WINNIPEG — A teenager who helped beat a young Manitoba woman and shared the footage of their bloody death apologized to the victim's family at a sentencing hearing Tuesday.
Serena McKay's body was found on the Sagkeeng First Nation last April and two teenage girls, who were 16 and 17, were arrested.
The older girl, who has since turned 18 but can't be named because they were underage when the beating occurred, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in December.
"There are no words to describe how sorry I am," the girl told McKay's family in a Winnipeg courtroom. "I am living every day with this guilt and shame ... I want to do things in Serena's honour."
The Crown and defence are jointly recommending the girl receive the maximum youth sentence of seven years. The Crown wants the girl to spend four years behind bars and serve 1 1/2 years in the community.
Defence lawyer Greg Brodsky, who said their client has shown remorse, is asking for one year in jail with the rest of the sentence to be served in the community.
McKay had been at a house party in the Sagkeeng community when there was an argument about alcohol, court heard.
Two videos, which later circulated on social media, showed McKay being attacked.
McKay's family members stood up and left before the videos were played in court. The woman being sentenced held their head in their hands and sobbed as the graphic footage showed McKay being punched and kicked while they begged for the beating to stop.
Crown prosecutor Jennifer Comack said the woman texted the videos to a friend first, along with a message boasting that they "stomped her" out. The videos were widely shared, Comack said.
As water becomes an increasingly scarce resource, more of it is being recycled and reused. Regulation and policies to protect human and environmental health are of ever-greater importance. Dr. Edo McGowan has forty years of experience in the development of local, regional, and international programs relating to health aspects of water quality, vector control, the analyses and disposal of hazardous materials. Here they offer their perspectives on the potential effects of contaminants of emerging concern (CECs) on human mitochondria.
Dr. McGowan earned their degree in medicine from the Keck School of Medicine at USC, a doctorate in water quality and water policy from Cal Western, and an MSc in political science. They wrote their dissertation on water quality issues facing Ventura County while simultaneously rewriting its major Regional Water Quality Control Plan as the county's water quality planner.
Dr. McGowan has conducted environmental review of national toxicants disposal in The Sudan and Somalia for USAID and initiated the national toxic materials monitoring system for Ethiopia as consultant to the World Bank. They have participated in numerous advisory panels to the National Academies NRC, Library of Congress, EPA, and the UN.
We're pleased to share their insight here.
While water purification and reuse practices are beneficial advancements, it's important to recognize that further study and regulation are critical to understanding the long-term effects of contaminants not removed by current treatment technologies.
Can today's water quality standards keep up with the input of emerging contaminants? The EPA, by way of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), estimated an addition of somewhere between 500 and 600 new chemicals per year. What might be the range of potential impacts to the human metabolic processes? Is the regulatory community following this?
To look at this general policy area, I'd like to single out just one of the many metabolic systems that might be affected by uncontrolled emerging contaminants. Of interest because of its critical metabolic functions, we will look at the mitochondria.
Mitochondria are numerous small organelles whose size ranges between 0.75 and 3.0 um. They reside within cells, move around, and can fuse together. Their number varies with the type of cell and the cell's need for energy. For example, a liver cell, which is cubical in shape, having sides of 20 to 30 um may contain over 2000 mitochondria.
Mitochondria are scripted to the job of being the main generators of power that drives cellular machinery and processes. How this power is used and generated requires a delicate cross-talk between the two sets of DNA residing within the cell. For mitochondria, its generation of power is but one of many important functions. Mitochondria also control apoptosis—programmed cell death.
Many body parts need continuous replacement and to be refreshed, old cells need to be removed, thus they need to die. But death needs to be carefully orchestrated and this is one of the mitochondrial functions. Other cells, however, need to stay vital and some are designed to last for the owner's entire lifetime. These long-lived cells need their own carefully orchestrated systems, which if disrupted by contaminants of emerging concern (CECs), see developing pathologies.
Additionally, mitochondria are involved with the status of cellular and tissue calcium levels and hence calcium's control over signaling. Delicately controlled calcium levels within various cell and tissue compartments act as switches to turn on or off cellular functions, and for cross-talk with components.
Mitochondria are specialized, and one size does not fit all. Mitochondria of the brain would differ from, say the liver or heart and there would thus, be differences in sensitivity to toxins. Even in the brain, different tissues will have different mitochondria. Thus, how CECs impact mitochondria is a highly specialized and uniquely singular issue. When it comes to a discussion of impacts from CECs, it is fairly easy to see that damaged mitochondria may underlie a vast array of human ailments and disease.
Chronic exposure to toxins and pathogens may shift these little organelles toward an unhealthy state. Their dependent end organs then begin to operate less well and we may see development of longer-term chronic, autoimmune, or neoplastic pathologies. This decline may also be seen in the mitochondria of the capillary endothelial cells serving the end organ, where end organ might be heart, brain, kidney, etc.
Inflammatory response in the capillary may cause fluid leakage into adjacent interstitial tissues with a consequent widening of inflammatory responses. This creates a series of feedback loops and thus creates within the capillary a layering of scar tissue. Diameter is narrowed and roughened. The flow is reduced and the tissues get less oxygen, hence reduction of end organ function.
This discussion is driven by the findings of toxic materials and serious pathogens or their genes within finished and disinfected Title 22 California recycled water that is now being used to irrigate certain crops. Can and do those toxic materials or pathogens impact the mitochondria? These are critical questions to investigate.
Bacteria are just part of the issue. Many toxins are found in the finished recycled water. And mitochondria are particularly susceptible to damage by a combination of pathogens and toxins.
Organic micro-pollutants (OMPs) such as pharmaceuticals are persistent pollutants that are only partially degraded in waste water treatment plants. Treatment train design impacts the availability of bacterial endotoxins. Advanced water treatment and the use of activated carbon seemed to up-shift final endotoxin.
Since pharmaceuticals can and do impact mitochondria, this, by itself, is an issue. The wastewater stream is seen as a growing issue as many toxicants fail to be adequately removed. Do these contaminants bioaccumulate in crops? What may happen when those crops are consumed?
Some pathogens, particularly viruses can and do pass through typical screens in treatment trains used in the production of Title 22 recycled water. Many of these detractors are not considered by the regulatory standards or the regulatory community. The current standards used for ascertaining the quality of this water are antiquated. The end result is a potential increased risk to public health.
The use of this water for irrigating crops consumed raw, such as the salad crops, may see these toxic materials or pathogens bioaccumulate in the edible portions of such crops. Any student of phyto-remediation is well acquainted with these issues. Unfortunately, there are few if any standards addressing potential bioaccumulation levels in crops.
As the State of California and other areas in the nation rely more heavily on recycled water as an off-set to potable supplies, the contained and in many cases unregulated contaminants may represent a growing risk to public health.
We invite you to share your opinions and comments below.
What are your thoughts? Do you feel that the current water quality standards require updating?
Public consultations should be held to consider whether more retailers, including grocery stores, major malls and business improvement areas, should be allowed to remain open on holidays, according to a city staff report to be considered by the city's licensing and standards committee on Tuesday.
The current system in Toronto is a pastiche of bylaws and exemptions that makes it difficult for consumers to know where they can shop on holidays.
Depending on the situation, there are exemptions for size, location, number of employees and type of goods sold.
On any given holiday, consumers may or may not be able to shop at their local grocery store, but they can shop for clothes at Forever 21 at the Toronto Eaton Centre, which is open every day of the year except Christmas Day.
“All of this stuff needs to be changed because it's out of date, it does not in any way reflect the realities of shopping in Toronto today,” said Gary Sands, spokesperson for the Canadian Federation of Independent Grocers.
× Shop ‘n Save grocery stores to be sold
ST. LOUIS – Tuesday SuperValu announced it will be selling its grocery store chain Shop ‘n Save. The sale includes stores in the St. Louis region and on the east coast, stores branded Shop ‘n Save East.
Workers at the stores in the St. Louis region are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union(s).
Locals 655, 881 and 88 released the following statement after the sale announcement:
“Announcements impacting this many hard-working families are always concerning. It's times like these that the men and women working for this company need their union family the most. Locals 655, 881 and 88 are committed to protecting the good union jobs at Shop ‘n Save. We will remain in close contact with Supervalu as well as any future employer to ensure the promise that unions make to all workers: a better life for them and their families.”
VOLUNTEER Centre West Berkshire has named its interview room in memory of a special woman who dedicated three decades of their life to helping others.
Anne Eldred was one of its longest-serving volunteers, having lent a hand at the centre for 30 years, from 1986 until 2016.
The charity's director, Garry Poulson, said: “Anne's style and personality were always understated, always thorough, thoughtful and mindful of the impact of their tasks upon all those connected with it, be it the office team, volunteers and of course, most importantly, the person they were trying to help at any time.”
The charity resolved to remember Mrs Eldred in a special way and, a year on from their death, invited the chairperson of West Berkshire Council, Quentin Webb, to preside over a special room dedication ceremony.
Mr Poulson then gave a short speech that reflected on Mrs Eldred's three decades of volunteering.
Volunteer Centre West Berkshire is a voluntary sector support charity and community transport provider.
It also operates The Village Agent Service and the Befriend West Berkshire service.
MINNEAPOLIS — Jimmy Butler scored 30 points, Karl-Anthony Towns had 22 points and 16 rebounds for their league-leading 47th double-double, and the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the New Orleans Pelicans 118-107 on Saturday night.
In front of a capacity crowd dotted with celebrities in town for Sunday's Super Bowl, the Wolves dominated from the start en route to their 12th straight home win and a four-game season sweep of the Pelicans.
Anthony Davis led New Orleans with 38 points and managed to keep the Pelicans from getting completely blown out in the first quarter, when the Wolves opened a 22-6 lead. Davis scored 19 first-quarter points to help the Pelicans pull within single digits at times, but Minnesota had an answer for every run and shot 50.5 per cent on the night to steadily maintain its lead.
Nikola Mirotic scored 18 points on 6-of-13 shooting in their first game for New Orleans since being traded from Chicago on Thursday for Omer Asik, Tony Allen and Jameer Nelson. Mirotic hit back-to-back 3-pointers in the third to pull the Pelicans to 90-79 before Towns closed the quarter with a three-point play and a dunk.
Tyus Jones had 15 points off the bench for the Wolves. Andrew Wiggins had 15 points for Minnesota and Taj Gibson added 12.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: The team gave Emeka Okafor another shot at the NBA by signing the veteran forward to a 10-day contract. Okafor last played in the NBA in 2013 before being sidelined by a neck injury. He's played 26 games in the G League this year, averaging 6.8 points and eight rebounds per game. "Obviously it's a never-give-up attitude to get your way back to where they are right now, and so it's just a matter of them being able to perform and stay at this level," coach Alvin Gentry said. Okafor was available but didn't play.
Timberwolves: Some of the faces spotted in the crowd included Floyd Mayweather, Sting, Shaggy, Guy Fieri, Antonio Brown and Tony Gonzalez. . Coach Tom Thibodeau had no comment on recent ESPN reports that Shabazz Muhammad has requested a trade. "I didn't see it," said Thibodeau, who is also the team's president of basketball operations.
UP NEXT
Pelicans: Host Utah on Monday night.
by Brendan Sample
In response to the recent home invasion and sexual assault that occurred on East Chestnut Hill Avenue, the Chestnut Hill Community Association held a crime prevention forum on Feb. 7. The public meeting was meant to give residents a chance to get safety tips on how to protect themselves in a variety of dangerous situations, as well as ask questions of police officers in the 14th District of Philadelphia.
The meeting was led by Captain Sekou Kinebrew, who was able to confirm that an arrest had been made in the sexual assault case. As reported in the Local last month, James Bradley, 20, of W. Mt. Airy had been arrested and charged.
They began by introducing members of their various teams, including two officers who gave advice on preventative measures for various types of crimes.
Officer McLain, of the crime prevention department, spoke first on property crimes, noting that those are the type of crimes they notice more often than others. They encouraged all residents to keep their car and home doors locked and to take all valuables out of their cars whenever leaving them, even if it's only for a minute.
They also talked about the city's new SafeCam program, which is designed to give Philadelphia police officers a new advantage in tracking down suspects. Any home cameras can now be registered directly with the city, which will allow the police to access the cameras only in the occasion that some sort of criminal activity has occurred in the area, in which case they would need to review some of the recorded footage. In addition, discounts may also be available to those who have purchased or will purchase a home camera that gets registered through the program.
Other points they spoke about included confidential complaint forms, a bi-weekly crime prevention bulletin and another new program called Know Before You Open the Door. It connects all utility workers directly to the city, so calling 911 will now allow residents to verify whether or not a specific worker has actually been dispatched, or if it's someone trying to scam you and/or case your house.
Officer Washington of the victims' assistance department spoke next, as they focused on the efforts to help those who have been affected by crime in one way or another. They spoke about the Victims Compensation Program and how it can help victims with medical expenses, counseling, relocation and recovering some of their stolen goods that don't fall under private property, as it pays out an average of $13 million a year on crime victims. It is meant to be a last resort if insurance, disability claims or court-ordered restitutions, among other ways, fail to cover costs.
The meeting then shifted to a Q & A session, allowing residents to ask various safety questions of the officers. Topics ranged from how few people called a previous non-emergency police line, the usefulness of precautionary flyers placed on doors around a crime scene and the “deeply personal decision,” according to Kinebrew, of whether or not to have a firearm in one's home. While there was certainly plenty to cover, the captain made sure to emphasize the positives of the district's relationship with the neighborhood.
“We get amazing support from the residents of Chestnut Hill, and we're all eager to immerse ourselves in this community,” Kinebrew said.
The meeting concluded with a few words from Melany Nelson, executive director of Northwest Victim Services, an organization dedicated to providing help to crime victims in Northwest Philadelphia. Nelson spoke about the services that the organization provides, which are all free to crime victims, and how it seeks to help community members living around victims as well. They also mentioned a few community programs NVS sponsors, including Stand for Something, which seeks to educate children in schools on victimization and bullying, and Coffee Klatch, a domestic violence support group.
Anyone seeking more information on crime prevention or victims assistance in the 14th Police District can contact the district directly by calling 215-686-3140 (3141 if the first line is busy) or sending an email to police.co_14@phila.gov. Additionally, Northwest Victim Services can also be contacted by calling 215-438-4410 or 267-808-0350, or by emailing contact@northwestvictimservices.org.
ESTEVAN, Sask. — An extra women's curling team has been added to the field for the Home Hardware Canada Cup in December.
Headlined by world champions Brad Gushue and Rachel Homan, as well as 2014 Olympic champion Jennifer Jones, the $140,000 event Dec. 5-9 in Estevan, Sask., will feature seven men's teams and eight women's teams.
They're invited based on ranking and there was a virtual three-way tie for two women's berths, according to Curling Canada's release Wednesday.
Edmonton's Laura Crocker, Calgary's Chelsea Carey, Casey Scheidegger of Lethbridge, Alta., Kerri Einarson of Gimli, Man., and Winnipeg's Darcy Robertson will be in the women's field.
Five years ago I had never heard of the Gunks, and I will wager that they have eluded many a keen hiker, especially those who, like me, are in-comers to our region. The Catskills didn't elude me, nor the Adirondacks; but I lived a Gunk-less life for my first 15 years as a Tri-Stater. So, the basics: The Gunks are the Shawangunk Mountains, a ridge which runs through New York from the Delaware River almost to the Hudson – Port Jervis to New Paltz. The highest and widest part of the ridge is the northern part in Ulster County.
No surprise that it is this high-and-wide part that attracts us hikers. It is comprised of the Sam's Point, Minnewaska State Park, and Mohonk preserves, plus other public open space. It is 17 miles long and, at its broadest, six miles across – a plateau bounded by white cliffs, dotted with high lakes, and covered in often stunted forest. It offers exceptional views, both of itself, and of surrounding lowlands and the Catskill Mountains to the north. Surprising, then, that I did not find it for so long. Perhaps if the Catskills and Dacks were not so close and magnificent, the Gunks would be a big name.
One Saturday last month, waiting for Minnewaska State Park Preserve to open, I readied my gear in the back of my car and paced about. I was 1,400 feet above sea level in Upstate New York in late January, and it felt like spring! The air was soft and calm. Patches of mist had obscured the Gunks' southern escarpment on my drive up. Above all, the sun had come out, mocking the weather forecast yet again. At 9 a.m. the Preserve opened, and I parked in an empty lot above Lake Minnewaska. I wasn't yet sure where I'd hike to; Gertrude's Nose maybe, or perhaps more toward Sam's Point, the location of my only previous Gunks outing. Either way, I'd start on the carriage road beside Lake Minnewaska.
The Gunks have lots of carriage roads. They conjure up, for me anyway, well-heeled New Yorkers of the Gilded Age cruising the heights to escape the City's summer sweat. I don't think this picture is far off the truth. Today, the carriage roads are often immaculate shale tracks, and I admit to feelings that hiking them is not really hiking. Still, they speed you through the Gunks – or at least, they would usually. Despite many mild days, ice lingered where the sun had not reached. It did not linger in a patchy way that could be maneuvered around; rather, whole sections of the track were rink-slick from edge to edge. These were followed by others that were wholly ice-free, and I was forever stretching my microspikes onto my boots or (easier) pulling them off.
Somewhere on this stop-start section I decided to forego Gertrude's Nose and instead head southwest on Hamilton Point Carriage Road. I'd read that the Nose is “one of the most spectacular rock formations in the Shawangunks,” and getting there would involve real trail. But I liked the idea of connecting my two Gunks outings, perhaps reaching today what I had seen as distant scenery three years ago. As I walked, the stretches of ice grew scarcer, and the morning warmed, forcing me to stop to peel off layers of clothing. If the carriage road was not real hiking, I was – barring one runner – all alone, and the scenery was not tame. The road followed the cliff edge, at first looking over wild Palmaghatt Ravine and then over the wider landscape.
Hamilton Point was grand when it came, a huge ledge with big views to south and west. But above it stood Castle Point, which seemed to promise even more. The track – soon called the Castle Point Carriage Road – switch-backed to reach it. Ice reappeared. But as I climbed, the views opened to embrace all points of the compass. The Catskills rose to the north behind white valley mist, but it was the views up and down the Gunks that held my attention. One way, the pale blue ice of Lake Awosting, a mile off and 300 feet below. Left of the lake, and far, far beyond it, mist streamed over a Sam's Point bluff. Near that bluff, three years ago, I had looked toward where I now stood, and seen the distant lines of cliffs ruled through the forest. I did not know it then, but they were Castle and Hamilton points and – behind me now – Gertrude's prominent nose.
It would have taken two or three hours to reach the nearest point of my previous hike, to join the two outings physically. The place of joining would be the beautiful falls where Verkeerder Kill spills off the high plateau. But, for now, I was happy to have joined the hikes visually and, instead of a long trek, I ate my lunch on Castle Point and lay out on its surprisingly warm rock.
For half the trek back to Lake Minnewaska, I took Blueberry Run Trail, a real trail that reacquainted me with water and slush underfoot, and boasted as well a perfect tinkling brook and bright bare-rock clearings in the pines. Finally, I took the two-mile carriage road around Lake Minnewaska. It is certainly a pretty lake; high, cliff-wrapped, and covered in the same blue-gray ice as Lake Awosting. But I was already thinking about my next Gunks trip, somewhere out beyond the immaculate tracks.
Rob McWilliams is a local resident. Taking a Hike appears monthly. Contact Rob at McWilliams Takes a Hike, blog and Facebook. He'd love to hear from you.
Reply threads on Facebook are about to get a lot more animated. To mark the 30th anniversary of the GIF format, all users will get the new GIF comment button that Facebook began testing three months ago. Facebook also announced that almost 13 billion GIFs were sent on Messenger over the past year, with 400 million GIFs sent just on New Year's Day 2017.
The GIF button lets people search and post GIFs from different services, like Giphy and Tenor, directly in the comments box (on desktop browsers, the GIF button also displays trending GIFs, just like in Facebook Messenger).
Facebook added GIF support two years ago, but until now users had to enter the URL of a GIF hosted somewhere else. The GIF button makes the process a lot easier, especially on mobile. It's currently only available for comments, but Facebook may eventually also make it available for News Feed posts because user demand for GIFs shows no signs of abating.
Facebook reportedly had support for GIFs ready for years before it was finally added, but was hesitant to deploy it because of the visual impact it would have on the News Feed. Despite the company's initial reluctance, however, users kept finding workarounds to post GIFs. The lack of GIF support also gave other services like Imgur an advantage. Now Facebook has started embracing News Feeds with “richer” (some would say busier) media and in addition to GIFs, that includes auto-play videos and colored statuses.
For fun and to mark the anniversary of when GIFs were first introduced by CompuServe in 1987, Facebook is also running a poll asking users how GIF is pronounced, a debate that continues to rage on even though the creator of GIF, Steve Wilhite, has already declared their allegiance to the soft G.
The 10-year bond yield stood at 7.821% from its Wednesday's close of 7.782%. Photo: MInt
Mumbai: The Indian rupee opened marginally higher against US dollar as traders awaits gross domestic product (GDP) and fiscal deficit data due later on Thursday.
At 9.15am, the rupee was trading at 67.37 against the US dollar, up 0.09% from its previous close of 67.44. The currency opened at 67.43 a dollar.
The 10-year bond yield stood at 7.821% from its Wednesday's close of 7.782%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.
Growth in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year that ended in March 2018 probably picked up to 7.4%, according to a Bloomberg survey. Earlier, Moody's reduced India's 2018 GDP growth outlook to 7.3% from 7.5%, citing higher oil prices and tighter financial conditions.
Traders also cautious ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) bi-monthly policy meeting next week.
So far this year, the rupee has weakened 5.3%, while foreign investors have sold $8.3 million and $4.39 billion in equity and debt markets, respectively.
Benchmark Sensex Index rose 0.28% or 96.51 points to 35,002.62. Since January, it has gained 2.5%.
Asian currencies were trading higher as market shifts focus to progress on the US-North Korea summit from Italy's political crisis. Indonesian rupiah was up 0.78%, South Korean won 0.59%, Taiwan dollar 0.31%, Philippines peso 0.3%, Malaysian ringgit 0.26%, China renminbi 0.17%, Japanese yen 0.15%, Thai Baht 0.11%, Singapore dollar 0.1%.
The dollar index, which measures the US currency's strength against major currencies, was trading at 94.045, down 0.03% from its previous close of 94.069.
Bloomberg contributed this story
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
There's new evidence that Snap Inc.'s Snapchat is having some growing pains: Snapchat's global daily active users are down 6% year-over-year, according to new data from app intelligence service Apptopia. Some of that may be due to uneven international growth, with some markets seeing massive growth while others are actually deep in the red.
First, the necessary caveat: Apptopia is a third-party measuring service, meaning that it gathers much of its insights from data models that are based on publicly available app download numbers, as well as internal comparison data that publishers share with the company. As such, you'll have to take their data with a grain of salt.
Snap itself reported in May that its daily active users were up 36% year-over-year for the first quarter, but also admitted to a significant growth slow-down quarter-over-quarter. And recent reports suggested that app downloads have been on the decline.
Apptopia reported Wednesday that Instagram has seen global daily active usage grow by 7.7% year-over-year. That's despite the fact that Snapchat has actually been doing a solid job at retaining new users, which means that older users may be dropping off.
Snapchat's and Instagram's year-over-year engagement percentage. Courtesy of Apptopia
“It's possible the older users were acquired through ad-buys and not through word of mouth,” said Apptopia founder and CEO Eliran Sapir. “It's also possible Snapchat did not add enough value over time to keep them interested.”
Fastest Declining Markets for Snapchat DAU January – May 2017 Courtesy of Apptopia
Snap's international growth story also seems to be mixed, judging by Apptopia's data. Daily user numbers grew 95.7% in Vietnam from January to May, according to that data, but declined 43% in Norway over the same time period. Other countries that saw double-digit declines included Thailand, Singapore, New Zealand, and Spain, according to Apptopia.
Snapchat is expected to report Q2 earnings, including growth data, in early August.
A number of young farmers recently came together at Groomsport, Co Down to take part in the popular Snorkel Safari, organised and run by Grassroots Challenge.
YFCU members from Newtownards YFC, Crumlin YFC, Killinchy YFC and Ballywalter YFC came together to explore the waters near the shore at Groomsport.
A YFCU member looks for sea life underwater at Groomsport during the Snorkel Safari
The weather couldn't have been better with blue sunny skies and temperatures soaring above 20 degrees celsius.
Throughout the year YFCU with support from Grassroots Challenge aim to inspire young people to take action to help the environment within their local communities.
A huge 50% of biodiversity is found within the seas.
Those who live in Northern Ireland are fortunate to never be more than 33 miles from the coast at any point but do we know what is in the sea?
A YFCU member leaves the shore at Groomsport to look for sea life during the Snorkel Safari
That is what the snorkel adventurers were hoping to find out.
The event kicked off with everyone being kitted out with their gear: wetsuits, hoods, fins and snorkel masks.
Members then received a safety demo and an overview of some of the exciting marine creatures they might find.
Thanks to the calm conditions members were able to view an array of marine life, including; sand eels, seaweed, crabs, dog whelks, comb jellyfish, blue rayed limpets and barnacles.
Members learnt about the role sea life plays in marine eco systems.
A great day was had by all, with members enjoying both the sunshine and the marine wildlife.
If you would like to organise your own Wild Ideas project please contact:
Londonderry, Antrim and Down clubs: shona.campbell@ulsterwildlife.org
Fermanagh, Tyrone and Armagh clubs: andrew.gracey@ulsterwildlife.org
You can find out more information by visiting the Grassroots Challenge Facebook and Instagram pages @grassrootschallenge.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all know how frustrating the daily commute can be.
Whether it's leaves on the line, a signal failure, engineering works, it seems more often than not there's something getting in our way as we just try to get in on time.
And it seems these problems don't just plague us commoners when it comes to the commute.
The King of Saudi Arabia has it tough too, as this video proves.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Their golden escalator stopped working when they were barely a third of the way down, as they tried to leave their private golden jet.
What a nightmare.
But the king managed to keep calm and after waiting what probably felt like an age, Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud descended by foot, on what were now just some fancy steps.
According to Nine News Australia , the king was landing in Moscow to discuss a $3.5billion arms deal with the Kremlin.
And it's not often they travel without a little luxury. Business Insider reports that when they went to Indonesia, they travelled with 800 delegates and 620 members of staff.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: TASS)
In 2015, they closed a French Riviera beach for three days and had a lift put in so they could go straight to the sand.
And in Japan, they drove around in style, in 500 limousines for themselves and their entourage.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Opposition lawmaker from the Yelk bloc, head of the Civil Contract party Nikol Pashinyan is leading a massive crowd of people to the Armenian Genocide memorial in Tsitsernakaberd on Tuesday, April 24.
Pashinyan led the campaign #RejectSerzh against former president Serzh Sargsyan's premiership. And scenes of jubilation were observed throughout Yerevan towards the end of Monday, April 23 after Sargsyan announced their resignation.
The member of parliament had earlier said that the crowd will march towards Tsitsernakaberd and focus on the commemoration if nothing extraordinary happens.
Also, Pashinyan is set to give a press conference later on Tuesday.
On Tuesday, Armenians worldwide are commemorating the 103rd anniversary of the Genocide which began in the Ottoman Empire in 1915 and continued until 1923. Some three dozen countries, hundreds of local government bodies and international organizations have so far recognized the killings of 1.5 million Armenians in the Ottoman Empire as Genocide. Turkey denies to this day.
Hello and welcome back to Equity, TechCrunch's venture capital-focused podcast where we unpack the numbers behind the headlines.
This week the crew —Roof, Matthew Lynley, and Alex Wilhelm — were joined by Saar Gur, a general partner at CRV.
This week we had no choice but to dive into Uber's most recent headlines and happenings. We did not get into every possible topic — Uber is a cornucopia of news these days, and our show can't be four hours long. Instead, we focused our attentions on the Softbank situation, Uber's board, and how much new capital the firm may raise in the coming weeks.
We promise that we will not turn Equity into This Week in Uber.
Moving along, we spent some time investigating the ForeScout S-1 filing, which the security firm hopes will take it public. However, the gang had some reservations about its financial performance, diving into VC investing time horizons and when a return goes from late, to very, very late.
And finally, the crew dug into Q3 venture trends. Crunchbase News has notes out on the global venture market, women in venture, and, out today, a piece looking at the US venture market. The whole report in one clause: round volume in the US is down year-over-year and dollar volume is up over the same timeframe.
We appreciate your ears and time. Catch you all next week!
Equity drops every Friday at 6:00 am PT, so subscribe to us on iTunes, Overcast, Pocketcast, Downcast and all the casts.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Martyrdom of Saint Ursula, Caravaggio's (1571–1610) last painting, is on exceptional loan from the Banca Intesa Sanpaolo in Naples and presented with The Met's The Denial of Saint Peter, also created by the artist in the last months of their life, Art Daily said.
Commissioned by the Genoese patrician Marcantonio Doria two months before the artist's death in July 1610, Caravaggio painted The Martyrdom of Saint Ursula in an unprecedented minimalist style; its interpretation of the tragic event that is its subject, combined with the abbreviated manner of painting, has only one parallel: The Denial of Saint Peter.
These two extraordinary paintings have not been reunited since a 2004 exhibition in London and Naples devoted to Caravaggio's late work. Since then, there has been a great deal of information discovered about Caravaggio's last years. This exhibition offers a rare opportunity to see these two pictures side by side and to examine the novelty of Caravaggio's late style, in which the emphasis is less on the naturalistic depiction of the figures than on their psychological presence. In these two works, Caravaggio poignantly probes a dark world burdened by guilt and doom, suggesting to some scholars an intersection with their biography and their sense of the tragedy of life.
The Martyrdom of Saint Ursula According to legend, Saint Ursula traveled with eleven thousand virgins to Cologne, where the chief of the Huns besieging the city fell in love with them When they rejected their advances, they killed them with an arrow. In this haunting depiction, Caravaggio places the two figures improbably close to each other, maximizing the contrast between their expressions: Ursula's perplexed gaze at the agent of their martyrdom; the tyrant's conflicted reactions of rage and guilt. Caravaggio includes themselves as a spectator, straining for a glimpse, while another figure thrusts their hand forward in an abortive effort to prevent the saint's execution. The exaggerated contrasts between dark and light seem not merely a dramatic device but a symbolic allusion to sin and redemption, death and life.
The Denial of Saint Peter Standing before a fireplace, the apostle Peter is accused of being a follower of Jesus. The pointing finger of the soldier and the two fingers of the woman allude to the three accusations recounted in the Bible as well as to Peter's three denials. The composition is reduced to essentials. Just as in The Martyrdom of Saint Ursula the Hun chief wears a piece of near-contemporary armor, so in The Denial of Saint Peter the soldier's helmet is taken from a precise model of the early sixteenth century, thus breaking down the fiction of an imagined past. Note the similar gestures of Ursula and Peter.
As Wife Of Pulse Nightclub Shooter Faces Federal Charges, A Look At Their Relationship Noor Salman, the widow of Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, is facing charges of obstructing justice and providing material support to terrorists. Author Rachel Louise Snyder has been covering the trial for The New Yorker, and shares some of their reporting on Salman and their abusive relationship with Mateen.
Six Tigers Named Associated Press All-Americans
Clemson, S.C. – Clemson had a national best and school record six players named to one of the three Associated Press All-America teams announced on Monday. The list included three of Clemson's four defensive linemen and four defenders overall.
Clelin Ferrell (DE) was named first-team by AP, while Mitch Hyatt (OT), Christian Wilkins (DT) and Dorian O'Daniel (LB) were second-team selections. Tyrone Crowder (OG) and Austin Bryant (DE) were third team selections.
The previous best for Associated Press All-Americans in a season by the Clemson program is five by the 2016 National Championship team. It marks the first time Clemson has had three defensive linemen named All-American in the same season.
Ferrell, a redshirt sophomore, is fourth on the Clemson team in tackles with 61 and has a team best 17 tackles or loss, including 8.5 sacks. They join Deshaun Watson (sophomore, 2015) and Sammy Watkins (first-year student, 2011) as the only Clemson first-year student or sophomores to make first-team AP All-American.
Bryant was a third-team All-American selection by Associated Press, but they were a first-team selection by the Football Writers Association on Monday. Bryant is second to Ferrell in tackles for loss and sacks. The junior from Pavo, Ga has 14.5 tackles for loss and 7.5 sacks.
Wilkins is the only returning All-American from last year's team. A third-team selection by AP last year, the native of Springfield, Mass was a second-team choice by Associated Press on Monday. They were named second team by the Walter Camp Foundation last week.
O'Daniel was a second team selection by AP, but was earlier a first-team choice by Sports Illustrated. The graduate leads Clemson in tackles with 99, including 10.5 tackles for loss and a team best four takeaways.
Hyatt is the leader of Clemson's strong offensive line. They have been named second team All-American by seven services so far. The native of Georgia has started 41 games the last three years. Graduate from Tyrone Crowder was named a third-team AP All-American as an offensive guard.
With 11 All-America teams announced so far, Clemson has eight players named first, second or third team All-American by some service. Earlier Dexter Lawrence was named third team by the website Sports on Earth at defensive tackle. Ray-Ray McCloud was a second team selection as a punt returner by Pro Football Focus.
Clemson All-America Summary
Austin Bryant: Football Writers Association (1), Walter Camp (2), Associated Press (3),
Clelin Ferrell: Associated Press (1), Sports on Earth (1), Football Writers Association (2), USA Today (2), The All-American (2), Sports Illustrated (2)
Dorian O'Daniel: Sports Illustrated (1), Bleacher Report (1), Associated Press (2),
Christian Wilkins: Associated Press (2), Walter Camp (2), Sports on Earth (3)
Dexter Lawrence: Sports on Earth (3)
Mitch Hyatt: Associated Press (2), USA Today (2), Football Writers Association (2), Walter Camp (2), The All-American (2), Sports on Earth (2), College Football News (2)
Tyrone Crowder: Associated Press (3), College Football News (HM)
Justin Falcinelli: College Football News (HM)
Ray-Ray McCloud: Pro Football Focus (2, Punt returner)
Since the last report Kilrea Young Farmers' Club have been continuing their busy schedule with club meetings and competitions.
The club enjoyed success at the group debating heats held at Magherafelt High School where the team of Abbie Canning, Adam Alexander and Timmy Davidson were placed 2nd in the 18-21 age group, well done.
The Kilrea YFC group debating team who were placed second at the heats included Adam Alexander, Timmy Davidson and Abbie Canning
Thanks to Linda Steele for preparing them for the competition.
Members of the club travelled to the county dinner where a good night was had – well done to all the members who received awards at this occasion.
The club held their annual carol service in Swatragh Presbyterian Church on Sunday 4th December where members took part in the service.
The collection on the evening of £270 is to be donated to the NI Cancer Fund for Children.
The club pass on their thanks to pianist Edith Reid, the Reverend Conway and the congregation of Swatragh Church and to Rosetta Campbell for making the mince pies and shortbread for the evening and Mrs Williamson for their assistance with the catering. Thanks to all who supported the event.
The following week the club then headed to take part in the annual choir festival held by YFCU.
Although no awards were won the members taking part enjoyed the experience and extend their thanks to Olivia Gordon, pianist on the occasion and to David Linton for leading the choir.
The next club meeting the club held their annual roving supper and again this proved to be very enjoyable given the delicious array of food put on for club members.
Many thanks to Mary McIlroy, Beth McCormick and Sara Mulholland for their delicious spreads and for their hospitality.
Kilrea club held another successful Boxing Night disco, in Burberries, Portrush which was well support by clubs near and far.
Starting off the New Year again, the fortnightly club meetings included an interesting talk from Seamus Dickson and Russell Rees from Fire and Rescue Service – thanks are extended to them for their informative talk.
Club members continue participating in competitions near and far.
A team represented Kilrea Club at the annual ten pin bowling competition held by Co Londonderry YFC committee and a team took part in penguin football for the prestigious wooden welly and were placed third – well done to both teams.
The club have recently been sporting their new club t-shirts which have been sponsored by Barenbrug UK and they extend their thanks to them for their sponsorship.
Practices have now started for Kilrea's arts festival performance and if any members are interested please keep in touch with your club officials.
The club's performance is to be held in Ballymoney High School on Thursday 16th February and tickets are available either through the club leader/secretary or via YFCU headquarters.
The club's AGM was held on Monday 23rd January where the election of new office bearers took place.
The following were elected as the main office bearers: Club leader, Adam McCormick, secretary, Adam McCormick, treasurer, Lucinda Thompson, PRO, Ellen Alexander.
The AGM was conducted by Zita Blair from Moneymore YFC and thanks were extended to them
Also thanks were extended to all outgoing office bearers and best wishes to all incoming office bearers and committee members.
Major League Baseball has completed an investigation into Arizona Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto, saying their Apple Watch was not used for any "baseball-related communcation" in the dugout Wednesday.
Regardless, Prieto and the Diamondbacks have been fined for them having the device in the dugout during Wednesday's wild-card game aganst the Colorado Rockies.
Editor's Picks D-backs' Prieto apologizes for watch in dugout Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says they apologized to manager Torey Lovullo for wearing an electronic watch in the dugout and volunteered to give the device to MLB officials.
In a statement, MLB said its Department of Investigations "forensically examined" Prieto's watch and found no evidence that it was used for "any purpose in the dugout."
Prieto told reporters Thursday that they didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and that it was on "airplane mode" during the game, a setting that shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities. The former big league pitcher is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks.
They said they know having the phone during the game violated MLB's rules, and that they apologized to manager Torey Lovullo and volunteered to turn the phone over to MLB officials.
Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by Major League Baseball for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
When it comes to figuring out what's worth splurging on and what's better off skipping in the beauty world, it's hard to gauge. But one iconic makeup artist just weighed in on what we're all throwing our money out on, and their answer might surprise you. Gigi Hadid's longtime makeup artist, Erin Parsons, says that splurging on high-end eyeshadow palettes is a waste of a person's bank account.
Parsons got their start working with Pat McGrath, but has since moved on from their assistant days and is now the go-to artist for Hadid, doing their makeup for campaigns like Reebok, Tommy Hilfiger and Maybelline. She's also a regular on the runway, doing shows for labels like Alice + Olivia and La Perla, and is regularly tapped into for Vogue covers and beauty shoots. So suffice it to say, the woman knows makeup.
And seeing how Hadid is now in the top five of the highest paid models in the industry, Parsons would only have the highest of standards when applying their makeup. So when Parsons did an interview with Yahoo! and was asked what makeup product they thought was “an absolute waste of money" they were quick to answer, "an extremely expensive eyeshadow palette.”
While that's not to say that high-end palettes aren't worth buying, Parsons pointed out that there are plenty of drugstore brands that create high quality shadows at a fraction of the cost. Many people tend to think that drugstore brands don't match in quality with more expensive products, but in Parsons' experience, that's simply not true.
Both Hadid and Parsons work with Maybelline, so they have firsthand experience in the matter. Hadid is the face of Maybelline, where they not only appears in their TV commercials and magazine ads, but also wears their products as an endorsement and even collaborated with them to create a makeup collection of their own. One of the standouts in the collaboration was Hadid's Maybelline Jetsetter Palette, which included everything from eyeshadows, to bronzers, to lip balms.
Parsons is Maybelline's global makeup artist, where they take care of all of Hadid's looks for the brand's campaigns and marketing materials. While the two are intimately linked with the drugstore brand, Parsons isn't merely telling people to use budget palettes to boost Maybelline's sales numbers. They constantly prove that they work just as well as their luxury counterparts.
For example, in Hadid's 2016 American Music Awards look, where the model was a co-host, Parsons used all Maybelline products to create their fresh-faced, glowy look. From their natural bushy brows, to their contoured cheekbones, to their smokey taupe eyeshadow topped with silver glitter, it was all created using drugstore products. And if that's good enough for a red carpet, then it's good enough for a Saturday night out with friends.
Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Then at the 2018 Met Gala red carpet, Hadid wore a not-yet-realeased eyeshadow palette that they helped to create, and which will hit stores in September 2018. Seeing how the Gala is seen as "fashion's biggest night," Hadid wouldn't cut corners when it came to their makeup, once again showing that drugstore formulas go the distance.
Neilson Barnard/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The mysterious palette is the Maybelline Soda Pop Eye Shadow Palette, and it will feature 12 different shades, including blues, oranges, and purples that will be perfect for autumn. The palette is shimmer-heavy (as you can see via Hadid's makeup,) and will be split into cool and warm tones, letting you play up different eyeshadow looks. All the shadows are named after sodas and will smell like them, too, featuring names like "Cherry Cola" and "Sugar High." And the best part? It will only cost $14.
As Parsons said, you don't have to drop a lot of money for a quality and unforgettable makeup look.
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," they tell NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz. And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, they were our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to their death. Gunned down Friday as they pulled up in front of a supermarket, they became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. They came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years their work became increasingly important. Their home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, they run up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells their audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column they wrote for Colectivo Pericu, they cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. Their bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene they would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for their work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in their home state since 2010. They began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after their predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in their home. One of their best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for their safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," they say. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," they say. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In the last six weeks, four reporters have been murdered in Mexico. The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez. They were gunned down in their car on Friday afternoon in La Paz, near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. As James Fredrick reports, Mexico continues to be one of the world's deadliest places to report the news.
JAMES FREDRICK, BYLINE: At 73 years old, Max Rodriguez wasn't the kind of person you'd expect to be on the police beat. But they couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu, the blog where Max worked. I catch them on their cell as he's driving to a memorial for Max.
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "It was totally by chance," they said. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near their home in La Paz. And then they sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, they were our crime reporter." After decades as a reporter and government spokesperson, Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime. They didn't know at the time how important the work would become.
Murders have recently spiked in their state as a feud broke out between drug cartels. January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever. A week before their death, Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: He's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison. A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer. But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "Our outlet promotes freedom of expression," says Morgan. "Our comments sections are open, so it's become routine for us to receive threats there." Last week, Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind. There are five comments on the story. One ominously reads you're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max.
Three days later, Rodriguez were shot to death as they pulled up in front of a supermarket. It was the exact kind of crime they would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before, meaning they were likely targeted for their work. Max's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico. Three others were murdered in March alone.
NOE ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone. Their predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in their home. And a photojournalist they often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "We journalists face real threats," says Zavaleta. "Organized crime, that's obvious. Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices. And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims." Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta's reaction to another death.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "When I hear of another murder, I just think who's next? It sounds crude to say but it's the way I have to think about it now." Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico, the most important stories often can't be covered. Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in their state want to get off the crime beat after Max's murder.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "My wife and I are reflecting on what to do," they say, "but right now, we don't plan to stop reporting this type of news." For NPR News, I'm James Fredrick in Mexico City.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
UNITED NATIONS, July 4 (APP):Intense air and ground-based strikes at multiple locations in Syria's south-western
Daraa governorate has resulted in “largest displacement” in the area since the conflict began more than seven years ago, the United Nations refugee agency has reported.
A number of civilians are also reported to have been killed in the hostilities and many more injured, said Andrej Mahecic on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
They said the agency was “deeply concerned by the escalation of fighting” and called on those involved “to take all necessary measures to safeguard civilian lives, protect civilian infrastructure and allow freedom of movement as required under international humanitarian and human rights laws.”
Among those displaced by the fighting “estimated to number between 270,000 to 330,000 are some 60,000” at the Nasib/Jaber border crossing, between Syria and Jordan, forced to live with sweltering heat, pounded by dusty desert winds.
According to reports, at least 12 children, two women, and one elderly man, have died in the past few days close to the Jordanian border due to scorpion bites, dehydration and disease.
Elizabeth Throssell, a spokesperson for the Office of UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), appealed for the safety of those trapped at the border.
They also called on all parties involved in the conflict to “ensure safe, sustained and unimpeded humanitarian access to those in need, in line with their obligations under international law.”We call on the international community, in particular countries of the region with the financial ability to host large numbers of refugees, to take in fleeing civilians from Syria … We call on the Jordanian Government to keep its border open and for other countries in the region to step up and receive the fleeing civilians.”
UN agencies on the ground are preparing to scale up their response, prioritizing life-saving assistance and protection services for those with emergency needs.
The World Food Programme (WFP), the organization's emergency food and nutrition relief agency, has delivered enough food for around 200,000 people and stands ready to deliver more as soon as security improves and conditions allow.
However, violence has also displaced hundreds of staff of WFP-partner organizations, “leaving few people on the ground to manage aid distribution and limiting possibilities to intervene,” said Bettina Luescher, a spokesperson for the UN agency. They added that “other However, violence has also displaced hundreds of staff of WFP-partner organizations, “leaving few people on the ground to manage aid distribution and limiting possibilities to intervene,” Bettina Luescher, a spokesperson for the UN agency, said. They added that “other distribution solutions” were currently being examined.
Two Kenyan runners, both of them making their Boston Marathon debut, have won the prestigious race.
Edna Kiplagat, a Kenyan police officer and two-time world champion marathoner, finished first in the women's race with a time of 2:21:52. Rose Chelimo, a Kenyan-born Bahraini runner, placed second.
Geoffrey Kirui, also of Kenya, won the mens' race at 2:09:37 — their first-ever marathon victory. They edged out Portland runner Galen Rupp by 21 seconds.
It was a big day for debut runners at Boston, according to Runner's World.
In the women's race, 25-year-old Jordan Hasay ran their first-ever marathon in 2:23:00 to place third. It was the fastest-ever debut by an American woman, Runner's World says.
And in the men's race, 26-year-old Suguru Osako of Japan — also competing in their first marathon — placed third with 2:10:28.
Meanwhile, competitors in the wheelchair race finished in world-best times, The Associated Press reports:
"Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds — shattering the world's best by more than five minutes. Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men's race in 1:18:04, also the fastest time ever. "The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday."
The athletes had a tailwind of 13 mph, the AP reports.
Farmers and ranchers across the country took to Twitter on Wednesday to let the President and other administration officials know that staying in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is a win for farmers. Corn growers from around the United States tweeted about the economic benefits of NAFTA, which supports 25,000 corn industry jobs and stimulates the rural economy.
For the past twenty-three years, NAFTA has been a landmark trade success story for U.S. agriculture, particularly grains. U.S. corn and corn products (ethanol, DDGs and corn gluten feed) have duty-free access to Mexico and Canada under NAFTA. Mexico has become the number one trading partner for U.S. corn, buying 25 percent of all exports. Since 1994, U.S. corn exports to NAFTA partners have increased more than seven-fold. In the 2015-2016 marketing year alone, U.S. exports of corn to Mexico and Canada totaled more than 14 million metric tons, valued at $2.68 billion.
For America's corn growers, this market access can mean the difference between profit and loss. Corn and corn product exports are responsible for 33 percent of growers' gross farm income.
“Farmers and ranchers from all sectors are sending a powerful message to the President about the importance of remaining in NAFTA,” said NCGA President Kevin Skunes. “America's corn growers stand with the Administration as it negotiates an improved trade agreement, but it must ensure that these vital markets remain open to U.S. agricultural exports.”
Agricultural exports are a major driver of the U.S. economy with far-reaching benefits for farmers, American workers and consumers. They support more than one million American jobs and every dollar of agricultural exports creates an additional $1.27 in business activity.
The fifth round of NAFTA negotiations wrapped up in November. Informal discussions are expected in December, leading up to the sixth round of formal negotiations January 23-28, 2018.
“NCGA is following the NAFTA negotiations closely and working with allies in Congress and the Administration to preserve these critical markets for U.S. corn and corn products,” added Skunes.
ISLAMABAD, April 17 (APP): Chairman Senate, Raza Rabbani Monday thanked
the Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar for giving full assurance from the government side in addressing their all concerns for supremacy of the Parliament.
Speaking in the Upper House of the parliament, the chairperson Senate also
appreciated the support of parliamentary leaders of major political parties and leader of the house in the Senate, Senator Raja Zafar-ul-Haq.
They also thanked Speaker National Assembly, Sardar Ayaz Sadiq, central
leaders of all major political parties and Minister for Water and Power Khawaja Asif, Minister for Railways Khawaja Saad Rafiq and other ministers and senators for their support for their point of view.
They said that the main objective behind my standing was supremacy of the
parliament and privilege of the senators adding it was not my personal mater or agenda of any political party.
They said that Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar held four meetings with them
during last two days and discussed all my concerns and assured suitable solution of all these matters which were discussed during these meetings.
They said that the issues discussed in these meetings included ensuring presence of ministers during the senate sessions, resolving administrative matter of transfer of question from one ministry to another ministry, lapsing and not taking notice of eight bills moved by leader of the house in the senate and pending senate bill in the National Assembly, two rulings related with the summoning of joint session and avoiding National Bank's information.
Minister for Finance also assured that in future whenever any parliamentary committee would be formed, the notice would also be originated from the Senate along with the National Assembly, they added.
Rabbani said it was also decided that both house would start discussion on constitution amendments regarding increasing the powers of the upper house.
The chairperson said that Ishaq Dar assured to sort out all these matters.
“On complete assurance from the government side, I had also discussed the government assurance with all the parliamentary leaders.”
They apologized from the Speaker of Iranian Parliament for not visiting there on scheduled dates.
They assured of fixing next date of visit with mutual understanding.
BEIJING, April 24 (APP):Foreign Minister, Khawaja Muhammad Asif held a bilateral meeting with Foreign Minister of Uzbekistan, Kamilov Abdul Aziz Khafizovich here on Tuesday.
During the meeting held on the sidelines of the Council of Foreign Ministers' meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, both the ministers spoke highly of the historical relations between the two countries and their deep cultural linkages.
Khawaja Asif appreciated the active support of Uzbekistan for Pakistan's membership of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization which was finalized during the SCO Astana Summit in Uzbekistan.
The two Foreign Ministers also discussed various issues of mutual interest and agreed to further strengthen bilateral, political, economic and people-to-people relations.
USDA Offers Food Safety Tips for Areas Affected by Tropical Storm Nate
Washington, DC - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) is issuing food safety recommendations for those who may be impacted by Tropical Storm Nate.
The National Hurricane Center expects Nate to reach the northern Gulf Coast late Saturday or Sunday morning as a hurricane, and the threat of direct impacts from wind, storm surge and heavy rainfall is increasing from Louisiana through the western Florida Panhandle. Hurricane and tropical storm watches, as well as a storm surge watch, are in effect for a portion of the northern Gulf Coast.
Hurricanes and tropical storms present the possibility of power outages and flooding that can compromise the safety of stored food. Residents in the path of this storm should pay close attention to the forecast. FSIS recommends that consumers take the following steps to reduce food waste and the risk of foodborne illness during this and other severe weather events.
Steps to follow in advance of losing power:
Keep appliance thermometers in both the refrigerator and the freezer to ensure temperatures remain food safe during a power outage. Safe temperatures are 40°F or lower in the refrigerator, 0°F or lower in the freezer.
Freeze water in one-quart plastic storage bags or small containers prior to a storm. These containers are small enough to fit around the food in the refrigerator and freezer to help keep food cold. Remember, water expands when it freezes, so don't overfill the containers.
Freeze refrigerated items, such as leftovers, milk and fresh meat and poultry that you may not need immediately—this helps keep them at a safe temperature longer.
Know where you can get dry ice or block ice.
Have coolers on hand to keep refrigerator food cold if the power will be out for more than four hours.
Group foods together in the freezer—this ‘igloo' effect helps the food stay cold longer.
Keep a few days' worth of ready-to-eat foods that do not require cooking or cooling.
Steps to follow if the power goes out:
Keep the refrigerator and freezer doors closed as much as possible. A refrigerator will keep food cold for about four hours if the door is kept closed. A full freezer will hold its temperature for about 48 hours (24 hours if half-full).
Place meat and poultry to one side of the freezer or on a tray to prevent cross contamination of thawing juices.
Use dry or block ice to keep the refrigerator as cold as possible during an extended power outage. Fifty pounds of dry ice should keep a fully-stocked 18-cubic-feet freezer cold for two days.
Food safety after a flood:
Do not eat any food that may have come into contact with flood water—this would include raw fruits and vegetables, cartons of milk or eggs.
Discard any food that is not in a waterproof container if there is any chance that it has come into contact with flood water. Food containers that are not waterproof include those packaged in plastic wrap or cardboard, or those with screw‐caps, snap lids, pull tops and crimped caps. Flood waters can enter into any of these containers and contaminate the food inside. Also, discard cardboard juice/milk/baby formula boxes and home-canned foods if they have come in contact with flood water, because they cannot be effectively cleaned and sanitized.
Inspect canned foods and discard any food in damaged cans. Can damage is shown by swelling, leakage, punctures, holes, fractures, extensive deep rusting or crushing/denting severe enough to prevent normal stacking or opening with a manual, wheel‐type can opener.
Steps to follow after a weather emergency:
In commemoration of 71st Independence Day celebration, Velammal to imbibe patriotism and valour among the students, celebrated its 32nd Sports Fiesta and 71st Independence Day.
The refreshing highlight of the celebration was that 71 feet National Flag was made by 71 Velammal students in 71 minutes. This initiative was taken by Velammal's ECAYLP Fine Arts Club.
Kindly publish the news in your esteemed newspaper and give us your extended support as always.
According to Elon Musk artificial intelligence may soon be an even bigger threat than North Korea. But if you are a professional e-Sports gamer, it may already be on to you. An AI bot created by artificial intelligence company OpenAI – a firm that's ironically supported by Musk themselves – has just become the first bot to compete against and defeat the world's best video gamers in the online strategy game DoTA 2.
For those in the dark, DoTA 2 is one of the most popular online e-sports games in the world and is a serious business that turns out millions of dollars every year in tournament prize money. Which obviously makes it a big deal with thousands of gamers training day and night to ace the game. While AI's days of subjugating and enslaving humanity might be a little far away, the folks at OpenAI, which is a non-profit research firm aimed at creating responsible functions for AI, decided it would be fun to teach their bot how to play DoTA 2. Result? The bot apparently took down the world's best DoTA 2 players one after another without even breaking a sweat.
Sure, there's precedent to AI defeating humans in games and this isn't the first time this has happened. Even way back in 1997, when AI was still a nascent product, a bot named Deep Blue defeated Gary Kasparov, the then reigning world champion, in a game of chess. And just last year, Google's AI bot AlphaGo defeated 18-time world champion Lee Sedol in a game of ‘Go' (an abstract strategy board game).
But the defeat of world champion DoTA players by a bot isn't just another addition to the number of feathers on AI's cap – it's a milestone in its own right. The game not only involves set rules and combinations, it also involves strategising and teamwork – a characteristic that isn't commonly associated with Artificial Intelligence. Taking to Twitter about the event, Musk wrote:
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess & Go. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) August 12, 2017
While the feat is impressive without any caveats, what makes it truly spectacular is that the bot did it entirely on its own through self-learning. None of the games strategies were pre-loaded or taught to it and rather the AI learnt it quicker than most through practice. But while the win marks an impressive victory the folks at OpenAI aren't just stopping yet; they're declaring war on the international DoTA 2 gaming community. According to the team's lead developer, they are planning to make the AI participate at ‘The International' – the world's premier DoTA 2 tournament that carries a grand prize reward of $10.7 million. And should they win it, the non-profit might just have found a fool-proof way to self-fund their research.
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ:
Cyberwarfare: Here's what you should know
There's now an AI bot that can predict how and when you'll die
This new AI bot can read your mind
> More on Get Smart
President Robert Mugabe's son, Bellarmine Chatunga, has appeared in a video in which they expose their lavish lifestyle at a time when most Zimbabweans can hardly afford a decent meal.
Source: WATCH: Mugabe's son exposes lavish lifestyle in a video | News24
Harare – President Robert Mugabe's son, Bellarmine Chatunga, has appeared in a video in which they expose their lavish lifestyle at a time when most Zimbabweans can hardly afford a decent meal.
Former finance minister Tendai Biti told an opposition rally in Harare last Saturday that most Zimbabweans were “surviving on less than 35 US cents per day” because of grinding poverty in the southern African country.
In a video posted on YouTube, Chatunga appeared with friends who were drinking alcohol and smoking alongside an unidentified woman. It was not clear how many people were in the room where the video was shot but some voices could be heard in the background.
One of the Zimbabwean leader's son's friends could also be seen describing Chatunga and their other colleagues as “bar rangers”.
Watch the video below
Chatunga and their brother Robert Jnr were known for partying and were recently kicked out of a luxurious apartment in the leafy suburb of Sandton in Johannesburg for their “unacceptable behaviour”. The duo were allegedly embroiled in a brawl late at night at the apartment block that left a security officer's leg and arm broken.
This reportedly led to First Lady Grace Mugabe to fly to South Africa to sort out alternative accommodation for their two sons.
In the latest video, Chatunga could seen telling an unidentified friend of theirs that they were a habitual clubber.
“I have been to the club with you personally so you can't tell me that you don't club. Tell them I don't eat sadza (Zimbabwe's staple food) from their house, they didn't even raise me and they can't tell me anything… they want to judge me,” said Chatunga in the video.
“Anyway guys, I hope you are having a great day, live your life and have fun,” added Chatunga, who was putting on a camouflage sweater that their 93 year-old father's government banned Zimbabweans back home from wearing.
WASHINGTON -- The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
--Nearly one in five workers -- a share the study calls "disturbingly high" -- say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
--Nearly 55 percent say they face "unpleasant and potentially hazardous" conditions.
--Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in "intense or repetitive physical" labor. "I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were," says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
--Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
--Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
--About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
"Wow -- (work) is pretty taxing place for many people," Maestas says. "I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is."
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work -- 62.9 percent in July -- has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
"There's a message for employers here," Maestas says. "Working conditions really do matter."
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
--By Paul Wiseman
Huddersfield made it five wins in a row in National Two North, defeating Sheffield Tigers 36-33 in a pulsating Yorkshire derby on Saturday.
The visitors had a player sent to the sin bin early on as Tigers built a 19-3 lead, winger Greg Mellor and prolific centre Jamie Broadley among the first-half scorers while Huddersfield had a single Jonny West penalty to their name.
West would add four conversions on Huddersfield's five tries, but it was the forwards that were largely to thank for the victory, both second-rows Adam Malthouse and Austen Thompson powering in.
Mellor grabbed their second after the break with Henri Packard to twice put the Tigers nine points ahead, but the visitors would have the final say, second row Nick Sharpe scoring a brace with in-form No 8 Richard Piper also crossing in the second half to snatch the bonus-point victory.
Huddersfield's unbeaten run has seen them rise to seventh in the table, while Tigers two bonus points keep them one place behind.
Sheffield took an important 20-5 win at fellow strugglers and Yorkshire rivals Otley.
Scrum-half Steve Depledge opened the scoring after eight minutes, converting a penalty. Otley scored a try to briefly take the lead soon after, but Sheffield were back in the driving seat with a second penalty from Depledge, the former Otley player.
Just before the break, the visitors scored their first try of the contest with flanker Sean Casey crashing over and Depledge adding the extras.
After the restart Sheffield were awarded a penalty try to make it 20-5 and although Otley pushed forward in an attempt to get back into the game, all of their moves seemed to fall apart at the critical stage. Sheffield are still second from bottom but close the gap on Otley.
Bottom-club Wharfedale put on a strong show at table-toppers Hinckley, before being edged out 20-17 at Leicester Road.
The league leaders were in control early on, a hat-trick from Samuel Driver putting Hinckley 15-0 up at the break.
The fightback started after the interval, when a period of sustained pressure was rewarded with a penalty try on 55 minutes before captain Phil Woodhead crossed ten minutes later, Tom Barrett adding the extras, to reduce the gap to just one point.
With the hosts on the back foot and reduced to 14 men, Wharfedale went ahead with seven minutes to go, Barrett with a drop goal to put the visitors on the verge of an unlikely victory.
Hinckley were not to be denied though, the bonus-point try coming five minutes from time to wrap up maximum points, but the visitors showed the fighting spirit required if they are to move off the foot of the table.
Sandal won for only the fourth time this season in the Northern Premier league, securing a crucial five points against strugglers Pocklington in an impressive 43-21 away victory.
A brace from full-back Jack Townend put Sandal 10-0 up and despite being pegged back, they had the bonus point wrapped up before the break, prop Tom Baxter and centre Steve Nolson seeing their tries converted by Greg Wood for a 24-7 advantage.
Three more tries in the second half gave the score a convincing edge, centre James Ellar, scrum-half Will Morecombe and winger Dan Fawcett crossing.
It was a game of two halves as Bradford & Bingley hosted Bridlington in North One East, but it was Bridlington who prevailed, winning 29-24.
Bridlington led 26-5 at the break with Paddy Waines scoring a hat-trick. Thomas Booth's try on 10 minutes had at least given Bradford & Bingley something to build on and the home side sprung into action after the break with Matthew Cochrane and Tom Cummins cutting through. They were also awarded a penalty try but Bridlington held on to secure the win.
The two bottom clubs clashed as Huddersfield YMCA narrowly beat Northern 34-31 win.
Jack Pritchard, Gavin Stead and Tom Clough scored their tries and they were also awarded a penalty try.
Conditions left Hull Ionians disappointed after their pitch passed an early inspection, but later failed a second and their London opponents Rosslyn Park had to turn back. Morley's visit to Harrogate suffered a similar fate with a late inspection overruling an earlier decision.
COLUMBUS, Ga — The Columbus Consolidated Government announces Lamore Drive will be closed for about two days starting January 2.
A press release says the roadway will be closed to all traffic between Lamore Street and Forrest Road. A contractor will be working to set up a crane that will be used to construct a new bridge on Forrest Road.
There will be signs providing detour routes along Forrest Road, Snelling Drive, and Lamore Street.
Drivers are encouraged to proceed to the area with caution.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A convoy of travellers who set up camp on green space in north Bristol have been ordered to move on.
The group have been parked on Horfield Common, at the junction of Gloucester Road and Kellayway Avenue overlooking the point where the former becomes Filton Road.
Bristol Live understands the travellers arrived at the site at some point on Saturday, April 21.
(Image: Heather Pickstock)
The convoy is believed to be made up of about six caravans, parked on a site which is popular with families and community groups in the area.
The common is home to tennis courts, a bowling green, a children's play area, a community cafe and a number of walking and running routes.
The space is also close to the Dorian Road entrance of Southmead Hospital and is also overlooked by Horfield Leisure Centre.
(Image: Google)
Although volunteers put in time to maintain Horfield Common, it is managed by Bristol City Council and the local authority has moved swiftly to serve a trespass notice while a welfare assessment will also be carried out.
A Bristol City Council spokesperson said: “The traveller sites officer visited the group yesterday and served a trespass notice. They will be returning today to complete a welfare assessment.”
DocuSign is gearing up to go public in the next six months, sources tell TechCrunch.
The company, which pioneered the e-signature, has now filed confidentially, we are hearing. Utilizing a commonly used provision of the JOBS Act, DocuSign submitted its IPO filing behind closed doors and will reveal it weeks before its public debut.
Like Dropbox, which is finally going public this week, San Francisco-based DocuSign has been an anticipated IPO for several years now. It's raised over $500 million since it was founded in 2003 and has been valued at $3 billion. Kleiner Perkins, Bain Capital, Intel Capital, GV (Google Ventures) and Dell are amongst the many well-known names which have invested in DocuSign.
But like many “unicorns” these days, the company took its time, spending 15 years as a private company. The DocuSign team decided that 2018 is the year for its debut and is targeting an IPO in either the second or third quarter.
DocuSign, which competes with HelloSign and Adobe Sign, amongst others, has been on a mission to get the world's businesses to sign documents online. The team has worked with large enterprises like T-Mobile, Salesforce, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America.
Real estate, financial services, insurance and healthcare are amongst its key industries. Legal, sales and human resource departments frequently use DocuSign to send and sign documents.
In addition to large enterprises, DocuSign also offers services for small and mid-sized businesses. Individual consumers are able to use DocuSign services, too.
The company has a tiered business model, with corporations paying more for added services. Public investors will be evaluating DocuSign both on its revenue growth and customer retention.
North America is its largest market, but it's also been focused on expanding throughout the world, including the U.K., France, Australia, Brazil, Singapore and Japan.
Since its inception, DocuSign has undergone several management changes. Early last year, Dan Springer took the helm. They were formerly CEO of Responsys, which went public and then was bought by Oracle for $1.5 billion.
Keith Krach, who is now chairperson, had been running the company since 2011. Krach was previously CEO of Ariba, which was acquired by SAP for $4.3 billion.
DocuSign declined to comment.
The past few years have been slow for tech IPOs, which is a disappointment for Silicon Valley venture capitalists who can make a lot of money this way. But for the most part, enterprise tech companies have fared better than consumer tech companies, because strong customer retention makes it easier to predict growth.
Dropbox will debut this week and Spotify is slated to go public in April through a different process known as a “direct listing.” Zuora also recently revealed its IPO filing, implying that the company is expecting to debut in the coming weeks.
IPL 2017: 5 players RCB should be looking to buy in the auctions
RCB need to build a match winning unit and could be active in the auctions this time around.
by rohit sankar Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 13:47 IST
Can Ishant Sharma be the solution to RCB's Indian fast bowling woes?
Royal Challengers Bangalore is the South African equivalent of the IPL and each year the world keenly awaits to see how the Bengaluru-based franchise performs. They have a dream batting line-up comprising of Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers, Chris Gayle and Shane Watson. But the trophy has eluded them in the tournament;s nine years of existence.
Performing when it matters is something unknown to both RCB and South Africa. They have broken quite a few records in the IPL but when it comes to striking gold, it hasn't come their way. Kohli knows it is time to end the drought and some street smart purchases in the upcoming auctions will give a huge boost to their chances.
While RCB boast of a terrific batting line-up and a brilliant seamer in Mitchell Starc, they have few Indian bowlers to boast of. That has let them down in terms of team composition because only 4 foreigners are allowed in a game in the IPL.
Here is a look at some players from the auction list that RCB should be looking at keenly.
#5 Ishant Sharma
An obvious choice for RCB, despite their Rs. 2 crore base price, Ishant Sharma returned to form in the Tests against Bangladesh. While not a critics' favourite in the shortest format of the game, Ishant is a true leader of the pack and could be the right guy for RCB who have little in terms of Indian fast bowlers.
Ishant has played in 70 IPL matches and taken 59 wickets with the best of 5/12 in 2011. While their economy and average in T20 cricket is nothing to write home about in the past two to three years, they could be used better by Kohli, who leads them in Tests.
RCB currently have only Harshal Patel, Sreenath Aravind and the uncapped Avesh Khan as Indian seamers. Having released Abu Nechim and Varun Aaron, Ishant could and should be a key target for Kohli and their men.
Ara's Favorite Tech of 2017
It's been a year with a lot of fun techs in it, but the amount that's passed through my hands is relatively small compared to my colleagues. So many new phones and an explosion of smart home devices have meant that there's never a moment technology is not touching our lives. There are some new toys that have grown near and dear to my heart, and I'm here to share them with you.
Samsung Galaxy S8 I miss carrying this phone every day. I miss its tall home screen while I'm browsing Twitter or typing out articles at the bar. I miss its gentle curves as it sat in my pocket. I miss its remarkable camera and whip-quick responsiveness … the GS8 wormed its way into my heart for the two months the SIM card in it worked, and if I could carrier unlock it, it's what I'd be rocking each and every day. It made my themes look better and helped me get more done. $729 Buy now
Samsung LevelOn Pro I've been on the Bluetooth bandwagon for years, but usually settled for cheaper, more compact models that can easily hang around my neck. This year, I was given a nibble of posher, active noise canceling headphones, and I AM NEVER GOING BACK. The Samsung LevelOn Pros fit beautifully, block plenty of noise even without ANC turned on, and the touchpad controls are heaven. Being able to smoothly shift the volume up for a section you need blasting or down during the commercials on a broadcast is addictive and I miss it terribly when I return to my compact headphones, mashing the volume buttons like a Neanderthal. $167 Buy Now
TicHome Mini Ever since I laid hands on a Google Home, I've had one desire: I want a battery powered model so I can take it from room to room without having to reboot and re-cast whatever I was listening to. Enter the TicHome Mini, which is about the size of a Google Home Mini, with a single down-facing speaker, four easy-to-spot and use buttons for volume, commands, and power/muting. The battery lasts about 6 hours away from a charger, but that's fine, because it still needs your home's Wi-Fi so you won't be going too far with it. It uses the same Micro-USB that most Android peripherals still use, so you won't be hunting down a proprietary charger like the original Google Home uses. If you've got a kid who'll want to bring Google into a pillow fort for Disney storytelling or bring it to their bedroom for help during homework, then a TicHome Mini should be great, and the IPX6 splash resistance means that it should hopefully stand up to a rough and tumble household. $99 Buy Now
Movies Anywhere I've been a fan of Disney Movies Anywhere since it came to Android years ago, and this year came the next big jump for the service: getting other studios on board. Enter Movies Anywhere, which drops the Disney name and adds four other major studios. If you still buy movies — and I know that club is shrinking — the first thing you should do if you think you want to buy one is gone check the Movies Anywhere app to see if it's supported. If it is, you can now comparison shop between the four digital stores and any stores selling DVD/Digital combo packs and see who had the best deal. If it's not supported, buy a different movie. Buy Now
Disney Emoji Blitz I don't have the time or the console/proper PC to invest in more hard-core gaming, but I confess that in the last year and a half, I have developed a slight addiction to a mobile game that should surprise absolutely no one: Disney Emoji Blitz. It's a match-three game that uses Disney character emoji rather than gems or candy as the pieces. Even better, every emoji you unlock in the game is added to the Emoji Blitz Keyboard you can use to share Disney Emoji with your friends and family online. I'll be the first to admit the Emoji Blitz keyboard needs some work, especially in regards to the thousands of objects emoji that have been unlocked over 18 months of gameplay and item challenges. Speaking of challenges, Disney Emoji Blitz has increased the frequency and variety of the challenges it presents, going from about one a month to about one a week. In a year, there's only been one bad event, and there have been dozens of new and useful emoji added, including expansions for Little Mermaid and the current Frozen expansion event. Download
Debt-laden steelmaker Jai Balaji Industries is one of the 29 NPA accounts marked in RBI's second defaulter list for bad loan resolution by 13 December. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: State-run lenders UCO Bank and Allahabad Bank have sold their entire loan exposure to Jai Balaji Industries Ltd (JBIL) to Edelweiss Asset Reconstruction Co., ahead of a deadline to begin bankruptcy proceedings against the debt-laden steelmaker, two bankers familiar with the matter said.
Jai Balaji is one of 29 NPA accounts in the second defaulter list prepared by the Reserve Bank of India (for resolution by 13 December. If the resolution does not happen by then, lenders must initiate insolvency proceedings at the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT). Jai Balaji has around Rs3,600 crore of debt, 40% of which is owed to these two banks.
“The lenders have sold it a discount by taking a 63% haircut. JBIL has been a non-performing asset (NPA) for nearly three years and banks have made 100% provisioning,” said one of the bankers cited above, on the condition of anonymity.
As per the terms of the loan sale, Edelweiss ARC will give 15% of the net asset value as upfront cash, and issue security receipts for the rest. The purchase of these loans will make Edelweiss ARC one of the largest creditors to the company.
State Bank of India (SBI), one of the lenders, is exploring the option of referring Jai Balaji to NCLT, said a third banker aware of the matter.
Emails sent to UCO Bank, Allahabad Bank and SBI seeking comment went unanswered.
With the deadline for a resolution plan ending on Wednesday, lenders are likely to refer most of these 29 cases to NCLT. Of them, accounts like Soma Enterprises Ltd and Jayaswal Neco Industries Ltd have already been approved for restructuring, said the third banker.
Others like Ruchi Soya, Castex Technologies, IVRCL, SEL Manufacturing, and Coastal Projects have been referred for insolvency proceedings.
In October, IFCI Ltd moved the Kolkata bench of NCLT, seeking initiation of insolvency proceedings against Jai Balaji under the Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code (IBC). The two parties, however, opted for an out-of-court settlement.
Jai Balaji had accumulated losses of Rs1,850 crore till 31 March 2017. The company had applied for restructuring of its debts under the Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) mechanism, which was approved in August 2012.
On Monday, shares of Jai Balaji Industries rose 4.85%, or Rs0.95, to Rs20.55 on the BSE while the benchmark Sensex gained 0.62%, or 205.49 points, to end the day at 33,455.79.
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) plans to establish a Centralized Knowledge Economy Authority (CKEA)
with an objective to making Information Technology (IT) the top contributor to exports and job creation.
The Authority, having statutory powers for procurement,
policies and regulations, will be headed by a CIO who would ensure
that a connected and shared eco-system is developed aligned to central
strategy in partnership with industry that can provide basis for
digitalization not currently possible due to isolated and
fragmented approach.
The CIO will also provide expert leadership
and will be from private sector. This is to ensure that
the authority works with a more agile mindset compared to
existing government bureaucracy.
The Party has introduced its official Digital Policy
under a Vision to transform Pakistan into a knowledge economy.
A Digital Policy document has revealed that strategic
guidance will be provided by a committee chaired by
Prime Minister, comprising Cabinet Members and Members
from the industry.
A centrally led hybrid governance model is proposed where
provinces will also appoint CIOs who will be responsible to align
provincial digital policies and programmes with national programme.
A Council comprising CIOs from Federal and Provincial
Governments will be established on sidelines of Council of
Common Interests (CCI) and will meet quarterly to review progress
and resolve conflicts/issues.
The document said PTI would leverage technology to
create jobs, increase exports and curb corruption. The party has
set an ambitious target of increasing Pakistan's IT exports to
US $ 10 billion over the next 5 years.
It has been further proposed that to boost the IT industry
of the country, the Party would focus on National Digital
Transformation Initiative and e-Government and plans to initiate
projects worth US $ 2 billion.
The projects will focus on reducing corruption, providing
services to citizens and creating and enhancing
capacity of the industry. A public-private partnership model will
be employed to execute government projects.
E-government is going to be a core focus of the PTI and
the model will be used to increase transparency. An open
government data policy will be in effect to allow citizens to
audit the government's performance.
As with any project that aims to increase digitalization, focus will
be placed on data privacy. In addition, projects and policies will be
launched to increase Pakistan's cybersecurity capacity.
Gujranwala
As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility, Allied Bank recently organized a seminar on “Transition of family owned structure to corporate structure” at Gujranwala, which was conducted by the renowned economist Dr. Ishrat Husain (Ex-Governor SBP). The objective of the seminar was to sensitize the participants with the opportunities that exist in Pakistan to evolve and grow their family owned businesses through transition of a family business into corporate structure by the means of financial inclusion, tax payments, and hiring of skilled labor and professionals.
The seminar was attended by the bank's existing and prospective relationships from different segments of the economy including Rice, Flour, Pharmaceuticals, Leather, Construction, Ceramics, Electrical, Surgical, Metal Industries and Steel Sheet products. Representatives of the SBP, members of different associations and trade bodies also attended the seminar among others. The session was highly interactive as the participants were provided ample time to ask as many questions as they desired to clarify their points.—PR
Hoffmeister to Kayak 30,000 miles Around North America
By Jeff Moag Freya Hoffmeister today announced their plan to circumnavigate the North American continent by sea kayak. The German adventurer will attempt the approximately 30,000-mile journey over the next eight to ten years, paddling in stages of three to five months. They will travel alone and self-supported most of the time, as they has
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Hyundai Vision G (HCD-16) concept Enlarge Photo
One of the six cars Genesis plans to have in its lineup by the end of 2020 is a large, luxurious coupe built more for grand touring than carving up race tracks.
Unfortunately, a previous plan to fit the car with a V-8 looks to have been axed with Genesis instead favoring an electrified powertrain. The information was confirmed to Drive by Genesis design boss Luc Donckerwolke.
“As much as I like to drive V-8s, I believe electrification is going to be a main element,” the former Bentley and Lamborghini design told the Australian publication when quizzed about a V-8 being fitted to the new coupe.
They pointed to the regulatory environment as one of the key reasons for going the electrification route.
Hyundai Vision G (HCD-16) concept Enlarge Photo
“See what's happening; diesels are being banned from the cities.” They said. “Emissions have to be reduced drastically. Today a V-8 is not exactly responding to that environment.”
Separately, Manfred Fitzgerald, the boss of Genesis, told Drive that as more cars become electrified, you're going to see performance equalize among brands and thus become less of a differentiator. They gave the example of when most cars can do 0-60 mph in less than 3.0 seconds, customers will seek other attributes such as brand recognition or the design or the level of connectivity.
The Vision G concept car from 2015 hints at what Genesis has in store for its new coupe.
There are still a few years until the car arrives, however. If a leaked product roadmap is to be believed, the coupe will be the last of Genesis' six planned cars. We've already seen the G90 and G80 sedans launched. Later this year we'll see a G70 sedan join the range and after that we'll see a mid-size SUV based on the recently-revealed GV80 concept, as well as a small SUV likely badged a GV70.
Martin was the key to two more runs, scoring on a wild pitch in the sixth and delivering a game-winning solo homer in the eighth, a much-needed response after reliever Joe Smith allowed three runs in the top of the inning to level the game late.
Two batters behind Donaldson — after Jose Bautista singled up the middle to score Ryan Goins from third — Morales smacked their 13th homer of the year into the back of the second deck for a 5-3 lead.
In hindsight, the third baseman needn't have worried, thanks to Kendrys Morales and Russell Martin, whose multi-hit games propelled the Jays to a 7-6 victory.
They missed the opportunity to bring rain; what if that was Toronto's only shot?
Josh Donaldson smacked their foot with their bat and muttered fiercely to themselves as they struck out in the fifth inning here Wednesday night, the Blue Jays down by two to the Tampa Bay Rays with runners on the corners and no outs.
The Jays will hope to carry that momentum into three consecutive series against clubs also hovering around .500: the Chicago White Sox, Texas and Kansas City.
The win earned the Jays a split in the two-game series after they suffered an 8-1 rout at the hands of their AL East rivals on Tuesday.
Starting pitcher Francisco Liriano delivered a quality start on Wednesday, just their second of the season against a team that the lefty had struggled to contain earlier in the year. It was their 100th career win, but Gibbons admitted a player's confidence can waver, even if they have been around a long time.
“Tonight was as crisp as we've seen him,” Gibbons said of the 33-year-old Liriano. “He looked like the guy we picked up last year. Good breaking ball and it looked like their fastball had some jump on it. Against a hot lineup, too. They did a hell of a job.”
Liriano limited the Rays to three runs, two earned, while striking out nine in seven innings. They cruised through their first two stints out the mound, allowing a double and nothing else. The trouble began in the third when Goins bobbled the ball before throwing to Justin Smoak at first, affording Rays' Taylor Featherson just enough time to reach the bag.
A soft ground ball to Josh Donaldson got Peter Bourjos on base, and Featherston to second, before a triple from designated hitter Corey Dickerson scored both, giving Tampa Bay the 2-0 lead.
Toronto got on the board in the bottom of the third thanks to quick feet from Morales and a little luck.
Kevin Pillar walked to lead off the inning, stole second as Donaldson struck out and reached third on a throwing error by Rays catcher Derek Norris. Bautista then walked, before Morales grounded into a force out, chugging down the first baseline just hard enough to beat out the double play and score Pillar, cutting the visitors' lead to 2-1.
The Rays responded immediately, loading the bases when apair of walks bookended a single by centre fielder Mallex Smith. The Jays were able to limit the damage to just one run, catching Steven Souza Jr. at home on a forceout before Featherston drove in Smith with a sacrifice fly to centre.
Morales's shot in the fifth frame came in the middle of a pair of 1-2-3 innings from Liriano. Nine of the DH's 13 home runs this season have either tied the game for the Jays, or given the team a lead.
Liriano handed the ball over to Smith in the top of the eighth, with the seven innings marking their longest outing of the year to date. Smith allowed a two-run homer and a sacrifice fly to tie the game but Martin hit another long ball over the left field wall in the bottom of the inning to give Smith a consolatory win.
“You give up a lead, one of our pitchers has been throwing the ball extremely well, Smitty,” Martin said. “I felt like I picked them up right there. I felt like the team, at that moment, needed that.”
The hottest cars are on display in Mid-Michigan at the Northwood University International Auto Show.
The auto show is open for its 54th year of sleek cars and souped up pickups. Families are encouraged to take a stroll at the free event.
"A very proud moment. It's a lot of hard work," said Ali Nasrallah, vice chairperson for the three day student-run event.
Nasrallah said if you like cars you need to stop by campus this weekend.
"From Ford to all the way up to Ferrari. Just different vehicles, so whatever you have a taste for it's going to be here," they said.
There's even something for NASCAR fans. The retired race car driven by Kyle Busch is on display.
"It's pretty much just like you'd see it on track. So you can stop by, take pictures with it, ask questions," said Jim Mecone, with Joe Gibbs Racing.
Mecone said the car is there as part of the team's promotional tour.
"A lot of people watch them all the time on TV, but don't get to see them up close. So that's what we bring it out for," Mecone said.
Besides giving people the chance to see the cool cars, Nasrallah said the auto show helps students by giving them a chance to experience the auto industry firsthand.
"It's really improved my resume and everything like that. And just something I won't ever forget and really help me in the future," Nasrallah said.
The auto show is open Saturday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
>>Slideshow: Northwood International Auto Show<<
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Meg Wingerter
Kansas was the only state where the obesity rate went up significantly in 2015, according to an annual report, and state officials are trying to figure out why and how to reverse the trend.
The state also lagged on vaccination rates and remained stuck in the middle on overall health, according to the America's Health Rankings Report, which was released Thursday.
Kansas ranked 27th in the report, which rates the 50 states on a broad range of measures, including health behaviors, access to care, state policies and residents' health outcomes. The state has hovered at 26th or 27th since 2013.
About 34 percent of Kansans, or one in three, were obese, according to the report. That echoes another annual report issued earlier this year by the Trust for America's Health and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which also noted that Kansas also was one of only two states whose obesity rate increased significantly between 2014 and 2015.
Missouri didn't fare much better, with 32 percent of residents classified as obese. Its obesity rate also appeared to go up, though the change was not statistically significant.
Jennifer Church, section director for community health promotion at the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, says state epidemiologists are analyzing why the obesity rate increased in Kansas when most states were holding steady and a few had decreases.
“We can't say with any certainty why Kansas is continuing to go up,” they say. “A lot of their strategies (in states where the rate decreased) look the same as what we're doing.”
Not all people who are obese develop other health problems, but extra weight does increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, stroke, arthritis and cancers in the uterus, breast, colon, kidney, gallbladder and liver, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The report estimated the United States spends about $190.2 billion annually on health issues related to obesity, and about 200,000 people die from related causes each year.
KDHE has provided programs to encourage better nutrition for about 20 years and offers grants for communities that want to include pedestrians and bicyclists in their master transportation plans, Church says.
This coming year, however, KDHE plans to put more emphasis on underserved communities, such as lower-income neighborhoods that can be overlooked when city officials discuss adding bike trails, they say.
“It's really clear who is disproportionately affected by obesity and tobacco,” they say.
Work remains on vaccines
Kansas also ranked in the bottom 10 states on the percentage of adolescents vaccinated against meningococcal disease and human papillomavirus, or HPV.
Missouri also was in the bottom 10 when it came to vaccinating all teens against meningococcal disease and female teens against HPV. It ranked 32nd for male teens, mostly due to extremely low rates in other states — only about one-quarter of Missouri boys age 13 to 17 had received an HPV shot.
Jennifer VandeVelde, director of KDHE's Bureau of Disease Control and Prevention, cautioned that the report doesn't reflect progress in 2015, however. For example, the HPV vaccination rate in Kansas for teen girls increased from about 38 percent in 2014 to about 51 percent last year, which wasn't captured in the rankings, they say.
KDHE and the Immunize Kansas Coalition are focusing on raising awareness that teens need the HPV and meningococcal vaccinations, as well as a booster to protect them against tetanus, pertussis and diphtheria, VandeVelde says. That includes talking with health providers about using the opportunity when they treat teens to offer vaccines, they say.
“While these rates are still not as high as we would like them to be, there is marked improvement noted in just one year, and we are confident that we will continue to see marked increases under our current strategies,” they said in an email.
Meg Wingerter is a reporter for KHI News Service in Topeka, a partner in the Heartland Health Monitor team. You can reach them on Twitter @meganhartMC
Serena Williams launches fashion collection of their own
Serena Williams launches fashion collection of their own
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 01:57 IST 27 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
NEW YORK (AP) — Serena Williams has launched a fashion collection soon after participating in their first major tennis tournament in 16 months, dressed in a black "warrior princess" catsuit, no less.
But don't look for their French Open outfit among the athleisure, office and evening clothes on their new namesake website , the only place their duds are available.
Following collaborations with HSN and Nike, Williams' "Serena" line includes an "S'' motif and comfortable price points.
The letter adorns bralettes and high briefs, along with a T-shirt with the name of their childhood home, Compton.
They say they hope to inspire women to own their own "s'' words, like strong, sexy, sophisticated, sassy, smart, silly and spontaneous.
Prices range from $40 for the logo T-shirt to $215 for a gold and black anorak jacket.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a 20-year-old murder victim have said there will be "no forgiveness" for their killer - and urged them to turn themselves in.
Sam Mechelewski's body was discovered by a passer-by in woodland in Hichingbrook Country Park, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday afternoon.
In a heartbreaking statement, their family said the 24 hours after their body was found were "the worst of our lives", The Cambridge News reports.
Police said a postmortem examination was carried out on Friday night, but detectives have not released details of how Sam died.
In a statement, Sam's family said: “The last 24 hours have been the worst of our lives. Sam will be greatly missed by their family and friends.
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
“Sam was no angel, but their life should not have ended this way. If anyone has information please contact the police.
“We have no forgiveness for the person who has done this, but you are also someone's child.
"I urge you to come forward and take responsibility for your actions.”
Cambridge police are conducting searches close to the scene and house to house enquiries in the area.
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
Detective Chief Inspector Adam Gallop said: “We believe this was a targeted attack that has sadly resulted in the death of a young man.
“We're slowly piecing together Sam's movements from 8pm onwards on Wednesday (January 31).
"I appeal to anyone who knows Sam and saw them that evening, or anyone who was in the park and noticed anything suspicious, to contact us as a matter of urgency.”
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
Sam was of no fixed abode but was known to be residing in the Huntingdon area.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should call police on 101 quoting CC-01022018-0198 or visit here .
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org .
Police in Anambra State has arrested one Ifeanyi Okpoko popularly known as Anagwanti, on suspicion of ritual murder.
The suspect, a metal fabricator, who hails from Umunnaama, Eziowelle town in Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State allegedly abducted a 16yr old boy identified as Chidera Ezeanya from a compound on Sunday, October 1st.
It was gathered that they allegedly tied and hung them on a hand crane and by the time Chidera's dead body was discovered the next day by the youths in the village, some vital organs were missing from their body.
An eye witness, Chukwudi Okafor said the deceased was in their compound playing on that fateful afternoon with their age mates when Ifeanyi Okpoko called him.
According to him, Chidera's play mates including himself, had thought that the man wanted to send them on an errand since all of them are from the same Umunnaama village.
They said when they waited till night without seeing him, they went to their various houses.
According to him, the next morning being Monday October 2, when they learnt that Chidera had not come back, they all went to Ifeanyi Okpoko's house in search of him, only to find tied and hung on a hand crane.
"We shouted and ran out to call elderly people in the village but before we came back, Okpoko had untied the body, put it in their car and drove out of their compound..It was later that we heard that their body had been deposited at a mortuary in Ogidi.
An octogenarian, Pa Ezekiel Uzomah who expressed shock said that what Okpoko did was an abomination.
According to him, the youths had wanted to burn the suspect's house but they were restrained from taking laws into their hands. They said the village, instead has tied palm frond around Okpoko's house as a sign of "Abomination"
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world's last male northern white rhino has died, leaving only two females of its subspecies alive in the world.
The Kenyan Conservancy taking care of him, Ol Pejeta, said they had to be put down because of the rapid decline of their health.
The decision was made with wildlife officials and the rhino's previous carers.
Sudan, the 45-year-old rhino, passed away yesterday, and now there are only two females of the subspecies left in the world.
They were being treated for age-related complications that had affected their muscles and bones and also had extensive skin wounds.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The rhino had spent two weeks in late February and early March lying in their pen due to discomfort from a deep wound on their right hind leg.
Ol Pejeta said in a statement: "His condition worsened significantly in the last 24 hours. They were unable to stand up and was suffering a great deal.
"The veterinary team from the Dver Kralove Zoo, Ol Pejeta and Kenya Wildlife Service made the decision to euthanise him."
Sudan had previously lived at the Dver Kralove Zoo in the Czech Republic before being transported to Ol Pejeta Conservancy, about 155 miles north of Nairobi.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They lived there with the last two females of the same species, 27-year old Najin and 17-year old Fatu.
After all attempts at getting them to mate naturally failed, conservationists put Sudan on dating app Tinder last year in the hope they could raise enough money to pay for a $9 million (£6.5 million) fertility treatment.
Their profile on the popular dating app reads: "I don't mean to be too forward, but the fate of my species literally depends on me.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I perform well under pressure. I like to eat grass and chill in the mud. No problems. 6 ft tall and 5,000 pounds if it matters."
A swipe right on Sudan's Tinder profile - available in 190 countries and 40 languages - directed users to the OL Pejeta donation page.
Just hours after they went online, the number of hits was so high that the Ol Pejeta website crashed.
Heather Sohl, chief adviser for wildlife at conservation charity WWF said: “The death of Sudan is heartbreaking.
"We're seeing the extinction of the northern white rhino happen right before our eyes, driven by the insatiable demand for their horns.
"To ensure other wildlife doesn't suffer this fate, we need strong action such as cutting demand, cracking down on corruption, and improving enforcement.”
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While they were nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said they aren't upset when they found out about the snub; in fact, they believe it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” they told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that they have everything going for him, and they have received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” they said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” they concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Mohammad Arshad
Experts, Monday, observed that Pakistan's relationship with the United States (US) was more of transactional nature and miscalculated its strategic relations with the US. The US interests in the past and even today in South Asia regions were totally contradicted with the national interests of Pakistan.
Experts while speaking at a special seminar titled “United States' South Asian Policy: Challenges for Pakistan” here said that Pakistan should nature of relationship with the US in view of own national interest. The biggest issue of Pakistan's foreign policy was that we don't have any foreign policy and we, mostly, react to the events rather proactively pursuing diplomacy.
President, Islamabad Policy Research Institute (IPRI) Ambassador (Retd) Abdul Basit on the occasion said mutual distrust, lack of convergence of interest and lack of mutual economic interest were the major contributing factors of poor history the US-Pakistan relationship.
“Unfortunately, our foreign policy objectives were not pursued robustly,” they said, adding that our house was not working together on foreign policy front. They further said we need to behave as mature nation rather reacting on the events.
Abdul Basit said lack of cohesion and lack of consistent policies were the major reason of poor and ineffective diplomacy. “During last four years, we have lost our space in the US diplomacy,” they said, adding that Pakistan should have achieved robust diplomacy. US approach and criticism towards CPEC and BRI was very much a lame excuse, they added.
MNA Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Dr. Shireen M Mazari and Director General SSII on the occasion said that we have had very bizarre relationship with the US. “We miss-calculated our relationship with the US as our strategic ally, which proved wrong throughout different historic events such as containment of Communism, Cold War and Now containment of China,” they said, adding that all this was not in interest of Pakistan, but of the US as its regional interest.
Dr Shireen Mazari said building of India as regional power, isolation of Iran and containment of China were the major US interests in South Asia region. “Our national interest did not converge with the interest of the US,” they said, adding that US can never our natural strategic ally, though, issues might of common nature, but the interests are totally different.
“We need to revise our relationship with the US and should create space now,” said Dr Mazari, adding that Pakistan should strengthen its relationship with China and Iran without compromising its position. Dr Mazari said for past several decades Pakistan had no foreign policy. Lack of policy and lack of confidence had put Pakistan on the back burner, they added. Vice President, Centre for Global and Strategic Studies Major General (Retd) Hafiz Masroor Ahmed said that Pakistan should not be compromising its own national interest and continue to strengthen its relation with China and Afghanistan.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers. iStock
NEARLY 60 per cent of cells in the body are not actually human, according to scientists.
Human cells make up just 43 per cent of our total cell count, while the rest are microscopic tenants that are essential for our wellbeing.
The hidden half of our body is called our microbiome, and experts studying it could unlock new ways of tackling diseases, from allergy to Parkinson's.
Microscopic creatures, including bacteria, viruses, fungi and archaea, cover your entire body.
"They are essential to your health,” says Prof Ruth Ley, of the Max Planck Institute, "your body isn't just you”.
The highest concentration of this microscopic life lives in our oxygen-deprived bowels.
Prof Rob Knight, from University of California San Diego, told the BBC: "You're more microbe than you are human.”
At first, boffs thought our cells were outnumbered 10 to one, but the prof said: "That's been refined much closer to one-to-one, so the current estimate is you're about 43% human if you're counting up all the cells”.
Scientists are rapidly uncovering the role microbial material plays in digestion, regulating the immune system, protecting against disease and manufacturing vital vitamins.
Prof Knight said: "We're finding ways that these tiny creatures totally transform our health in ways we never imagined until recently.”
This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
The assassination of North Korean leaders Kim Jong-un's half-brother in broad daylight at an international airport was a resemblance to a scene from a spy movie, featuring a fugitive high-profile figure and undercover agents in action.
The two female assassins, presumed to be highly-trained special agents, seemed to remind the world of the 20th century, when purging by guns and poisons were not uncommon in the political arena.
Malaysian media The Star's online edition reported Wednesday that the local police set to analyzing the closed circuit television data of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
(Yonhap)
It was here that Kim Jong-nam, the 46-year-old elder half-brother of the North Korean leader, was killed by an unidentified toxic substance at around 9 a.m. on Monday. It was only later that the victim turned out to be the alienated brother of the communist state chief.The CCTV records showed one of the two female figures who approached Kim -- a relatively young, tourist-looking woman wearing a white-colored long-sleeve T-shirt and a mini skirt.But their agile figure and sharp moves led to rampant speculations that she, as well as their partner, was a well-trained special agent dedicated to secret missions, including high-profile assassinations.It has been common for the North Korean regime to train women -- usually distinguished by their attractive looks and sociable behavior -- as special agents.Their prime role is to put the target off guard and speedily eliminate the “enemy,” often using stealthy means such as poisoned needles or close-range shooting.It was also on such backgrounds that a number of female espionage agents were caught over the past decades while in action in South Korea.This time, the two agents were determined not to miss out on their target, who has long been a subject of annoyance for their state leader.Both of them reportedly turned on Kim while they were facing the check-in kiosk for their flight for Macau, one grasping them from the back and the other spraying toxic substance onto theirs face.While the two aggressors fled and disappeared from view by taxi, Kim complained of severe pain, upon which they were moved to the airport's first-aid center and then to a general hospital downtown. They died on the way.By Bae Hyn-jung ( tellme@heraldcorp.com
Coming soon to a Pixel near you.
Alongside the update to Android 8.1, Google slipped in a feature originally shown off at the Pixel 2 launch event. AR Stickers, the camera mode which allows you to drop augmented reality objects into your photos, has arrived! What originally sounded like a silly gimmick now has me looking for excuses to toss in a couple of fun extras into whatever photo I am about to take. I find myself reaching to use it in situations where I wouldn't normally take a photo, after only a couple of days having it on my phone.
Here's a quick look at how it works, and how I'm using it!
Quick to launch, easy to use
AR Stickers aren't a separate camera app on your Pixel. Instead, it lives right inside the Google Camera app. You access it just like you would Portrait Mode, by tapping the Menu button on the side of the camera and selecting AR Stickers as an option. Once you're in this camera mode, you'll see the standard video and photo button options underneath a host of augmented reality characters for you to drop into your shot.
Adding an AR Sticker to your shot is easy. You swipe through the options, drag the option you want into the shot, and once you release your finger that character springs to life. Once a character is placed, you can move it around and adjust the size as you see fit. This allows you to create tiny scenes on a table in front of you or life-sized scenes on the street next to you with ease, but the real magic happens as you move around the scene you've created.
Google's AR Core tech makes it possible to position an AR Sticker and move around it as though it was really there. Get closer, and it feels closer. Walk around it, and you can see every angle. Best of all, as you move around the characters you've placed the lighting and shadows around them will change to look and feel more realistic.
For all of this to work, AR Core has a couple of cues for different environments. In ideal lighting situations, you will briefly see an array of white dots on the surfaces AR Core can detect when the camera opens. If the lighting is questionable or the surfaces in the shot aren't idea, the camera will prompt you to slowly move the camera in a circle in front of you. This gives the camera a little more information to create the depth map needed for AR Stickers to feel real in the shot. You can still place AR Stickers if this depth map hasn't been created, but there's a huge difference in realism if you take a moment to set the shot up correctly.
Porgs and sleepy coffee cups and balloons!
Google promised a healthy selection of AR Stickers at launch, and as long as you're a fan of Stranger Things and Star Wars you'll agree that promise has been kept. We've seen the shot from the Pixel 2 launch where Eleven sends the Demogorgon back to the Upside Down, but that Sticker pack has a lot more to offer with most of the popular characters from the first season. To get in on hype for The Last Jedi, there's also a Sticker pack with everyone's favorite droids alongside Porgs and some of the more action-oriented fighting vehicles. Google's intention here is to keep this section fresh with lots of pop culture Sticker packs, which means it probably won't be too long before we see Game of Thrones and Avengers joining this set up.
But there's more than just the latest characters from that new movie. Google's own creation, dubbed Foodmoji, offer some emotional food and drink to help tell whatever story you're trying to tell. My personal favorite is the sleepy coffee cup, but most of these characters do a great job putting a smile on your face as you enhance your photo or video. You'll also find a series of balloons you can use to spell out basically anything. This gives you a little more direct control to say something in a photo, and each balloon set gives you the ability to change the colors and adjust the height as you place the Sticker. Finally, a set of generally silly Stickers, like a roller skate with wings and a pile of cash, exists to give you something for as many occasions as possible.
Go forth and Sticker everything
Overall, AR Stickers are a success. Google delivered a healthy selection, promises to offer more, and the stickers themselves are a lot of fun to use in both photos and video. When compared to standalone augmented reality sticker apps like Bemo on iOS, it's clear Google's AR Stickers not only significantly more capable but generally more fun to use.
The only thing I feel this experience is missing right now is the ability to use the front camera for photos and video. A shot of the Demogorgon screeching over my shoulder, or a Porg sitting on my head, would be amazing but technically very difficult. Google's made no promises to use the front camera in the future, but it'd be nice to have if there's a way to make it work without sacrificing quality.
Of course, there's one other general downside to AR Stickers: if you don't own a Pixel or Pixel 2, you don't get them. This camera update will be rolling out with Android 8.1, but it's going to be a Pixel exclusive and there's currently no plans to change that. The good news, at least for Pixel fans, is this feature is absolutely good enough for Google to keep making it better all the time.
Test Boost Elite For you to build muscle not fats, you simply must take many fats. Healthy and balanced body fat comparable to men and women attained inside nut products, sebum, greasy pike, as well as various slim beef are great for skin as well as hormonal unbalances works, and they're an awesome source about unhealthy calories, likewise! They don't boost versions insulin levels along with induce instant weight storage devices the simplest way having lots of glucose or perhaps food made of starch can certainly, nonetheless they can easily however allow you to fulfill your present gram calorie would like intended for muscle groups raises.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
KARACHI: Advisor to the Prime Minister on Finance and Economic Affairs Dr Miftah Ismail Monday said the Ministry of Finance would soon set up a separate division for increased support to the fast growing Islamic banking.
A meeting of the Committee for Implementation of the Recommendations of Steering Committee for Promotion of Islamic Banking would also be convened soon, Dr Miftah said while speaking here at a two-day World Islamic Finance Forum (WIFF-2018).
The international forum has been organized by Institute of Business Administration's Centre for Excellence in Islamic Finance (CIEF) in collaboration with key partners with the theme “Expanding the Footprint of Islamic Finance: Innovation, Fintech and Regulations”.
The advisor said the government would soon launch Rs 100 million Sukuk bonds for Islamic banking industry to strengthen its liquidity position in pursuance of its mission of fast growth of Islamic financing in the country.
Highlighting the performance of PML-N government, Dr Miftah said, “We are set to achieve 6 per cent gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate, the highest rate during the last decade.”
They hoped that the 6% GDP growth rate would help create a lot of job opportunities. The country had the potential to even achieve 8 to 10 per cent growth rate. It had huge coal deposits in Tharparker with estimated market value of Rs 9 trillion. There was a big stock of copper and many other natural resources in Balochistan, which should be utilized to the optimum level, they added.
They said the government had removed the basic bottlenecks in getting higher economic growth, including energy shortage, law and order, and red tape for the business people and industrialists.
They underlined the need for further simplification of procedure of doing business and reducing the number of taxes, saying the government was moving forward to achieve those targets.
They said, “I am trying to resolve the business community's problems.” The next budget would aim at maximizing the economic growth instead of maximizing revenue, they added.
Miftah said the government was going to announce an amnesty scheme during the current month. However, there would be certain checks to stop its misuse, they added.
They said in the coming budget, the rate of tax on individuals income would be reduced to support the common man.
Chairman, Shariah Board of The Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) Shaikh Muhammad Taqi Usmani said the people of Pakistan origin, who were holding key positions in Islamic banking industry around the world, were making contribution in developing regulatory framework and above all developing products that were meeting the emerging needs of trade and industry.
They urged the government to take concrete steps for making the economy riba (interest) free in absolute terms.
Taqi Usmani pointed out that Islamic financial institutions had excess liquidity and the government should work on creating avenues for its investment.
“I would suggest the ruling party to include in its election manifesto that riba would be eradicated totally from economy at the earliest,” they said.
Chairman AAOIFI Board of Trustees, Bahrain Shaikh Ebrahim Bin Khalifa Al Khalifa, who was the chief guest, said, “It is heartening to note that Pakistan is striving to become another hub of Islamic finance. It has all the basic ingredients — a population of 200 million predominantly Muslims, a robust banking and finance sector, vibrant agriculture, industrial and services sectors.”
The apex regulators – State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan, they said, were playing a proactive role. The progress made over the last decade was encouraging, which guaranteed that achieving the target would not be difficult, they added.
Meezan Bank President Irfan Siddiqui requested the federal government to set a target to acquire at least 25 per cent of the local funding through Islamic banking as Islamic financial institutions had excess liquidity and limited avenues for investment.
SBP deputy governors Jameel Ahmad and Shamsul Hasan spoke of the central bank's initiatives to promote Islamic banking in the country.
CEIF- IBA Chairman and former SBP governor Dr Ishrat Husain deliberated on Islamic banking and its future potential.
CEIF- IBA Director Ahmed Ali Siddiqui, welcoming the delegates, said the centre had emerged as a regional platform for excellence in Islamic finance.
They said focus areas of CEIF included development of Islamic finance professionals and new human resources talent pool through industry linkages and international collaborations.
Panel discussions were also held, which were participated by senior bankers.—APP
When Anishinaabe scholar Hayden King surveys the Canadian think-tank landscape, they often see the same names cited over and over again as experts on Indigenous issues. These researchers have become go-to media pundits on everything from the Trans Mountain pipeline to crises on reserves, with impressive biographies listing studies, books and awards.
Indigenous scholar Hayden King is launching Canada's first Indigenous-led think tank at Ryerson University.  They are working with Shiri Pasternak (the research director of the Institute) as they open up the Yellowhead Institute next week. ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star ) Tom Flanagan in their office at the University of Calgary's Department of Political Science in 2007 ( Larry MacDougal photo )
But rarely do they have the one feature that would make them particularly well suited to understanding the communities they study: being Indigenous. “It's basically a tradition in this country to go to a ‘white Indian expert' for comment on Indigenous issues,” says King, an adviser to the dean of arts on Indigenous education at Ryerson University. “When it comes to Indigenous issues, there has been a very long history of actually ignoring the people that government should be paying attention to when it comes to developing policy — and that's Indigenous people themselves.”
Article Continued Below
If King has their way, however, that's about to change. On Tuesday, the writer and educator is launching what he's describing as Canada's first Indigenous-led think tank: the Yellowhead Institute, which will be based at Ryerson. The institute will start with a new report providing an analysis of the federal government's new legislation on Indigenous issues. In the tradition of many high-profile think tanks, King named the institute after a leader they admire: Chief William Yellowhead, who belonged to the same community as King's ancestors and whose traditional territory stretched from what's now east Toronto to Muskoka. (The Muskoka township is believed to have been named after Yellowhead, whose Anishinaabe name is Misko Aki). With one exception, Yellowhead's seven-person advisory board is entirely Indigenous and its research director is Ryerson assistant professor Shiri Pasternak, a non-Indigenous ally who has worked extensively with First Nations communities for more than a decade. So far, the institute has tapped two researchers who identify as Indigenous, with plans of adding more. King wants the institute to support First Nations as they move toward self-determination in addition to working with students and communities, educating the public, and mentoring the next generation of Indigenous thinkers. They said Yellowhead's work will hold elected leaders to account, including First Nations governments like the Assembly of First Nations, which has faced intense criticism for “failing to adequately respond to what communities are saying.”
“I suspect we might be unpopular for those in power across the spectrum,” King said. In this era of truth and reconciliation — and with the Trudeau government's plan to create a new legal framework for Indigenous rights — the need to amplify Indigenous voices has never been more urgent, they added.
Article Continued Below
“This is the most active period of legislature on Indigenous issues in Canadian history since the turn of the last century. The federal government will determine things like what Aboriginal rights are in legislation,” they said. “The stakes are high. (This moment) will set the trajectory for the next 100 years.” The Yellowhead Institute is technically a new iteration of a previous research centre, which was founded at Ryerson several years ago but effectively went defunct after suffering from inadequate support. King said the big difference now is that the institute has the full backing of Ryerson's dean of arts, Pamela Sugiman, who is committing “several thousands” from their faculty budget. (The rest will be fundraised.) “I really want to move beyond the rhetoric to do something meaningful and I don't think people who are not Indigenous can do that. I think it needs to be led by Indigenous scholars,” Sugiman said. “We have to step back a little bit and provide some resources.” But why do think tanks matter? While their roles and influence can be overstated or tricky to measure, they have potential to make enormous impacts, said Donald Abelson, a political science professor at Western University and expert on think tanks. This is because they bridge two influential worlds: academia and policy, they said. Think tanks become go-to resources for journalists and when successful, they can drive the public conversation or even shape government policy. “The idea is for them to inject ideas in such a way that government and citizens will take note of,” Abelson said. Pasternak said the positioning of Yellowhead as a think tank was intentional. She's tired of seeing the same researchers quoted over and over again in media outlets; they also suggest that think tanks like the Fraser Institute or Canada 2020 are funded by, or affiliated with, corporations and industries that sometimes work against First Nations' interests. (Yellowhead wants to avoid taking money from government or industry.) Both King and Pasternak say there is a dearth of Indigenous representation. The Star asked 13 leading think tanks in Canada whether they have “in-house” experts who identify as Indigenous. Five organizations — mostly centrist or left-leaning — identified 17 Indigenous researchers who they consider “fellows” or “associates,” some working on short-term contracts. But non-Indigenous pundits tend to take up a disproportionate amount of airtime. A particularly controversial researcher is the Fraser Institute's Tom Flanagan, a former Stephen Harper adviser who authored a book called First Nations? Second Thoughts and “has a very long history of racist and paternalistic policy prescriptions on First Nations issues,” according to King. Flanagan told the Star that their current research is focused on the success of First Nations and they are “neither pro nor against Indigenous peoples as such,” but a scholar interested in the issues. In the past decade, Flanagan was mentioned in 112 articles that contained the words “Indigenous,” “First Nations” or “Aboriginal” in Canada's national newspapers, the Globe and Mail and National Post, and Toronto's two major dailies, the Toronto Sun and Toronto Star. They also authored 32 articles, the vast majority in the Globe. To compare, the Star searched those same newspapers' archives for mentions of the 17 Indigenous researchers currently affiliated with major think tanks. During the same time frame, only Cindy Blackstock — a prominent child welfare activist who joined the Broadbent Institute last year — was cited more frequently than Flanagan in stories that mention Indigenous, Aboriginal or First Nations people. The other 16 researchers were only collectively cited 82 times. Meanwhile, only five of the Indigenous researchers had articles published by these newspapers, with the majority written by Joseph Quesnel, Flanagan's colleague at the right-leaning Fraser Institute. King believes that whenever policy or legislation is being developed that could impact Indigenous people, their voices and expertise should be consulted and prioritized — not researchers who are not involved in the day-to-day experiences of Indigenous people and communities. “(We) hear the same tired lines every time there's a crisis on a reserve. ‘Why don't we just move them away' — these totally decontextualized and often racist and parochial understandings and depictions of Indigenous people,” Pasternak said. “We're really tired of it and we feel like there are so many incredible thinkers and visionaries with important reconstructive ideas for changing the relationship with Canada. “Those voices need to be foregrounded. That time is now.” With files from the Toronto Star library
The Canmore Eagles continue to have trouble taking wing as January turned into February.
The hometown Eagles were handed their 11th loss in their last 13 games as the visiting Spruce Grove Saints soared to an 8-3 victory Friday night in an Alberta Junior Hockey League game played before 403 fans at the Canmore Recreation Centre.
The Saints, who lead the North Division and are second overall in the AJHL, got one goal and two assists from Chris Van Os-Shaw, who tops the league in scoring and was coming into this game as the junior A loop's January player of the month.
Van Os-Shaw scored their league leading 42nd goal and with the two assists increased their points total to 76 on the season through 49 games.
“That was a lesson learned. Their top line is elite in this league … our guys should have been prepared to check (Van Os-Shaw) a little bit tighter but we got caught watching tonight,” said Eagles assistant coach Evan McFetters, who was the acting head coach for this game. More on this later.
Chase Olsen, who was acquired from the Olds Grizzlys at the January trade deadline, scored twice to give them 21 goals on the season. They also picked up two assists and has nine goals and 19 points in nine games with the Saints.
Other Spruce Grove goals came from Damon Zimmer (his 5th this season), Tanner Hickey (6), TJ Lloyd (4), Josh Harris (18) and Graeme Bryks (11).
Canmore goals came from Jesse Sheen (2), Jake Ashton (21) and Justin Giacomin (1).
Spruce Grove outshot Canmore 45-21 with Thomas Davis (11-22, 4.02 GAA) in goal for the Eagles and Hayden Missler (12-4, 2.48) in goal for the Saints.
“When you play a team like Spruce Grove, it takes all four line going,” said McFetters, who then complimented the play of the Eagles fourth line. “I thought the Giacomin, [Ty] Budai and [Daniel] Fisher line got it. They realized they had to play simple, dump pucks in and finish the checks.
“Some of our other guys didn't have that same mindset and the puck ended up in the back of our net. It left us chasing the game.”
The Eagles were without head coach Andrew Milne and forward Taden Rattie for this game. Rattie received a three-game suspension for a match penalty taken after the final whistle of the Eagles' last game: a 3-2 loss on Jan. 28 to the Calgary Canucks. Milne was banned for one game for not controlling their players after the final whistle.
Friday's loss extended Canmore's current losing streak to four games as the team won just two of 11 games in January: both of those coming against the Grizzlys.
Jesse Sheen, playing their 100th game as an Eagle, opened the scoring at 1:05 of the first period.
It would take the Saints just 35 seconds to reply with Olsen scoring their first of the game.
Zimmer would give the Saints the lead at 13:08 of the period.
Ashton would knot the score at 2-2 at 16:29.
Olsen's second of the period came at 19:44 gave the Saints a 3-2 lead at the first break. It would also start a six-goal run for the Spruce Grove.
Hickey and Lloyd scored in the second period to make it 5-2 after 40 minutes.
Van Os-Shaw, Harris and a shorthanded goal by Bryks made it 8-2 by 5:53 of the third period.
On the same penalty that Byrks scored, the Eagles would come back with a power-play goal by Giacomin at 6:51 to end the scoring. For the Eagles' rookie it was their first junior A goal coming in their 39th game.
Canmore is now 19-28-2 on the season and in seventh place in the South.
They are now just six points ahead of Olds (15-32-4) who picked up a single point in losing 4-3 in a shootout to the Camrose Kodiaks (18-19-11).
The Kodiaks and Calgary Canucks (23-25-1) -- who defeated the Drayton Valley Thunder 5-2 -- moved seven points ahead of Canmore and share fourth place.
The Calgary Mustangs (20-26-5) were idle on Friday.
Spruce Grove improved its North best record to 38-8-3.
Canmore hosts the Sherwood Park Crusaders (22-24-2, North fifth) on Saturday, 7 p.m. at the Canmore Rec Centere. The Crusaders lost 6-1 to the Brooks Bandits (36-11-1, South second) on Friday.
EAGLES NEST: The game featured just five minor penalties with the Eagles 1-for-3 on the power play and the Saints going 1-for-2. … Also missing from the Eagles' bench was Jeremy Reich due to personal reasons. … The Eagles dressed just 17 skaters as they did not fill Rattie's spot in the lineup. … Colton Young picked up two assists and continues to lead the Eagles in scoring, now at 48 points (16G-32A), moving them inside the to 20 in the league.
RUllyot@postmedia.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Rochester third baseman Tommy Field, left, attempts to tag RailRiders' Gleyber Torres, who overslid third base on their two-run triple in the fourth inning. Torres was safe on the play, which tied the game for the RailRiders. JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER RailRiders' second baseman Donovan Solano looks to throw the ball as Rochester's Zack Granite is caught in a rundown.
MOOSIC — The second pitch could've changed things.
Mason Williams stood at the plate.
Bases loaded, two outs in the eighth inning. The RailRiders trailed Rochester by a run, and Williams got ahead in the count by taking a first-pitch ball.
Rochester reliever Michael Tonkin's next pitch ran inside, forcing the left-handed Williams to jump out of the way.
Only, the home plate umpire called it a strike.
Instead of putting Williams in the driver's seat with a 2-0 count, it evened at 1-1.
“It's frustrating for a split second, but you've really got to turn the page quick because at the end of the day, I'm still in the middle of an at-bat,” Williams said.
The RailRiders center fielder worked themselves into a full count, then looked for a pitch they could drive.
Williams hit a go-ahead, two-run double down the right-field line and the RailRiders edged Rochester, 6-5, in a back-and-forth game at PNC Field on Wednesday night.
“I'm just looking for something over the plate, something I could put a good swing on and barrel up,” Williams said.
Gleyber Torres tripled, Kyle Higashioka homered and each drove in a pair of runs for the RailRiders.
Joe Mantiply pitched 1⅔ scoreless innings to earn the win and J.R. Graham got the final out to notch the save.
Rochester squared up RailRiders starter Brady Lail early, with John Ryan Murphy and Bengie Gonzalez smacking two-out singles in the second inning. Lail got out of the jam with their third strikeout.
They didn't get out of the third as easily.
Zack Granite drove a double down the left-field line to start the inning, then scored when J.B. Shuck lined a double off the wall in right. Lail got the next two batters, but Niko Goodrum gave Rochester a 2-0 lead with a towering double deep to right-center.
Higashioka trimmed the lead to 2-1 by blasting a leadoff homer — one of their three hits — in the third, only to see the Red Wings get the run back in fourth thanks to an RBI single by Granite.
Then, the RailRiders responded.
Tyler Austin started the fourth with a double and Clint Frazier moved them up a base with a line-drive single to center. Torres worked themselves into a good count and slammed a 2-1 fastball the opposite way to the wall in deep right center for a two-run triple.
“(Getting) better every day,” said Torres, who is hitter .333 with four extra-base hits in their last 10 games. “Keep working and play hard.”
Higashioka drove in Torres with a rocket single for a 4-3 lead.
Rochester took a 5-4 lead in the seventh inning, sending Lail out with two more runs on Matt Hague's double just inside the first-base line. Lail gave up five runs on 10 hits in six innings.
Greg Bird started the RailRiders' go-ahead rally in the eighth inning with a walk and Austin followed with a broken-bat single to center. Tonkin retired the next two batters, but Higashioka extended the inning by drawing a walk on a 3-2 pitch.
“I have to give a lot of credit to Higgy, to Kyle Higashioka, giving me an opportunity to even get up in that situation,” Williams said. “He hit before me, had a good at-bat and drew a walk for bases loaded.”
Williams doubled in the two runs, and the RailRiders improved to 20-9 at PNC Field this season.
Contact the writer:
cfoley@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@RailRidersTT on Twitter
July 18, 2018 | 1 pm CT | 2 pm ET
Interested a safer, more efficient approach to cleaning your heat exchanger tubes? Attend this webinar and learn about Conco's TruFit™, HydroDrill™ and Excaliber™ tube cleaning systems.
Using safe, low-pressure water in conjunction with a variety of pigs, brushes and drill bits specifically sized to your tube I.D.s, these systems work together to thoroughly remove deposits from your heat exchanger tubes. No more worries about hydroblasting at 20,000 to 40,000 PSI. Conco's TruFit systems operate at under 700 PSI. In addition to safety offered by utilizing low-pressure water, these systems require smaller crews and a much smaller environmental footprint than hydroblasting.
This allows for the equipment to be placed closer to the heat exchanger and reduce the size of the work area and safety zone. Also, by contacting the full length of the tubes, Conco's systems provide thorough removal of deposits including the ends and around any bends, areas often left untouched by hydroblasting.
Speakers:
Tim Meyer, General Manager, Conco Services Corporation
Tim Meyer is the General Manager of Conco's national Industrial Division. Tim oversees client relations, the Industrial sales team and all Industrial Division employees. Since joining Conco in 2010, Tim has sold over seven million dollars in products and services, and their projects have been completed safely and without an OSHA recordable event.
Tim earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Construction Management from Northeast Louisiana University and has completed over 2000 hours of continuing education classes in Safety and Operations for the Petrochemical Industry.
Sponsored by Evoqua Water Technologies | Brought to you by BIC Magazine
In just the latest example of how far America's telecoms regulator is in the pockets of the cable giants, its panel scrutinizing US broadband rollouts has been heavily stacked with industry executives.
The Broadband Deployment Advisory Committee (BDAC) was announced by FCC chairperson Ajit Pai in January, and formally launched [PDF] in April, where Pai said it would be charged with "getting to work on recommendations that will help break down barriers to broadband deployment."
An analysis of the committee's 30 members by The Center for Public Integrity, however, reveals that the cable industry dominates the committee, to the detriment of local city and state officials – even though the main impact of the group's recommendations will be on these public officials.
Of the 30 members, a majority – 16 – work for telecoms companies: AT&T, Comcast, and Sprint included. A further four work for Big Cable trade associations. Of the remaining 10, most are notable for their public support of Pai. Only three of the 30 are local or state officials.
What makes the selection process all the more questionable, however, is the fact that, according to the The Center for Public Integrity, no less than 64 city and state officials put their names forward for the committee, including a significant number who have first-hand experience of the very issues that the committee is expected to provide recommendations on.
Hysterical
One of them, Gary Carter, told the center that when they called the FCC to check on progress of the committee's selection and identified themselves as an employee of the City of Santa Monica "the gentleman on the phone laughed hysterically."
They went on: "At first I didn't get the joke. When I saw the appointees for the municipal working group – only three out of 24 positions were from local government – I got the joke."
The FCC has not explained how it made its selection, nor has it identified which of its staff made the selection based on what criteria. The federal watchdog has also refused to explain its decision to give telecoms companies and their association a two-thirds majority on the committee nor why local and state officials have only been given three seats.
That majority means that any recommendations resulting from the committee will effectively emanate directly from the cable industry. Traditionally, the entire point of advisory committees is to get all sides to work on an issue and put forward recommendations that almost everyone can agree on. That, in theory, puts the federal regulator in the position of only introducing what has already been worked through, rather than be forced to act as an advocate for its own policies.
Often that system breaks down and a regulator is forced to decide whether to do nothing or take one position over another. But by stacking a committee at the very beginning with one predominant group, the FCC is giving up all pretense of neutrality.
The reason a balance between public officials and industry executives is crucial in this case is because of the work the committee will undertake.
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:08 am |
The Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the ‘Big Ben' bell, is seen above the Houses of Parliament, in central London, Monday. (Reuters/Neil Hall)
LONDON (AP) - Big Ben will fall silent next week in London as a major restoration project gets underway.
The bongs of the iconic bell will be stopped on Aug. 21 to protect workers during a four-year, 29-million-pound ($38 million) conservation project that includes repair of the Queen Elizabeth Tower, which houses Big Ben and its clock.
Steve Jaggs, keeper of the Great Clock, said Monday that the mechanism will be dismantled piece by piece and its four dials will be cleaned and repaired.
Big Ben has been stopped several times since it first sounded in 1859, but the current restoration project will mark the longest period of silence for the bell.
It will still sound on big occasions, such as Remembrance Sunday.
“My preliminary findings point to the respondent having attempted to improperly influence the decision of the council of the City of Vaughan by inaccurately conveying the position of the TRCA and suggesting that the TRCA had withdrawn its objection to the development when it had not,” said Craig in an interim report posted online Tuesday, which will be brought to council next week.
Craig's findings allege that Di Biase contravened the city's code of conduct around the “improper use of influence” after they gave inaccurate information to decision-makers on each board that led to an outcome in favour of development at 230 Grand Trunk Ave. in Maple.
Di Biase, who stepped down last month after decades in office, held a seat at the city, at the Region of York and was the vice-chair of the TRCA, an agency responsible for advising municipalities on the protection of lands.
In their second probe into former councillor Michael Di Biase in as many months, the city's integrity commissioner Suzanne Craig, found the veteran politician “used their position to improperly influence” the decisions of city officials and those with the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority (TRCA) to assist a local landowner in getting approvals to develop on environmentally sensitive lands.
In the report, Di Biase said that while “disagreement between members of the (TRCA) board may occur on occasion” it does not mean they “were misled in any way.”
Contacted Wednesday, Di Biase said they delivered their response to Craig on Tuesday, and “will make it available” after Craig's final report is published. They said they did not want to comment until then.
“My preliminary findings further point to the respondent's subsequent attempt to improperly influence the TRCA Board,” they said.
Last month, the veteran politician resigned after an unrelated ethics probe by Craig found they had sexually harassed a city worker. Di Biase has maintained their innocence throughout.
The Star has reported on the controversy around the lands at 230 Grand Trunk Ave., which had long been considered to be environmentally sensitive by the city and region. The previous landowner, Eugenio Iacobelli, had even been required to pay a fine to the Region of York after they chopped down a woodlot on the lands, frustrated with their inability to develop the lands.
After Iacobelli died, the property was bought by developer Cam Milani. Soon after, the city told residents that an Ontario Municipal Board settlement had been reached to allow for part of the land to be developed.
Milani has not been named in Craig's report, and there is no evidence of wrongdoing.
After years of support from the municipality, residents wondered how the land, which had been considered off-limits for decades, managed to get a stamp of approval from the TRCA and the City of Vaughan.
The unidentified complaint alleges Di Biase, who was vice-chair of the TRCA at the time, “improperly used their influence” to convince fellow councillors during a June 2015 closed-session meeting that the TRCA had no outstanding concerns about the proposed development of 230 Grand Trunk Ave. The complaint alleges that Di Biase then inaccurately suggested to them the TRCA was likely going to withdraw from a pending OMB hearing.
Craig's investigation, which included interviews with 15 people from the city, York Region and TRCA, as well as audio recordings, documents and emails, sheds some light as to what took place behind closed doors.
According to Craig, the TRCA told residents that it opposed the developers' appeal but that it was “working towards a settlement that would address the outstanding environmental concerns.”
But on the day of the settlement, the TRCA said it was “placed in the unique situation” of attending an OMB hearing without any support from the city, municipality or regional partners.
Thus, as a member of the city and region councils and the TRCA, Di Biase, the investigation alleges, said “inaccurate” and “misleading” things about what the municipality could do, or planned to do, in order to influence the outcome of the OMB decision.
“Despite the respondent's attempts to persuade the TRCA to withdraw from the proceeding, the TRCA board continued to oppose the appeal,” Craig wrote. At the same time, Di Biase told residents the “city's hands were tied,” suggesting that the city had no say or influence in the settlement deal, which was not true.
Di Biase was also in “the unique position of being able to vote on a decision to enter into a settlement agreement with the landowner of the proposed development, and being on the agency that had responsibility for advising municipalities on what lands should be protected,” they said.
Because Di Biase is no longer a sitting member of council, Craig is unable to recommend a sanction. The report will come to council next week.
Despite their resignation after the sexual harassment allegations, Di Biase is still entitled to severance, the city has confirmed. It has not yet said how much they will be getting in the payout.
This is not the first time Di Biase's actions have come into question. Two years ago, another probe by Craig found they used intimidation and abusive language to pressure city staff who opposed their interference in the city's tendering process and their efforts to secure municipal projects for a local contracting company.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 35-year-old man has been charged with the murders of a mother and daughter at their home in St Leonards, Sussex, police have confirmed.
Heather Whitbread, 53, and their daughter Michelle Savage, 32, were gunned down on Friday evening.
Heather's 24-year-old daughter Raven, who is pregnant with a baby girl, is thought to have been led from the property to safety by firearms officers following the incident.
They and another woman - who was also led from the house in Bexhill Road- were taken to hospital, police said. They were uninjured but suffering from shock.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Police this evening charged Craig Savage, 35, with the murders. Investigators have previously confirmed that the suspect was known to the victims.
In a statement, released through Sussex Police after their deaths, the women's relatives said: "Heather and Michelle were both beautiful people that filled our family with laughter.
"They were both special, generous and kind people who loved life, but most of all their family.
"They will both be sorely missed leaving a gap that can never be filled.
"We now just wish to be left to grieve in private as a family."
(Image: PA)
Armed cops swarmed on the quiet seaside town just before 8pm on Friday. Several roads were locked down in the wake of the shooting, which police said was "not a random act".
After emergency crews descended on the scene, firearms officers led two women - believed to include Raven - to safety from the house, before they were hospitalised with shock.
Sussex Police said: "Officers responded immediately to a report of the shooting at 7.43pm.
"Firearms officers were able to lead two other women, one of whom is pregnant, from the house to safety and they were taken to hospital. Both were uninjured but suffering from shock."
North Korea attempted to fire a missile Sunday, but it blew up within seconds.
It happened one day after the anniversary of the country's founding.
While North Korea's missile program may be the shadowiest on earth, it's possible that US cyber warriors were the reason for the failed launch.
Neema Bahrami, left, and Jacque Azevrdo hug outside the Pulse nightclub one day before the one year anniversary of the shooting on June 11, 2017, in Orlando, Florida. Omar Mateen killed 49 people at the club a little after 2 a.m. on June 12, 2016. (Photo: Joe Raedle / Getty Images)
Orlando, Fla. — The wife of the gunman who opened fire at a gay nightclub in Florida is asking a judge to dismiss one of the counts she's facing.
Noor Salman is arguing that an obstruction charge against them was filed in the wrong venue.
The motion requesting the charge to be dropped was filed Monday, as people in Florida and beyond honored the 49 victims at Orlando's Pulse nightclub, exactly one year after the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Salman's husband, Omar Mateen, declared their allegiance to the Islamic State group during a three-hour standoff with police before SWAT team members killed them in a shootout.
Salman was charged with aiding their husband, and obstruction for allegedly misleading investigators.
The obstruction charge was filed in a federal district that covers Orlando, but she's accused of misleading investigators during an interview in Fort Pierce, which is in the Southern District of Florida.
“Thus, this court should dismiss the obstruction offense for improper venue,” the motion said. “This case has insufficient contact with the Middle District of Florida to meet the constitutional requirements for venue.”
Salman has pleaded not guilty and is being held in jail pending their federal trial in Orlando next March.
Court records show prosecutors, defense attorneys and the trial judge are already working on questions to ask potential jurors. A proposed questionnaire was filed under seal with the court this month. As many as 1,000 potential jurors will have to answer an extensive questionnaire to be sent out with summons in September.
Prosecutors have said Salman accompanied their husband when they cased locations for potential terrorist attacks, knew ahead of time that they were planning the attack and misled FBI agents about what they knew about their husband's plans. Salman's attorneys have denied the allegations against them and say they were abused by their husband.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tmEtEV
Women who plan for a baby at the age of 40 and above may increase the risk of delivering preterm births before the 37th week of pregnancy, a study showed.
The researchers noted an association between preterm birth and mother's age and stated that the maternal age at pregnancy has been increasing worldwide and so has the risk of preterm birth.
The research team, led by Florent Fuchs from the CHU Sainte-Justine in Canada, analysed the data from 32 hospitals in Quebec, Canada, from the year 2008 to 2011.
The findings of the study, published in the journal Plos, also mentioned that the mothers who are aged between 30-34 years have the lowest risk of prematurity.
The team studied over 165,282 pregnant women, who were further divided into five different age groups and compared them based on the maternal characteristics, gestational and obstetric complications, and risk factors related to preterm birth.
Some of the known risk factors identified more commonly in older mothers, aged 40 and above, included placenta previa, gestational diabetes, medical history, use of assisted reproduction technologies and occurrence of an invasive procedure.
On the other hand, nulliparity -- a condition whereby women never complete more than 20 weeks of pregnancy -- was associated with factors such as drug use and smoking in the past, were more prevalent in younger mothers, especially 30 years and below.
Previous studies have also found that preterm birth may increase heart risk and affect brain maturity of the babies.
Published:
Following the security challenges confronting the nation, the Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, on Monday ordered the withdrawal of all police offices attached to Very Important Persons, including political and public office holders nationwide. The police boss, who announced this in Abuja during a conference with senior officers, stated that the directive also affected private business people, multi national companies and other corporate organizations who are enjoying special police protection.
To this end, Idris explained that a task force had been constituted at the Force headquarters under the command of ACP Mohammed Dankwara to ensure compliance to the directive while state commissioners of police are to replicate same at their commands. Announcing their plans to withdraw the police officers on private guard duty, the IG said,“In view of the current security challenges in the country, it has become expedient for the Nigeria Police Force to streamline the deployment of its personnel attached to political and public office holders, aimed at enhancing effective and efficient policing of the country.
"To this effect, a memo will be forwarded to the President for approval which will serve as a guideline or template for deployment to VIPs, political and public office holders in the country. Accordingly, a directive for withdrawal of all police officers deployed to VIPs, political and public office holders with immediate effect, is hereby given”he stated. Idris, however, explained that business people, corporate organisations and individuals who required special police protection and“are found worthy” would be considered by the Special Protection Unit of the force on application for revalidation through the state Commissioners of Police where they are resident.
"By so doing, I am charging the Commissioners of Police with the responsibility of supervising such official deployment and thereby holding them accountable,” the police chief informed their audience consisting of senior police officers. The IG bemoaned the abuse of police Supernumerary number plates and the illegal use of siren and covering of vehicle number plates by motorists and warned the culprits to desist. They directed the holders of the police SPY number plates to return them to the Force Transport Officer and apply for revalidation. They also asked the state CPs to enforce the directive and arrest violators, adding that the list of task force teams that would ensure compliance to the order should be sent to the Deputy Inspector General of Police, Operations, by March 31, 2018.
Share This
The annual Scripps National Spelling Bee is more mysterious than you might think. While the event has grown in renown and fandom over its 90-year history, there's still little known about how National Spelling Bee words are chosen — perhaps as little as you know about what the words themselves even mean.
Every year, hundreds of students, along with their beaming families, descend on Washington, D.C., for the Bee. The event is now broadcast on ESPN so viewers nationwide can get a little taste of just how little they know of the sprawling and quirky English language — and its spelling hurdles.
But getting current information on how those words are chosen is no easy task. According to a 2009 article from Slate, there is a committee that compiles the list of words. But apparently, the process for putting that list together isn't even as mysterious as getting information on just who is a part of the committee. According to Slate, the committee is composed of 12 people, and those members get started on collecting words as soon as the national competition wraps up in D.C.
In a 2005 interview with NPR, Jacques Bailey — the official pronouncer for that year's National Spelling Bee — verified they begin searching for words immediately upon the close of spring's annual spelling final. Each potential word is given a rating by the committee on a scale of 1-5. While Bailey did not specify how that rating system broke down, they did indicate there are disagreements amongst committee members at times.
According to FiveThirtyEight, all words asked at the competition will appear in Webster's Third New International Dictionary. An analysis run on the spelling words used from 1994 - 2014 indicated that the "language of origin" spellers best brush up on is Latin. Words with a Latin background appeared most often in competition. In fact, words that originated in Latin, Middle English, or French accounted for a full 54 percent of all spelling bee words during that 20-year period.
FiveThirtyEight looked at 29 languages of origin that had words appear at least 20 times past the first round of national competition. Among those 29 languages, Hebrew stood out as the "hardest" for students to accurately spell. The bee competitors only got Hebrew words right 45 percent of the time. Next most difficult were words that originated in Persian, with an average accuracy rate of 58 percent.
In their interview with NPR, Bailey indicated that sets of words were chosen based on their language of origin, while other words were plucked sometimes at random by committee members.
Oliver Roeder — also for FiveThirtyEight — conducted their own set of research on predictions regarding whether a word would be spelled correctly. Interestingly, word length seems not much of a stumbling block for the serious speller. They found the median length of spelling words to be nine letters, with the average length of incorrectly spelled words falling at 8.95 letters. More letters don't necessarily mean more trouble for excellent spellers, which likely factors into how the Scripps' committee decides on inclusion or exclusion of new words.
Roeder also found that one sound tends to trip spellers up more than any other — what they deem "the deadly ə," otherwise known as the schwa sound. It can be made by any vowel and sounds kind of like "uh." Many spellers have stumbled over that one during final rounds, which is why knowing the language of origin can be so particularly helpful in figuring out what vowel (or even "y") to use in spelling the ə properly.
With nearly half a million words in Webster's to choose from, spellers cannot possibly prepare for all of them. So here's hoping the committee's secretive ranking system works, and no one gets stuck with too obscure an entry.
Boston Celtics coach Brad Stevens is not your stereotypical video-game player, but they advocated for classic arcade game Ms. Pac-Man during an appearance at a Boys & Girls Club in Indiana over the weekend, according to the IndyStar.
Stevens reportedly told the kids (mostly kidding) that playing video games every now and then was fine.
"I play 'Ms. Pac-Man' for 10 to 15 games as a break between video," Stevens said, per the IndyStar. "And then I go on my jog, and go about my daily routine, but I make sure to get my 'Ms. Pac-Man' game in at home every single day. 10-15 minutes (of video games) isn't that bad, tell your parents you're good."
Being an NBA coach is stressful. Stevens famously sports a calm demeanor during games and frequently talks about the value of not getting too high or too low. Getting some rest and relaxation before games has to be crucial, and if Ms. Pac-Man is the answer, that's unorthodox but hilarious.
Perhaps more notable is that this is a glimpse into the private life of Stevens, who is extremely polite but also very business-like before and after games. It's good to hear that they do indeed do other things besides eat, drink, watch film and occasionally sleep.
Being back in Indiana, Stevens also was bound to get some questions about Butler, and this summer in particular, it was only natural that the conversation would turn to the Celtics' acquisition of Gordon Hayward in free agency. The small forward signed a four-year max deal in Boston, choosing the Celtics over the Utah Jazz and Miami Heat.
The emcees of the event reportedly asked Stevens how they coerced Hayward into joining the Celtics. The IndyStar said Stevens told the crowd they had no idea where Hayward was going to end up after their meeting, despite their close relationship.
Stevens added that, having recruited Hayward in college, it was "surreal" to "then be sitting with the 27-year-old adult who is asking incredibly insightful, thoughtful, important questions."
Hayward must have felt Stevens' impact. In their Player's Tribune story announcing their decision, they extolled the virtues of Stevens as a coach and mentor, as well as the way they allowed Hayward to make their own decision.
"There were so many great things pulling me in that direction (of Boston)," Hayward wrote. "There was the winning culture of Boston, as a city ... There was the amazing potential of this current Celtics team -- from ownership, to the front office, to a talented roster with Isaiah, and Al, and everyone else. And of course, there was Coach Stevens: Not just for the relationship that we've built off the court -- but also for the one that we started building on the court, all of those years ago, in Indiana."
Ramos, who backed Duterte's election campaign but has since become one of their bluntest critics, said there was “too much unilateralism” in the administration, especially on law enforcement and security issues.
More than 7,600 people have been killed during a merciless drugs crackdown that started seven months ago. That includes more than 2,500 in police operations. Ramos was asked during an interview on Sunday with online news channel Rappler whether the bloodshed during the drugs war meant a culture of impunity was prevailing. “It is starting to become like that,” Ramos said. They said they felt hesitant to call it a culture of impunity because they believed it was not too late to change, but that the onus was on Duterte. “Based on the guidance from the very top, there could be positive change [in] the way we do things in this country,” Ramos said. Police operations were suspended on January 31 after a South Korean business person was murdered by rogue drugs squad officers. The Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA) has since taken over the lead role and Duterte wants the military to join raids. Ramos, president from 1992-1998, disagrees with that because they said troops and police were trained differently. “Police work, which is a little different from military operations, does follow its basic rule of engagement, which is your shoot to disable, but not to kill,” they said. The senior statesman is among the few Filipinos able to criticise Duterte without incurring their trademark wrath. They previously said Duterte's drugs obsession distracted them from pressing issues and expressed bemusement at their hostility to ally the United States. Ramos also said on Sunday Duterte was not talking to their Cabinet on issues such as ties with China and the United States, and peace talks with Muslim insurgents and communist rebels. “The way it is, there is a lack of consultation,” they said. “Not just with their active commanders, maybe not even with the Cabinet members concerned, but also with the rest of the citizenry,” Ramos said. Duterte's spokesperson Ernesto Abella did not respond immediately to a request for comment on Monday. Abella said in a radio interview Duterte listens to Ramos's opinions but was a different kind of leader. More from Philippines Manila prepares to auction off Imelda jewellery
Government, rebels observe truce in some areas
How the Philippines drugs war was slowed
Ramos concerned about Duterte unilateralism
5 reasons why Liverpool will win the Premier League this year
Despite the mood in and around Liverpool, Jurgen Klopp's men can win the title and here is why
@Sakethscribbles by Saketh Ayyagari Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 15:47 IST
Liverpool's PL Asia Trophy win - a sign of things to come.
The beginning of another new season is upon us and Liverpool fans will be clamouring on how this is going to be their year yet again. The Merseyside club won their 18th league title in 1990 and the wait for their 19th and the first Premier League title continues.
Jurgen Klopp led the Reds to a top four finish in their first full season as manager. Now, the team has a chance to kick on and build on the positive momentum from last year. Despite a new twist in the form of Coutinho's transfer saga, Liverpool still have it in them to win the league this year as football shows with teams like Leicester that anything is truly possible.
Also Read: 5 reasons why Philippe Coutinho should stay at Liverpool
Let's take a look at the 5 reason why Klopp's Reds will win the coveted title this year:
#1 New Signings
Mohamed Salah is already looking like a great signing for Liverpool.
Liverpool's summer is far from complete but there has been a much-needed change in transfer policy this summer. Firstly, there has been a shift in focus from quantity to quality.Secondly, owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) have opened their urse strings with the club transfer record already broken for Mohamed Salah.
So far, the new signings definitely improve the squad. Mohamed Salah was signed from AS Roma after a season of double digit goals and assists at the Italian club. They add quality pace, skill and goals to the side and can play along with Sadio Mane.
Solanke has proven to be a revelation in pre-season.
Andrew Robertson needs to improve defensively but left an impression straight away with their pace and delivery. Their arrival allows James Milner to add steel in midfield. The third signing Dominic Solanke was supposed to lead the line for the U23s after transferring from Chelsea. However, the 20-year old had a terrific pre-season and even finds themselves ahead of Divock Origi in the pecking order.
The Reds are still in the pursuit of Southampton's centre-back Virgil van Dijk with everyone convinced they are the solution to their defensive woes. The club is ready to shell over £50 million for them and dynamic midfielder Naby Keita from RB Leipzig.
Thus, Liverpool have stepped up their transfer game, thereby improving the first team. This gives them a better first-team and squad to win the title.
WASHINGTON -- The nation's employers cut 33,000 jobs in September, but the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent, according to labor statistics released Friday.
The numbers are undoubtedly changed by Hurricanes Irma and Harvey which not only destroyed workplaces but interrupted communications and made it impossible to do survey workers and employers.
Local jobless numbers for September will not be out for another few weeks. However, the unemployment rate in Springfield fell in August to 7.6 percent from 8.7 percent a month earlier in July.
The unemployment rate in Massachusetts fell to 4.2 percent in August.
Nationally, job losses came after the nation had added an average of 172,000 jobs per month over the prior 12 months, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The federal government found employment declines in food services and drinking places. The bureau said a below-trend growth in some industries likely reflected the impact of Hurricanes Irma and Harvey.
The number of long-term unemployed (those jobless for 27 weeks or more) was essentially unchanged in September at 1.7 million and accounted for 25.5 percent of the unemployed.
Manufacturing employment was essentially unchanged in September, down just 1,000 jobs across the country.
Average hourly earnings rose by 12 cents to $26.55 in September. Over the past 12 months, average hourly earnings have increased by 74 cents, or 2.9 percent. In September, average hourly earnings of private-sector production and nonsupervisory employees increased by 9 cents to $22.23.
Tony Bedikian, managing director of Global Markets at Citizens Bank, said in a prepared release:
"Obviously, the jobs number, which was heavily impacted by last month's hurricanes, is far below expectations, but early indications are the market may focus on other positive core components of the report such as the drop in the unemployment rate and the increase in wages."
Students crowd the halls between classes. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Marco Island Charter Middle School (MICMS) has been an A-ranked school since before today's students were born, known for fostering a climate of academic excellence. Still, it was gratifying for the school's administration, faculty and board when MICMS was recognized as being among the top five charter schools in the state of Florida.
The notification, ranking MICMS #4 among all 240 charter middle schools in the state, came from Niche, a Pittsburgh, PA-based firm that specializes in ranking schools, colleges and neighborhoods throughout the U.S.
More: Back to school: Hitting the books at TBE, MICMS and MIA
More: Message from the pros: MICMS students hear from retired NFL players
Now in its 20th year of operation, MICMS has a student body of “about 400 – it's a moving target,” said principal George Abounader. As a charter school, MICMS is required to be available to students living anywhere in Collier County, not just on Marco Island, which sometimes leads to confusion and frustration from new Marco Island parents wanting to enroll their children. Sixty percent of the students live on Marco Island.
More: Raising the flag: Marco Island Academy celebrates ‘miracle on Marco'
“We have a diverse student population, with one third of our students going home to non-English-speaking households and one quarter who qualify for the free and reduced-price lunch program,” said Abounader. While the linguistic diversity can present challenges for the teachers, it is a major component of what makes their school excellent, they said.
Kids board the bus after school. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Principal George Abounader often holds the doors for students between classes. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
While Abounader has been at MICMS for 19 years, they are the school's third principal, with two others coming and going quickly in the first two years.
“That's normal for startup charter schools – you often see a lot of leadership changeovers at the beginning,” they said. A big part of the school's success, they said, comes from community support and how MICMS has been embraced by local organizations. Abounader gave particular thanks to the island's two Rotary Clubs (including the Noontime Rotary where they have been president and Rotarian of the Year), the Kiwanis Club, which made the grant that allowed the school to debut their new $17,000 television production studio, the Island Country Club, which will host a gala celebrating the school's 20th anniversary this winter, and the Greater Marco Family YMCA.
They have an in at the last one; Abounader and YMCA CEO Cindy Love are married. Long before that, though, the Y made it possible for MICMS to have an athletics program when they had no gym and only limited facilities on campus.
“Without the Y, we wouldn't have had a PE program,” they said.
Principal George Abounader with the certificate or recognition. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Now competitive athletics is a big deal at MICMS, and something that sets them apart from other area middle schools, said Abounader. They field school teams, not just clubs, in sports including football, soccer, volleyball, track and field, cross-country, basketball, golf, tennis and cheerleading.
“We have the largest interscholastic sports program of any school in Collier County,” they said.
School spirit seems strong at MICMS. The marching band boasts 200 members, and has smaller breakout ensembles including the advanced band and the jazz band. Those who are not band members sing in the chorus, with both ensembles performing at community functions on a regular basis.
Academically, the school is adding new and more challenging programs, and focusing on analysis and critical thinking, rather than just memorization of data. MICMS is debuting a high school credit-bearing debate class, and a high school credit-bearing algebra class for seventh graders. This brings to three the number of high school level classes at the school, and means that next year, they will have four, when the seventh graders who complete algebra will be eligible for high school geometry.
Abounader lauded the school's independent board of directors as a plus for Charter Middle.
The school did fine in Irma - the sign out front, not so much. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Seventh grader cheerleader Sommar Kashee. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
Spanish teacher Laura Yanich supervises a computer activity with their class. MICMS has been recognized as being in the top five charter schools in Florida by an independent rating organization. (Photo: Lance Shearer/Correspondent)
“Having a local school board allows the community to get responses to their concerns more quickly. It's a very strong part of the charter school legacy. We're not governed by a board responsible for dozens of schools.”
Board member and secretary Allyson Richards, in turn, asked their opinion for MICMS's excellence and recognition, named the principal.
“It's George Abounader and the teachers they hire,” they said. “We have excellent teachers. George and the people they hires are at the root of it.” After working with him, their genuine love for the children comes through, said Richards.
“Middle schoolers, that's a hard age to love. They're like prickly pears at that age. Are they tough when they need to be? Yes. But for George, there's no such thing as a bad kid.”
The school came through Hurricane Irma just fine, with a mess outside but little damage to the buildings, which Abounader were built in 2006 and 7, to post-Hurricane Andrew building codes. One casualty was the sign out front, now lying forlornly on the ground.
MICMS even helped with the island's recovery effort, hosting a team of 80 FEMA personnel just after the storm passed.
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/news/2017/10/06/academic-excellence-micms-honored-top-charter-school/733282001/
If you're an astronaut, you probably have three especially prominent thoughts: (1) I miss gravity, (2) Peeing in a tube is no fun, and (3) I want pizza. That last one in particular was the case for Mike Massimino, an astronaut who ordered a pizza from a space shuttle as they were making their decent back to Earth, says Space.com.
Don't let the food pyramid fool you — pizza is one of the main groups. Odds are you have quick and cheap access to delicious pizza, unless, of course, you're orbiting the International Space Station, like Massimino was. According to Space.com, Massimino shared the funny story in One Strange Rock, a documentary series from National Geographic produced by Darren Aronofsky. They missed the popular pie so much, they "actually ordered the pizza from the shuttle" while they were heading back toward earth. I would just like to take a moment to applaud their dedication to pizza.
If you know anything about what astronauts eat in space, this story wouldn't surprise you too much. While conditions have improved dramatically since John Glenn first ate apple sauce from a tube while on a Mercury space mission in 1962 (a fun fact from Wonderopolis), astronauts still must take great care in what and how they eat.
This is partly because the conditions of leaving the planet are so unique and specific, and partly because keeping astronauts well fed and healthy with all the proper nutrients is a special responsibility. Gorging themselves on Chipotle twice a week like I do is just out of the question.
So, what do they eat?
As Wonderopolis says, freeze-drying is a method heavily relied on, where foods are cooked, quickly frozen, and then dehydrated. In fact, most foods and drinks are dehydrated and in powder form, stored in pouches and packets with straws or nozzles for easy and convenient consumption. You can't simply drink from a cup or eat everything from a plate like you would on earth, because the lack of gravity means things would start floating around the shuttle. Have you ever seen a chicken nugget fly past your face? It isn't pretty.
Plus, freeze-dried food makes for snacks and meals that are lighter and take up less space — two important factors when you're talking about loading up the luggage aboard a space shuttle.
So, yes, extra precautions must be taken when it comes to eating in space. Fortunately, though, astronauts today get to enjoy much better food than their predecessors did.
In fact, shuttles today have full kitchens complete with hot water and even an oven. Still missing from the menu, however, is the piping hot and amazingly greasy pizza delivery so many of us love.
While the delivery guy won't be showing up at the front door of the space shuttle anytime soon, astronauts are finding ways to get creative when their pizza cravings start to get out of hand. Space.com shared a video showing a group of astronauts assembling pizzas in space, with some of the ingredients tethered down so they wouldn't float away. It wasn't like the real thing — they could only use ingredients that would stick to the pizza, and the crust needed to be pretty much crumb-free so bits of it wouldn't get in their electronics.
It wasn't delivery. It wasn't DiGiorno either. But it was space-friendly.
Plus, these fellas look pretty darn pleased with their masterpieces. Taste aside, wouldn't it be cool to eat a flying pizza? Heck yes. You don't even have to touch it that much and risk getting greasy fingers, because the pizza will just float there. Bonus!
European Space Agency, ESA on YouTube
Astronauts sacrifice a lot to do what they do, and we wouldn't be where we are without them. If you ever get to meet one, say thank you and buy 'em a slice of pizza.
Nancy Beatty, left, and Nora McLellan are appearing in John at the Berkeley Street Theatre until Feb. 19. ( NICK KOZAK FOR THE TORONTO STAR )
Actor Nora McLellan remembers reading the character descriptions in George Bernard Shaw's Mrs. Warren's Profession while appearing in a production of the play. One read: “Old disreputable braggart of a woman — 44.” Last summer, McLellan, who is now in their 60s, played a role in a sex comedy by Mark Crawford called The Birds and the Bees at the traditionally straitlaced Blyth Festival. “He wrote a part for a woman my age and they told me, ‘I want you to be naked and I want you having sex.' Of course at Blyth, they were scandalized into the highest-selling show. The audience was shocked,” McLellan recalls. McLellan is the kind of performer who processes the present through the lens of the past, with roles such as Mrs. Warren but also Hagar in The Stone Angel, Violet in August: Osage County, Aunt Eller in Oklahoma!, Mrs. Tottendale in The Drowsy Chaperone and Mama Rose in Gypsy. They speak from the dressing room they share with another actor euphemistically referred to as “of a certain age,” Nancy Beatty. Beatty, a four-time Dora Award winner who works in both Toronto and London, can relate to the idea of desexualizing older generations. As they were preparing to play a 90-year-old Georgia O'Keeffe in Tarragon Theatre's The Faraway Nearby in 1995, Beatty took an 86-year-old friend out for lunch. “I said, ‘So what about sex? Is that still happening?' And they just looked at me, they were shocked. ‘Well, of course!' That's how dumb I was,” Beatty says.
Article Continued Below
Thankfully, both Beatty and McLellan feel that options for senior actores (though McLellan hates that term) are expanding, as playwrights young and old fill in the gaps in representation that have persisted throughout theatre history. Case in point, both McLellan and Beatty have arguably two of the juiciest roles on a Toronto stage right now in John, by American playwright Annie Baker, which closes Sunday in its Canadian premiere by the Company Theatre. In a production well reviewed by critics across the city, Beatty and McLellan deliver standout performances as, respectively, the religious and soft-spoken owner of a small-town American B&B, Mertis, and their 85-year-old blind best friend Genevieve, who briefly believed they were possessed by their ex-husband.
While Baker doesn't make these characters overtly sexual, they don't dismiss it either (Mertis found a second husband late in life; Genevieve talks about how their mental illness affected their body). In their hyperrealistic style, Baker gives the characters incredible depth and mystery. That mystery is what made Beatty take the role. “Sometimes you know, when you read a play you can find a way in. There was none of that. It was completely fascinating to me, because it wasn't like anything else I had ever read,” they say. By dropping subtle hints throughout the play's three and a half hours, Baker outlines the histories of these two women like a connect-the-dots image. The impression of full lives vaguely appears and they're strange, sometimes very dark, but they also share a truly genuine and lovely friendship. (After sex past 60, the next frontier of senior relationships to explore might be friendship and camaraderie that goes beyond sharing tea and watching soap operas.) The fullness of these characters — and their imagined pain, joy and struggle — beautifully contrasts with the younger B&B guests, Jenny (Loretta Yu) and Elias (Philip Riccio), going through a rough patch in their relationship. The intensity of their interactions isn't downplayed in either Baker's script or Jonathan Goad's direction but, compared to the figures of Mertis and Genevieve, their problem feels temporary. Both Mertis and Genevieve have primary traits that one would associate with older generations: Mertis is a caretaker, Genevieve is wise. But they're far from the stock characters that actors may feel trapped inside of as they get older. “For years now you've been hearing about Helen Mirren and Judi Dench talking about how hard it was to find good parts for women,” Beatty says. “So when you get to your 60s, you're constantly asking yourself the question, ‘Do I fit in?' And ‘What does it mean to fit in, in terms of age?' You don't know if it's systemic or if you just have too many wrinkles for television. “But in some ways I think it is getting better because we've got a lot more female playwrights, lots more coming up.” McLellan makes a point about not complaining — “I'm always happy wherever I am onstage” — but with young playwrights such as Crawford and Baker as examples, who are in their 30s, she's hopeful roles for senior actores will continue to defy stereotypes. “I'm feeling extremely powerful. I think we're just, as women, as actors, we're coming into a good place of having the technique and the excitement,” they say. “I personally could work every day of my life.” Carly Maga is a Toronto Star theatre critic. They alternate the Wednesday Matinee column with critic Karen Fricker.
Please wait while we process your request.
Do not refresh or close your window at any time.
Observer Reporter
Patron-in-chief of Pakistan Hindu Council and Member National Assembly Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani has urged to support the welfare activities throughout the country for ensuring social harmony and prosperity. They were attending the combine marriage ceremony in honor of 16 Hindu couples at Tando Adam.
Dr Ramesh Kumar, while addressing as the chief guest, said that combine marriage ceremonies are widely acknowledged as one of the major welfare activities. “That''s why Pakistan Hindu Council always arrange combine marriage program of needy Hindu community with the collaboration and support of other organizations on regular basis,” they further said, adding that the aim of these combine marriage program is to promote positive image of Pakistan at international level and to highlight the role of minorities in Pakistan.
Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani while extending their new year wishes said that Pakistan is passing through such a critical phase where followers from all religion need to be united to promote harmony, brotherhood and unity among the society.
Chela Ram Kewlani, Paman Lal and Dr Shankar from Pakistan Hindu Council and other respectable of societies from different walks of life were also present.
On the ocasion, Pakistan Hindu Council also provided gift in form of 10,000 Rs Cash to each newlywed couple.
Hindu Community also organized special prayers to celebrate the spirit of New Year. Later on, while talking to the media Dr Ramesh Kumar hoped that 2017 would be proven as a year of stability and peace for Pakistan. “We must stay united under one flag, respect others faith and avoid religious division,” they expressed.
When asked a question about Minority Protection Right Bill, Dr Ramesh Kumar said that Hindu community in Pakistan is very much concerned about the expected return and amendment of Bill. They vowed that Pakistan Hindu Council will keep playing its due role regarding the protection of minorities.
A video of a young fisherman hooking a whale off the NSW coast is real, according to their father, who witnessed the encounter.
Last Saturday, father and son Glenn and Nicholas Brasen endeavoured on one of their regular fishing trips in the town of Kingscliff on the NSW north coast.
But this trip was anything but regular.
Eleven-year-old Nicholas managed to hook a humpback whale.
"We weren't very far offshore but there were a couple of whales sort of frolicking around on top of the water, about 150 metres from us," father Glen Brasen told SBS World News.
"They disappeared, they went under, and we said 'where'd the whales go?' We didn't know where they went."
Moments later, one of the whales surfaced at the back of the boat, and Nicholas realised it was attached to their fishing rod.
"It obviously got its side fin or something hooked on the line," said Mr Brasen.
"I broke the line straight away, as soon as I realised it was on the whale. It was only a light line; it broke like cotton."
They say the whale didn't seem bothered by what happened, and nor was their son.
"He was very excited, of course.
"It seemed like a friendly situation, it didn't seem hostile. They're just so massive, you know. It leaves such an impression on you.”
Published on Jun 15 2017 10:00 AM in Retail tagged: Smirnoff / Move the needle
Smirnoff today (14 June) launched Move the Needle workshops 'to inspire a new wave of female DJs and producers' across Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The drinks brand in collaboration with Ellen King aka ELLLL, techno DJ / producer will run a series of free workshops in the four cities Galway, Belfast, Cork and Dublin this summer.
According to Syl Saller, Diageo Chief Marketing Officer, Diageo said “We believe we can make a difference by using our presence in electronic music culture to drive diversity within the community."
It said that females, transgender and non-binarypeople 'made up 17% of headliners in 2016 at electronic music festivals around the world'.
Reportedly, on International Women's Day in March, Smirnoff pledged to double this number by 2020.
"By 2020, Smirnoff aims to make a difference by doubling the number of women headliners and this mission requires music fans and industry leaders to work together to achieve thisbold goal.”
To showcase the training events, it also launched a mini-documentary featuring leading women from within Irish electronic music.
ELLLL added, “There's no reason why people - male or female - can't work together to share knowledge and help each other across the board. There should be cross pollination in all areas.
"These workshops are really about everyone getting up and having a go, especially for the vinyl and CDJ workshops."
© 2017 - Checkout Magazine by Donna Ahern
We are in 2017 and in beginning of 2016, I started building the open portfolio to help my readers understand how I evaluate businesses and learn how I do it and why I did what I did.
A report for the complete year of 2016. To learn from some of my blunders of 2016 and plan for 2017 to build a better performing portfolio in 2017.
Disclaimer: This is not my complete portfolio in the market and I may have open trading positions as well as some previous investments prior to Jan 2016 and other riskier small and micro cap investments.
In 2016, I started with an objective to invest 50k per month but it has turned out that I invested more than double of what I intended mainly because I liquidated some of my old investments to add them to my open portfolio.
There is a pattern that I followed when investing. When the market was going down in the first quarter of 2016 I was more in large caps stocks like Infosys, Tata Steel and Larsen & Toubro but as Nifty moved closer to 9000, I was moving away from large caps.
Infosys
Most Indian IT companies focus on providing services to banking and finance sector which makes them yet another business and growth looking sluggish, I was out of Infosys.
Tata Steel
I was really bullish on the metal sector in 2016 and Tata steel was a unique play for a sell-off its loss-making Europe unit. It was one of my better-performing picks in 2016 and the price doubled from where I started accumulating. I was out of it because of political uncertainty in Europe.
Larsen & Toubro
To offload in Larsen & Toubro was mainly because my position was very small in the stock and I could not add more before it just shot up. On top of that, I avoid group companies and high debt companies and Larsen & Toubro has both.
Zydus Wellness
I am bullish in Zydus Wellness and has added position even in December 2016. Contract notes here. Have plans to add more position around 840 levels in 2017 if I can.
Jubilant Foodworks Ltd
I am confident about Jubilant Foodworks business model because I always love to see sales going up but the market expects profit to even increase when they give valuations of almost 100PE. Profits aren't growing despite sales and so this stock has corrected from ₹1960 levels to ₹760.
Is definitely in my radar to add more but being a trader I don't prefer averaging down. I did not do average even in Zydus Wellness when it was trading under 700 in 2016.
Britannia Industries
A rock solid performer for me in 2016 and has corrected goodish bit due to demonetization but I am running short of funds because there are so many stocks to invest with so little money. Love to add more position in Britannia Industries in 2017.
Jubilant Life Sciences
One of the best entry that I managed in 2016 and hope to repeat more similar positions in 2017.
Pidilite Industries
Blunder of taking up very large position in Pidilite Industries and then holding it.
A very good lesson which is you should never hold on to your mistakes in the market. I wanted to take a position of 200 units and placed an order of 2000 units in a rush. I should have corrected my mistake the very next day but I didn't and so is paying the price.
A learning experience of a lifetime where the mistake is neither in stock selection nor investing at the wrong time or price but the process was to accumulate in the fall that started at 780. A mistake that I will definitely avoid in any stocks in 2017 and beyond.
Ashok Leyland
I am very bullish on auto sector for the next decade because there are so many issues in the auto sector like pollution, parking spaces etc which can lead to new innovations like electric cars, Uber and ola cars instead of owned cars and more.
Such innovations can lead to disruptions in the industry and those companies who will keep up the pace in the auto sector can do wonders. My view is Ashok Leyland can take advantage of such innovation and will add more aggressively to my position in Ashok Leyland in 2017.
Birla Sun Life Tax Plan
A large cap tax saving fund when the market was really falling till March 2016.
DSPBR Tax Saver
In the second half of 2016, it was all midcap and so opted for a midcap tax saving fund. December provided a good opportunity and so instead of adding 30k invested 45k. Contract notes here.
Portfolio Update
Increase in investment from ₹14,63,886 to ₹15,51,729. An increase of
₹87,843 in the month of December. The performance of the portfolio built
so far is as follows:
Profits Realized
Infosys: 780 (60) Average Buy: 1165 Average Sold: 1178
(60) Tata Steel: 9,200 (400) Average Buy: 280 Average Sold: 303
(400) Larsen & Toubro: 2,080 (20) Average Buy: 1241 Average Sold: 1345
(20)
Total Profit Realized: 12,060
Dividends
Zydus Wellness: 325
Larsen & Toubro: 365
Jubilant FoodWorks: 250
Britannia Inds.: 900
Birla SL Tax Plan: 8,581
DSPBR Tax Saver: 1,460
Total Dividend Received: 11,881
Stocks
Stocks I am holding in my portfolio along with the link to why I have invested in them.
Ashok Leyland 80,100 (1000) [Why] Invested: 79,245 Profit: +855
Britannia Inds. 1,29,884 (45) [Why] Invested: 1,18,731 Profit+Dividend: +12,053
Jubilant FoodWorks 85,345 (100) [Why] I nvested: 1,09,503 Loss+Dividends: -23,908
Jubilant Life Sciences 1,89,660 (300) [Why] I nvested: 1,34,636 Profit: +55,024
Pidilite Industries 5,89,800 (1000) [Why] Invested: 7,18,864 Loss: -1,29,064
Zydus Wellness 2,16,538 (250) [Why] Invested: 2,04,690 Profit+Dividends: +12,172
Total Stocks: 12,91,326 Invested: 13,65,670 Loss: -72,869
Mutual Funds
Birla SL Tax Plan-D: 1,07,305 Invested: 1,05,000 Profit+Dividend: +10,786
DSPBR Tax Saver-D: 99,575 Invested: 1,05,000 Loss+Dividend:-3,965
Total Mutual Funds: 2,06,880 Invested: 2,10,000 Profit+Dividend: +6,821
Overall
Portfolio: 14,98,206 Capital Invested: 15,51,729 (Total Investment in stocks & mutual funds less dividends receieved and realized profits) Unrealized Loss: -66,048 Dividends: +11,881 Realized Profit: +12,060
Plans for 2017
Market can remain sluggish for some part of 2017 due to demonetization, fed rate hikes and Donald Trump reforms in US which can be a great opportunity to build long term portfolio.
2016 has ended with a bad performance of the portfolio due to Pidilite Industries and will need to be worked out in 2017.
We have only 6 stocks in current holding but have stocks in the pipeline that I will love to my add them to my portfolio in 2017.
Over to you
If you have any questions or comments share them in comments below and I love to respond to them.
The v34 update has a new folder animation, better adaptive icon support, and more.
A little less than a month ago, Action Launcher v33 was released with a highlight feature called "AdaptiveZoom." AdaptiveZoom is a new app-opening animation that gradually fills your phone's screen with the background color of each app icon, and with v34, there's a new zoom animation that perfectly compliments it.
The new zoom animation features the same gradual zoom of AdaptiveZoom to reveal all of the apps present in a given folder, and when used alongside AdpativeZoom for opening individual apps, the end result looks darn good.
In other AdaptiveZoom news, the v34 update also introduces a new API to give developers more control over how their apps work with this. AdaptiveZoom can look a little messy if an app already features a branded launch screen, and with the API, developers will be able to ensure a much smoother and cleaner animation for folks using AdaptiveZoom.
Sticking with the whole adaptive theme, Action Launcher v34 introduces a couple new tools for its AdaptivePack companion app. First off, a new "AdaptivePack Fallback" can be used on phones running Android Oreo. This will tell Action Launcher to prioritize an application's native icon if it's adaptive, but if it's not, a themed version will be used. Additionally, if an icon doesn't have a first-party adaptive icon and isn't supported by AdaptivePack, a "faux adaptive icon" will be used to ensure you've got adaptive icons no matter which apps you have.
Rounding all of this out, you'll also see Oreo's drag animation when moving apps around on your home screen, Action's Launcher's calendar icons are now adaptive, app boot time has been reduced, and the launcher as a whole is more stable to use.
Action Launcher: Everything you need to know!
ISLAMABAD, June 14 (APP): The Ministry of Law and Justice has
strongly denied allegations of the JIT in its application submitted
to the apex court to the effect that the matter relating to issue of
notification authorising the Chairman JIT under section 21 of the
National Accountability Ordinance 1999 was “intentionally lingered
at the behest of Ministry of Law and Justice.”
In a clarification statement issued by Ministry of Law and
Justice, it has been stated that the facts are that the order of the
Supreme Court of Pakistan directing the Federal Government
to issue the notification was complied with within two days of
receipt of the order.
The Court's order dated May 15, 2017 was conveyed by the
Attorney General for Pakistan in writing to the Ministry of Law and
Justice on May 16, 2017.
As the notification was to be issued by the Federal
Government, keeping in view the urgency of the matter, Summary was
moved for approval of the Cabinet through circulation on 17.05.2017.
Approval of the Cabinet was conveyed to the Ministry by
Cabinet Division on 18.05.2017.
On that very day the Secretary, Ministry of Law and Justice
issued the requisite notification and sent a copy of the same to the
Chairman, JIT.
Copies were also endorsed to the Attorney-General for
Pakistan, Registrar, Supreme Court of Pakistan and Secretary,
Ministry of Interior.
Chairman, JIT acknowledged receipt of the notification on May
18, 2017 and requested the Ministry of Law and Justice to circulate
the notification to all foreign jurisdictions within two days
through diplomatic channels as well as NCB – Interpol FIA.
Ministry of Law and Justice on the same day, May 18, 2017,
forwarded the notification and request of the Chairman, JIT to the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (as per Rule 56 of the Rules of
Business, 1973) and Ministry of Interior for necessary action.
The above details clearly establish that there was no delay on
the part of the Ministry of Law and Justice and all necessary steps
were taken as promptly as possible.
The allegations of the JIT regarding the Ministry of Law and
Justice are totally unjustified, the statement added.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Are the Lions for real? Bob Wojnowski, John Niyo and Justin Rogers look at the Lions as they roll into Week 5 against the Carolina Panthers at Ford Field. Detroit News
Buy Photo Lions running back Theo Riddick has 14 catches for 90 yards and a TD in four games. (Photo: Daniel Mears, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Allen Park — What's wrong with Theo Riddick?
It's a question that's been on the mind of a number of Lions fans after a seemingly slow start to the season from the shifty receiving back.
The sample size is small, but Riddick is on pace for 56 receptions and 360 yards, well off their production level the previous two years.
In 2015, they set the franchise record for receptions by a back, catching 80 balls out of the backfield. Last year, they averaged more grabs per game, but was slowed down by a sprained ankle early in the year and had their season prematurely ended by a wrist injury.
Riddick returned to the lineup for this year's season opener, catching six passes, but was limited to 27 yards. They haven't caught more than four balls the past three weeks and has yet to top 40 receiving yards.
More: Stafford nemesis Peppers, 37, still ‘doing it all' for Panthers
Part of the problem issue is defenses are more keyed in on him.
“Yeah, I think you put on tape what he's put on tape the last couple years, bound to scare a lot of defensive coordinators,” quarterback Matthews Stafford said. “There's definitely quite a bit of attention going to him.”
Another issue is their playing time has been reduced with Ameer Abdullah back in the lineup.
When the Lions are committed to running the ball, like they have been in for their two road games, Abdullah is the more-accomplished and preferred option. Against the Minnesota Vikings last week, Abdullah was having success on the ground, gaining 94 yards on 20 carries. Riddick, meanwhile, was limited to 18 snaps.
A final factor has been the defenders he's had to deal with in coverage. When the Lions have been looking to pass, he's drawn some of the fastest sideline-to-sideline linebackers in the NFL — from rookie Haason Reddick in the opener to Atlanta's Deion Jones. Their speed has limited Riddick's ability to maximize their elusiveness in the open field.
But if you're looking for promise of brighter days to come, Riddick has shown plenty. Beyond getting open on multiple routes where they didn't get the ball, he's already made seven tacklers miss as a receiver. He's still as tough as ever to tackle.
More: Lions remain mum on Armonty Bryant's future with team
Everyone in the organization seems to believe it's just a matter of time before they get the right matchup and breaks out.
“He's run a lot of routes over the years where he's beaten guys and gotten open,” offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter said. “I wouldn't say defenses are drastically changing their structure, but every now and then might be a vital call, where Theo may have been one-on-one in the past and now he's sort of doubled.
“Theo's still doing a really nice job, Theo's going to be really productive for us.”
For Riddick's part, he's far from frustrated with their individual production, given the team's success.
“Yes, teams are kind of changing things up a little bit, but we're 3-1, man. That's the only thing I care about,” they said.
“I'm just playing my game, trying to pick my spots wisely and go from there. I don't try to make the game more difficult than it is from a mental standpoint. I've just got to stay patient. It's early in the season.”
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
You might feel as if you have been left holding the bag, and this could indeed be the case. Your imagination knows no limits, which is excellent when solving problems. Others appreciate your ability to tap into your creativity at a moment's notice. Tonight: Where the fun is.
You have more impact than you might realize. You will need to do some deep thinking before making an important decision. Don't hesitate to take the space you need to in order to process your thoughts. Let your imagination wander. Tonight: What a vanishing act!
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: This year you experience a change in your luck! Before fall 2017, your emphasis will be on career and community involvement. You are likely to get a promotion and/or pay raise during this time. If you are single, you are very likely to meet someone of significance. Remember that mixing work with pleasure often leads to trouble, so think before you leap. If you are attached, you both will enjoy a mutual commitment. You will love being out and about as a couple. PISCES knows how to get information out of you.
Take charge, but be sure to listen to feedback you receive from a partner or someone else you care about. Your imagination will lead you down an intriguing path, but how well will this road serve you? You might be more magnetic than you realize. Tonight: Could be a late night.
Reach out to someone at a distance. Brainstorm with a partner who often can be manipulative. Share what is really on your mind. Your response to a good idea from someone else needs to be well thought out. Tonight: Accept an invitation that piques your interest.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
One-on-one relating elicits interesting reactions. Your brainstorming sessions with a partner often pay off in ways you had not anticipated. Touch base with a loved one and find out what you need to do in order to make a situation work. Tonight: Opt for togetherness.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You'll feel inspired to do what you want today. The only problem will be a tendency to overthink or become more provocative than you typically are. Someone close to you could have a strong reaction to your perpetually changing views. Tonight: As you like it.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
Your efficiency will be tested to the max. How you deal with a personal matter could change because of your mood. If you feel generous, your response is likely to be a lot different from what it would be if you were feeling uptight. Tonight: Put up your feet and relax.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
No one can deny the innate creativity that exists within you. You might have certain key objectives that make even you uncomfortable at times. You'll need to tame your wild side in order to get the results you desire. Allow your mind to wander. Tonight: Happy at home.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
Pressure builds, and you might decide to pay attention to matters involving your personal life. Your instincts will carry you through a problem with ease. Recognize that people often say things they don't mean when they are hot under the collar. Tonight: Be around good music.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You have a way with words, but don't forget to emphasize your unique voice and tone. You can be very expressive, even without using any words. You have a way of handling a problem that is likely to inspire others. You'll mend fences with ease. Tonight: Out late.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Be aware of the costs of continuing as you have been. You could be upset with a loved one and their or their choices. You need to sort out what you think is happening from what you were told; there is a disagreement here. Don't have a knee-jerk reaction. Tonight: Give yourself time.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)
You feel revived and full of energy. Stopping you could be close to impossible. Understand that your path might have some obstacles. Sometimes you unintentionally complicate situations or are too vague for others to have high expectations. Tonight: All smiles.
BORN TODAY: Zookeeper Jack Hanna (1947), former U.S. Sen. Barry Goldwater (1909), actor Kate Bosworth (1983)
OXFORD, Miss. -- Kermit Davis was comfortable at Middle Tennessee, but after 16 seasons they were ready for the challenge of leading a program in the Southeastern Conference.
The 58-year-old has been given that opportunity at Mississippi, where they were introduced as coach on Monday. The introduction came less than 24 hours after Middle Tennessee fell to Louisville in the second round of the NIT.
"It was just one of those things that I knew it was the right place for me," Davis said.
Davis -- a Leakesville, Mississippi, native -- replaces Andy Kennedy, who coached Ole Miss for 12 seasons and was the winningest coach in program history before they resigned with two weeks left in a disappointing season.
Davis will earn a base salary of $2.5 million annually on a four-year contract, which is the longest allowed by state law. They can earn incentives for accomplishments like boosting average attendance and conference championships.
Middle Tennessee became one of the best mid-majors in the nation under Davis' guidance. In their 11th season, Davis led the Blue Raiders back to the NCAA Tournament after a 12-year absence. The Blue Raiders had upset wins in the NCAA Tournament in both 2016 and 2017, beating Michigan State and Minnesota, respectively.
 They are taking over a program at Ole Miss that last made the tournament in 2015. Ole Miss is coming off a 12-20 season and finished last in the SEC with a 5-13 record.
"We're not going to have eight or nine years (of rebuilding) here," Davis said. "We've got to improve those (returning) guys. There's talent in that locker room. We've got to individually get their development to go up."
Maybe the most notable portion of Davis' contract is the bump in assistant pay. The salary pool Davis will have to work with has been pushed to $900,000, and two of those positions have already been filled.
Middle Tennessee assistants Win Case and Ronnie Hamilton will come with Davis to Ole Miss. Davis said the third assistant position could be filled by a current member of the Ole Miss staff or they could open up the spot for a national search.
Davis has some experience in the SEC. They were the associate head coach at LSU for five seasons under then-coach John Brady before taking the Middle Tennessee job in 2002.
Davis' father, Kermit Sr., coached at Mississippi State from 1970-1977. Davis played for the Bulldogs and served as a graduate assistant there.
"Nobody wants to beat Mississippi State's tail more than Kermit Davis," Davis said.
Area Law Enforcement Agencies Create Gun Violence Task Force
Columbia, S.C. (WOLO)–A new task force will be patrolling the Midlands targeting, who law enforcement call, the top ten gang members.
ABC Columbia's Angela Rogers was there when Richland Co. Sheriff Leon Lott and Columbia Police Chief Skipp Holbrook announced the Midlands Gangs Task Force, and Angela, the numbers they shared today were staggering for just the first quarter of the year.
The Columbia Police Department and Richland County Sheriff's Department are joining forces to get guns off the streets.
Especially since there have already been 19 attempted murders, and 5 murders, and we're only 4 months into the year, but both law enforcement agencies say we've already surpassed gun violence numbers from last year at this time.
Sheriff Leon Lott says the shooting at columbia mall a fews weeks ago is what pushed the law enforcement agencies to say enough is enough.
“Scares the devil out of me. It scares me that this is what we've got in our communities. That we have young people using these type of weapons against each other, against our citizens, but also against us. So this scares me.”
Both Sheriff Lott and Police Chief Skip Holbrook say this is a major problem in our community, especially when there is a shooting reported every day in the Columbia/Richland area.
All of the shooting victims have been African Americans, and 90% of them are males. Mostly between the ages of 17 to 25.
Skip Holbrook says they'll be primarily targeting ten individuals who have expensive gang records.
“We know where these folks that we're targeting run and hide and that's where we want to have our most presence.”
Area law enforcement has had close to 500 calls of shots fired, and have seized or recovered more than 160 firearms so far this year.
The Midlands Gangs Task Force will be comprised of members of the gang, fugitive, narcotics and investigative teams.This new task force will be going after gang members diligently for 60 days and then they'll take a look at how effective it was.
“The ones that we're after are ones that have been in lots of trouble. And that's what we're seeing with these shootings and robberies, it's not a first timer. It's someone who just keeps doing it over and over and over. And they don't stop until they're apprehended and locked away. That's the only thing that's going to stop them.”
They also say a big part of this task force will be education and making sure citizens realize they cannot leave guns in their vehicles, because a lot of these weapons gangs are using are stolen.
NEW YORK CITY — April 23, 2018 — LIM College, which is located in New York City and focused exclusively on the study of business and fashion, is offering its first-ever online bachelor's degree program, a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) in Fashion Merchandising.
With a curriculum that's nearly identical to LIM's existing on-campus BBA in Fashion Merchandising, the online program will prepare students to conduct business across the entire breadth of the fashion industry. Bringing LIM's signature New York City-centric point of view to the distance learner, students will be taught by fashion and business experts while receiving comprehensive academic and career development support.
Online students will also have the option to experience the New York City fashion world firsthand via a week-long immersion program that includes visits to fashion companies and industry events, as well as networking and career development activities with LIM College faculty, staff, and alumni.
Since “learning by doing” is a key component of the LIM College educational experience, students will be required to complete three internships for credit while earning their degree online. LIM College staff will help students identify and secure those internships, and students will enjoy access to a special online directory that identifies fashion and fashion-related companies throughout the U.S.
Program courses include: Fashion Forecasting, Fashion History & Global Attire, Fashion Show Production, Global Retailing, Omnichannel Retailing, Product Development & Merchandising, Street Style, Retail Management, and Fashion Branding & Promotion.
New students will be able to enroll in the online BBA program at six points during the year. Full-time students may be able to complete the program in less than 3 years, and part-time students can earn their degree at a pace that suits their individual needs.
Said LIM College President Elizabeth S. Marcuse: “Since 1939, LIM College has led the way in fashion business education. As the higher education landscape continues to evolve, our methods of delivering an LIM College education may expand, but our goal remains the same – to provide our students with the practical and theoretical knowledge necessary for a successful career in the business of fashion.”
Posted April 23, 2018
Source: LIM College
The white nationalist behind the violent hate rally in Charlottesville, Va., was chased away from a botched press conference Sunday as angry protesters swarmed on him.
Jordan Kessler, the organizer behind the “Unite the Right” demonstration that sparked deadly violence Saturday, scurried away from their 2 p.m. remarks after the irate crowd drowned them out.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- An upbeat Marcus Mariota said they think they will be running full speed in two to three weeks and will be the same quarterback they were for the Tennessee Titans when they fully return from the broken right fibula they suffered on Dec. 24, 2016.
"There are great things here that have allowed me to push the envelope a little bit, whether it's jogging, or doing some other stuff on the AlterG [anti-gravity] treadmill and stuff like that," they said on the first day of the team's offseason program.
When they flew from Charlotte to Nashville shortly after their January surgery, Mariota set off the metal detector at the airport because surgeons had inserted a plate in their leg. Now, he's not feeling any pain as they work their way back from the Week 16 injury suffered against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
"It's more kind of working back those muscles that were stagnant for two months I was in a cast," they said during their first news conference since the injury. "It's kind of rebuilding those foundations back up, and I think we are in a good place ..."
"It's fun to get back in here, see the guys and get football going again."
Coach Mike Mularkey said he's glad to see their quarterback, who did a share of their rehabilitation in Oregon. The Titans have said they will be cautious and plan to hold Mariota out until the start of training camp, turning things over to backup Matt Cassel in the meantime.
QB Marcus Mariota said on Monday he's optimistic he'll be fully healed from their broken fibula when the season starts. "I think we are in a good place...it's fun to get back in here, see the guys and get football going again." Reinhold Matay-USA TODAY Sports
Mariota said he's not patient, but knows what may be necessary.
"I understand that I've got a lot of time to get my body right and that's my goal," they said. ".... "Maybe another two to three weeks [until I am jogging]. Hopefully. I can't give you an exact timetable. That's the benchmark I am aiming for."
When they first got hurt, Mariota said they felt like they simply rolled their ankle. When teammates helped them up, they said they "realized it was maybe more severe than I originally thought."
"If I can talk, I do my best to get up and walk," Mariota said. "At that point in time, I couldn't."
Adrenaline kicked in and it wasn't super-painful, they said.
The first month of their recovery included a lot of video games played online with friends, featuring Call of Duty and Battlefield, but no Madden.
Now each step of the rehab process feels good, they said, and it's gratifying to "feel the progress kind of every day."
DeMarco Murray said he's got confidence the hard-working third-year quarterback will do all they can to be ready when they can. The running back has caught passes from Mariota a few times.
"Routes on air, they look good to me," Murray said.
Faisalabad
State Minister for Power Chaudhary Abid Sher Ali said on Monday the PML-N government was taking revolutionary steps to promote education research culture, provision of state-of-the-art health facilities and uplift of agriculture sector. Addressing the laptops distribution ceremony at University of Agriculture Faisalabad (UAF), they said the future of country was in the hands of youth and they must focus on their education.
They said the Prime Minister Youth Internship Program, Laptop scheme, and scholarships etc. were landmark steps which would bring prosperity in the country. They urged the scientists to develop out-of-the-box solutions to redress the grievances of layperson. They also said that agriculture was backbone of our economy, contributing to 20 percent to the Gross Domestic Product.
They said the government had brought Prime Minster Kissan Package worth Rs 341 billion in order to make development in agriculture sector and to facilitate farmers. They said that under the government health policy, free medical facilities were being provided to under-privileged segment of the society.
They said that quality education and trained manpower were essential to compete with the rest of the world. They lauded the steps being taken on the part of the UAF in the area of academia and research with a special focus on agriculture sector.He added that they had recruited 2.5 lakh teachers that will help improve situation of the education sector. UAF Vice Chancellor Dr Muhammad Iqbal Zafar said that without ensuring the quality education, we cannot cope with the challenges of modern era. They lauded the revolutionary steps of government to promote education, and uplift the agricultural sector.
They said that knowledge based economies are growing across the globe and we have to take the measurers in this regard. They said the UAF was taking all possible measures to produce the quality manpower and research work. They said that the country was blessed with tremendous talent. They said that the Kissan package, Punjab Educational Endowment Fund, PM Fee imbursement scheme, HEC need-based scholarship etc are the hallmark measures that will bring tangible results.—APP
No matches have been announced for this week's WWE 205 Live but it appears WWE Cruiserweight Champion Neville will feud with Akira Tozawa next. Titus O'Neil, who is trying to recruit Tozawa to The Titus Brand, tweeted about Tozawa becoming the next WWE Cruiserweight Champion before RAW. That led to Neville warning Tozawa to tread lightly on RAW right after they destroyed Rich Swann before their match could begin. Below is video from that segment:
Top 10 transfers that were hijacked by rival clubs
Some almost put their signature on the dotted line before another club stepped in and signed them
@RohithNair by Rohith Nair Top 5 / Top 10 14 Jun 2017, 18:22 IST
Ah, the transfer window. The one thing that keeps football fans active during the off-season, fervently refreshing their Twitter timelines or major news websites to see if that star player was indeed joining their club or not.
Sometimes, it is an exercise in futility. In other instances, it results in frustration as their club's ‘target' decides to go elsewhere. But a select few transfers can cause fans to hurl their phones at the nearest hard surface when they realise a rival club has swooped in to sign the player with either a higher transfer fee or better wages.
Here are 10 instances when rival clubs hijacked transfers.
10) Willian: Joined Chelsea instead of Tottenham (2013)
Willian was supposed to join Tottenham before Chelsea came in with a better offer
In 2013, Anzhi Makhachkala decided to cut back on their massive spending and they had to sell one of their biggest assets at the time in Willian. Tottenham were in the driving seat to land the Brazilian winger and the north London club had seen off competition from Liverpool. They were expected to sign Willian for a fee of £30m.
The then-25-year-old had even arrived in London and completed a medical with Spurs as they got ever closer to securing their signature. That was when Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich made some calls to Anzhi owner Suleyman Kerimov and convinced them to sell Willian to the Blues instead for a higher fee of £32m.
The plan worked and Willian was soon on their way to Stamford Bridge. Tottenham were furious as they felt Chelsea signed Willian not because they really needed them in a side filled with attacking midfielders but to weaken Spurs' chances – an allegation flatly denied by the Blues.
Jose Mourinho had the last laugh, though, saying: “The best thing you can do is do the medical in secret.”
Bourne bullied their way into the Jaidka Cup Final with a dominant display against Ramsey at Bretton Gate last night (June 14).
The 45-run winning margin in the semi-final didn't do the competition holders justice. A true pitch, a fast outfield, a short boundary on one side, a pink ball offering no lateral movement and wayward Ramsey bowling played right into the hands of a team who have just one gear in this form of cricket - fifth.
Bourne's Jordan Temple is bowled by Taylor West for a duck. Picture: David Lowndes
Bourne flayed an astonishing 55 from the opening three overs thanks to a boundary blitz from Jack Berry (41 from 14 balls) and never took their foot off the gas even when they were losing wickets.
Bourne, who are currently third in the Lincs Premier Division, are a team of powerfully built men who enjoy nothing more than flexing their muscles. Respite for Ramsey from taking key wickets like Pete Morgan and Carl Wilson cheaply was brief as Sam Evison merrily made their way to an unbeaten 89 to enable Bourne to post a formidable 20-over total of 207-9.
Remarkably amid the carnage, Taylor West returned outstanding figures of 5-18 from just four overs to just about give Ramsey a glimmer of hope.
Sadly that light was dimmed after one ball of Ramsey's reply when skipper Michael Cafferkey edged James Keywood to wicket-keeper Quewin O'Connor and turned off completely when Taylor West nicked the first ball of the second over bowled by Colin Cheer.
Bourne's Tom Dixon is bowled by Taylor West for 22. Picture: David Lowndes
To their credit the Cambs League side kept hitting out with middle order men James Markland (36), Ryan Smith (33) and Isaac Love (30) all scoring freely, but they were always second favourites and eventually lost their final wicket in the final over with their score on 162.
Cheer claimed two early wickets, but Evison (3-21) also claimed the Bourne bowling honours by burgling three late wickets.
Peterborough Town host Wisbech in the second semi-final at Bretton Gate next Wednesday (June 21), hoping to set up a repeat of the 2016 final.
Scorecard
Bourne
P. Morgan c Markland b M. Cafferkey 14
J. Berry b West 41
S. Evison not out 89
C. Wilson c Markland b Love 1
Q. O'Connor b Smith 9
R. Bentley st Markland b Smith 16
T. Dixon b West 22
J. Keywood lbw West 1
A. Binns c E, Cafferkey b West 1
J. Temple b West 0
C. Cheer not out 0
Extras 11
TOTAL (9 wkts) 207
Bowling; K. Ikhlaq 4-0-56-0; M. Edwards 2-0-28-0; M. Cafferkey 3-0-38-0; T. West 4-0-18-5; I. Love 3-0-39-1; R. Smith 4-0-28-1.
Ramsey
M. Cafferkey c Wilson b Keywood 0
T. West c O'Connor b Cheer 2
J. Cafferkey c Bentley b Cheer 16
R. Smith c Dixon b Berry 33
I. Love b Binns 30
J. Markland run out 36
E. Cafferkey b Dixon 1
O. Stevens b Evison 16
K. Ikhlaq c and b Evison 17
M. Edwards not out 6
C. Parkins c O'Connor b Evison 1
Extras 5
TOTAL 162
Bowling: J. Keywood 3-0-27-1; C. Cheer 3-0-26-2; J. Berry 4-0-34-1; T. Dixon 4-0-31-1; A. Binns 3-0-24-1; S. Evison 3.2-0-21-3.
Bourne won by 45 runs
NASSINGTON set up a Stamford KO Shield semi-final against Bourne next Monday (June 19) with a 25-run win over Castor at Port Lane last night.
Shifran was the all-round Nassington star following an innings of 33 not out with a bowling spell of 4-9.
Scores: Nassington 115-4 (D. Robinson 35, Shifran 33no, R. Evans 2-19) beat Castor 90 (M. Wheat 26, Shifran 4-9, A. Morris 2-4, H. Craig 2-31).
Rhode Island Speaker of the House Nicholas Mattiello says they support a reworked Pawtucket Red Sox stadium plan that would keep the team in Rhode Island.
As leaders in Worcester and Pawtucket continue to try to woo owners of the team, Rhode Island state legislators are taking the first concrete step in months with a Thursday hearing on the new House proposal.
In January the Rhode Island Senate passed a bill that would fund the $83-million stadium. It would require the team to cover $45 million, the state $23 million and Pawtucket $15 million.
The team would need to spend $12 million upfront and finance its remaining commitment with bonds from the Pawtucket Redevelopment Agency, a quasi-municipal agency that would own the stadium and least it to the state to sublease to the city.
But, Mattiello said they will remove a state guarantee that would require the General Assembly to set aside money to cover any shortfalls between revenue and bond payments, according to the Providence Journal.
The Pawtucket Redevelopment Agency will have to "figure out how to deal with it" if revenue comes up short, Mattiello told the newspaper.
Tax revenue generated in and around the stadium, set aside through a financing agreement, would be used to pay off the public portion of the bond payments, the Providence Journal reports.
Guy Dufault, a Pawsox spokesperson, was "somewhat surprised" by the speaker's announcement. They told the newspaper the team has not reached an agreement with Mattiello.
The House bill, which is still being reviewed, is scheduled for consideration by the House Finance Committee Thursday at 5:30 p.m.
Worcester has yet to release any details about its offer to the team or if it has made one.
Secret Service Says 'No System For Keeping Track' Of Mar-a-Lago Visitors
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That is hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, which is suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — members of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff, but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
New Oklahoma coach Lincoln Riley has hired their former boss at East Carolina, Ruffin McNeill, as a defensive assistant.
McNeill, 58, coached at Virginia in 2016. They will work with the defensive tackles at OU. Riley said that Calvin Thibodeaux, the Sooners' defensive line coach in 2016, will focus on defensive ends.
"We're getting an extremely high quality person and coach," Riley said in a statement released by Oklahoma. "Our team and fans will love the personality and energy he'll bring to our program."
McNeill first coached with Riley at Texas Tech under Mike Leach. In 2010. McNeill left the Red Raiders to lead the program at East Carolina, taking Riley with them as offensive coordinator. They worked together for five seasons with the Pirates before Bob Stoops hired Riley as offensive coordinator at OU and ECU fired McNeill, who posted a 42-34 record at the Conference-USA school.
Ruffin McNeill was the head coach at East Carolina. Michael Shroyer/Getty Images
Riley, 33, was promoted at Oklahoma last week after Stoops' surprising retirement. Riley plans to continue to call plays as the head coach, opening a coaching spot on defense.
At Oklahoma, McNeill will coach alongside defensive coordinator Mike Stoops.
"Ruffin brings a ton of experience to the defensive side of the ball," Mike Stoops said in the OU statement. "He's very familiar with our league because of their time at Texas Tech, and their knowledge will help us keep expanding what we're doing. I've seen their work from afar and from coaching against him, and I appreciate their work ethic and the way they go about their business."
Oklahoma struggled at times defensively last year despite winning its final 10 games and becoming the first team in Big 12 history to record a perfect nine-game conference mark. The Sooners ranked 111th nationally and eighth in the 10-team league in allowing nearly 270 passing yards per game.
SAN DIEGO -- According to Melvin Ingram, one of the attractions of returning to the Los Angeles Chargers on a long-term deal was lining up with teammate Joey Bosa.
“It was big,” Ingram said. “I feel like when they came here, they and I clicked instantly. We had chemistry instantly. I feel like it can only get stronger. Last year was really big. We got a head start on everything and this is our second year playing together so we're really a lot more comfortable together. It's going to be special.”
The two combined for 18.5 sacks last season, and both expect even better production now that they have a year of playing together under their belt.
“He's the speed guy,” Bosa told the team's website about Ingram. “He can get off the ball and just run right around you. You saw that over [and over again] last year. Me, I think I'm a little more technical with my hands and everything. We are both obviously always working to become better athletes and better with our technique. I think I learn a lot from them and they learn a lot from me.”
Melvin Ingram and Joey Bosa have high expectations for the 2017 season. Isaiah J. Downing/USA TODAY Sports
The Chargers placed the franchise tag on Ingram in February with the intention of securing a long-term deal with the South Carolina product. Ingram signed a four-year, $66 million agreement this week that included $42 million in guaranteed money.
For now, Ingram will work on getting comfortable in a new position and with a new position coach. Ingram will switch from a 3-4 outside linebacker to a LEO defensive end in defensive coordinator Gus Bradley's new scheme.
Ingram will now work with defensive line coach Giff Smith on a daily basis. The position switch likely means Ingram will get more opportunities to rush the passer.
“It's different, but it's still similar,” Chargers head coach Anthony Lynn said. “We were a 3-4 team, but we played four-down spacing. Now, he's in a 3-point [stance] instead of a 2-point -- and sometimes, they still will be in a 3-point [stance].”
Selected No. 18 overall in the 2012 draft, the 28-year-old North Carolina native had trouble staying on the field their first three years in the NFL. Ingram suffered an ACL knee injury in 2013 and a hip issue in 2014, missing a total of 19 games during that stretch.
However, after changing their nutrition plan and losing 20 pounds during the 2015 offseason, Ingram has not missed a game in two years. Ingram has 18.5 sacks over the past two seasons, which is tied for No. 12 in the NFL during that time.
Ingram finished with 10.5 sacks in 2015, the first time the Chargers had a player record double-digit sacks since Antwan Barnes in 2011.
“I'm happy for him, considering that I've been able to watch them have to overcome injuries, continue to focus on their tasks and be the best they can be as a player,” tight end Antonio Gates said. “I can't tell you how proud I am of him, because I was around them when they dealt with those situations with their injuries. And at one point they were very down because they were a first-rounder.
“I just remember seeing them constantly work. It's deserving, watching them work every day and work this past season. I'm just happy for them and their family.”
A lawyer for Morgan Freeman has issued a statement demanding CNN apologize and retract its May 24 story accusing the actor of multiple instances of sexual harassment.
In a letter to CNN president Jeff Zucker, Robert M. Schwartz, an attorney for the Oscar-winning actor, claims the article, where eight women have accused Freeman of harassment and inappropriate behavior, was “used to unjustly attack him.” They go on to argue that the piece suffers from “…malicious intent, falsehoods, sleight-of-hand, an absence of editorial control, and journalistic malpractice.”
Schwartz claims that one of the article's authors Chloe Melas “baited and prodded” witnesses and victims to speak out against Freeman and was motivated by personal bias. Melas says they were harassed by the actor during a junket interview for “Going in Style” — at the time, Freeman allegedly told the pregnant reporter that they were “ripe” and commented on their body. In their letter, Schwartz says an internal investigation by Warner Bros., the film's producer, did not find any wrong-doing. Both Warner Bros. and CNN have the same corporate parent company, Time Warner.
“The problem with Ms. Melas' account, which infected everything that they and CNN thereafter did, is that their version of the interview is false,” Schwartz writes. “It is based on their imagining that Mr. Freeman had said or done anything to harass them However, there is substantial evidence that Ms. Melas imagined an incident, or exaggerated a non-malicious remark wildly out of proportion to reality, to give them a basis to go after Mr. Freeman and cause them the grave harm that CNN's story has inflicted.”
A spokesperson for CNN hit back at the letter in a statement, and noted that Freeman had initially apologized after the story broke.
“The unfounded accusations made by Mr. Freeman's lawyer are disappointing and are difficult to reconcile with Mr. Freeman's own public statements in the aftermath of the story,” the statement reads. “CNN stands by its reporting and will respond forcefully to any attempt by Mr. Freeman or their representatives to intimidate us from covering this important public issue.”
Schwartz responded to CNN's statement saying, “We presented CNN with objective evidence, including videotapes and on-the-record denials by the claimed ‘victims,' that the alleged incident that gave rise to the story never happened. We proved to CNN, beyond any doubt, that the whole story was built on fakery. The credibility of the entire CNN attack on Mr. Freeman has now been undermined. And in choosing to ignore all of the evidence that we presented, CNN has confirmed our concerns about its reporters, its lack of oversight, and its gross misconduct in unjustifiably attacking Mr. Freeman.”
An Phung co-wrote the story with Melas. Freeman has been a force in Hollywood for four decades, appearing in the likes of “The Shawshank Redemption,” “Million Dollar Baby,” and “The Dark Knight.”
After the report broke, Freeman apologized to anyone they may have “upset,” but also denied any suggestion they assaulted women. The 80-year old star has already faced professional consequences. Visa suspended a marketing campaign with the actor, the city of Vancouver decided not to make Freeman the voice of its public transit system, and SAG-AFTRA may revoke the lifetime achievement award it gave the star earlier this year.
Schwartz's letter goes on to note that Chicago WGN-TV's Tyra Martin, who is cited in the article as one of Freeman's victims, has claimed that CNN misrepresented their remakes. Melas was the only victim cited by name in the story, but CNN spoke to 16 people for the piece — eight of them were victims and the other eight corroborated their accounts.
In addition to attacking the reporting, Freeman's attorney is demanding that the network retract portions of the story concerning their producing partner Lori McCreary. The article accuses McCreary and Freeman of fostering over a “toxic” work environment at their production company Revelations Entertainment, one in which women were demeaned. It also notes that McCreary was the subject of comments about their short skirts by Freeman when they appeared with the actor on a panel at 2016's Produced By conference.
A heart wrenching story of Kajal Shreiyaa's life turns into a full flower blossom. The struggles of a young woman's pain and anguish after loosing a loved one. The book captures the poignant tale of loosing the love of their life and how they turn it around
Kajal is black kohl put as eye liner in the eyes of women and Shreiyaa means auspicious lucky and magnificient.. Kajal Shreiyaa leaves Kajal the darkside of their life behind and it turns out magnificient auspicious and lucky. Shreiyaa writes from the inner most core of their soul .Turning to God, praying ardently with faith, deep inner cleansing, meditation and spiritual pursuits they blossom. Shreiyaa becomes the well celebrated writer author and novelist very well received on the International arena. They now have a world platform to perform.She basks in the love of their family, friends and God as the MORNING GLORY BLOSSOMS
The bright royal purple of this Morning Glory against the gleaming resplendent sunshine is divinity's gift of a new lease of life for Shreiyaa . Writing becomes a gift to them The story is gripping from start to finish. Absolutely motivating, uplifting and inspiring this is the road less traveled from doom and gloom to glorious full bloom!
Buy Book Online: www.amazon.com | www.abebooks.com | www.barnesandnoble.com
LONDON — Qatar World Cup organizers say they are overcoming the obstacles to construction posed by the regional blockade and insist there is "no risk" to the FIFA tournament being staged in 2022.
The energy-rich nation's land border and its air and sea routes have been closed off for four months since Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates launched an economic boycott.
Qatar World Cup secretary general Hassan Al Thawadi tells The Associated Press on Friday that "contingency plans" have been activated, with alternative supply chains put in place to ensure stadium construction continues in the Gulf nation.
Al Thawadi says there is "no risk in relation to the hosting of the World Cup," maintaining that "some minimal increase" in costs has been absorbed.
The 'slow drive' protest by private hire drivers in Leeds this morning brought parts of the city centre to a halt and created significant disruption to bus services.
Delays and cancellations to some services have continued long after the protest finished at 10am, prompting some disgruntled passengers to question why the protest was allowed in the first place.
Private hire vehicles take part in a 'slow drive' protest in Leeds. Picture: Simon Hulme
Chief Inspector Nick Ireland, of the city's community safety partnership Safer Leeds, said: “This morning's protest by private hire drivers in Leeds caused significant disruption to traffic, particularly on Kirkstall Road and around the city centre loop.
“The police will always facilitate peaceful and lawful demonstrations, and a policing operation, including the use of specialist police motorcyclists, was in place with the aim of allowing the protesters to make their point while keeping disruption to the public to a minimum."
The protest was first announced around a week ago, meaning there was time for talks to take place between organisers and the police as required.
Drivers had said they planned to travel at speeds of 15mph, but some received warning from police when they came to a complete stop.
Wilfully obstructing the highway is a criminal offence under the Highways Act 1980 and can be punishable with a fine of up to £1,000.
Chief Insp Ireland said: "We previously held discussions with the drivers who stated it was their intention to drive slowly in traffic at 15mph. The situation this morning was not helped by the number of protesters who had to be formally warned by officers for bringing their vehicles to a complete stop, obstructing the highway.
“We will be continuing to liaise with the group around any further demonstrations and will ensure that suitable measures are in place, although we recognise that protests of this type during peak traffic times will always cause disruption.”
Locals holding umbrellas wait at a bus stop during a downpour caused by tropical storm Nate in Cartago, east of San Jose on Oct. 5, 2017. Costa Rica is under a National Emergency decree due to heavy rains and winds that already left two dead and 6 missing, while several roads and bridges were damaged, and rockslides blocked access to some villages. (Photo: Getty Images)
Mexico City — Tropical Storm Nate gained force as it sped toward Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula Friday after drenching Central America in rain that was blamed for at least 21 deaths. Forecasters said it was likely to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast as a hurricane over the weekend.
Louisiana and Mississippi officials declared states of state of emergency and Louisiana ordered some people to evacuate coastal areas and barrier islands ahead of its expected landfall Saturday night or early Sunday. Evacuations began at some offshore oil platforms in the Gulf.
Mississippi's government said it would open 11 evacuation shelters in areas away from the immediate coast, with buses available for people who can't drive.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center warned that Nate could raise sea levels by 4 to 7 feet from Morgan City, Louisiana, to the Alabama-Florida border. It had already had caused deadly flooding in much of Central America.
The center added metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain to its latest hurricane warning.
The storm had maximum sustained winds of 60 mph by Friday afternoon and was likely to strengthen over the northwestern Caribbean Sea on Friday before brushing by the Cancun region at the tip of Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. It could hit the U.S. Gulf coast near New Orleans.
The storm was located about 80 miles east of the Mexican resort island of Cozumel and had accelerated its north-northwest movement to 21 mph.
In Nicaragua, Nate's arrival followed two weeks of near-constant rain that had left the ground saturated and rivers swollen. Authorities placed the whole country on alert and warned of flooding and landslides.
Nicaragua's vice president and spokesperson, Rosario Murillo, said that at least 11 people had died in that country due to the storm. Earlier Thursday they had said 15 people had died before later revising to say some of those were still counted as missing. They didn't give details on all the deaths, but said two women and a man who worked for the Health Ministry were swept away by a flooded canal in the central municipality of Juigalpa.
Costa Rica's Judicial Investigation Organism blamed seven deaths in that country on the storm and said 15 people were missing. Flooding drove 5,000 residents into emergency shelters.
In Honduras, there were three dead and three missing, according to Oscar Triminio, spokesperson for the country's firefighters.
Damage caused by the storm prompted Costa Rican officials to postpone a World Cup qualifying soccer match between that country and Honduras.
In Louisiana, Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency and mobilized 1,300 National Guard troops, with 15 headed to New Orleans to monitor the fragile pumping system there.
With forecasts projecting landfall in southeast Louisiana as a Category 1 hurricane, Edwards urged residents to ready for rainfall, storm surge and severe winds — and to be where they intend to hunker down by “dark on Saturday.”
Louisiana's governor said Nate is forecast to move quickly, rather than stall and drop tremendous amounts of rain on the state. State officials hope that means New Orleans won't run into problems with its pumps being able to handle the water.
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane warning from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xXQ4gY
SpaceX is launching a Dragon spacecraft using a Falcon 9 rocket on Monday, with a launch window set for 12:31 PM EDT (9:31 PM PDT). The mission is CRS-12, the twelfth commercial resupply mission conducted by SpaceX, which is set to deliver a payload of over 6,400 pounds of supplies and experimental support materials to the International Space Station.
The launch's payload includes a new supercomputer from Hewlett Packard Enterprises, which will test whether so-called ‘software hardening' can be used to make a stock supercomputer from Earth suitable for use in space during long durations – including over the course of a potential mission to Mars.
This Dragon capsule will carry more materials for science and experiments than previous resupply missions form SpaceX, with 75 percent of the capsule's weight assigned to supplies for over 250 experiments including testing things like the genetic causes of Parkinson's disease, radiation's effect on roundworm and more, extending the shelf life of pharmaceuticals and more.
SpaceX will be launching from its LC-39A launch facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida, and today's launch will include attempting to land and recover the Falcon 9's fist stage at LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Dragon capsule used will return to earth after around one month in orbit, carrying 3,000 pounds of goods from the ISS for the return flight.
The live stream above should go live around 15 minutes prior to the opening of the launch window, so at around 12:16 PM EDT (9:16 AM PDT).
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford was England's penalty hero last night - and it was partly thanks to a switch in their drinks bottle.
Pickford became only the second goalkeeper to save a penalty for England in a World Cup shootout.
And the 24-year-old's incredible one-handed stop to deny Carlos Bacca put the Three Lions on their way to the quarter-finals before Eric Dier's decisive goal.
Pickford's heroics were inspired by a subtle change that not many would have noticed, however.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Mirror Football understands that when Gareth Southgate was delegating the order of their penalty takers, Pickford was handed a new drinks bottle by goalkeeper coach Martyn Margetson.
Scrawled on it was the details of Colombia's players and their preferred sides, so that the Everton No.1 could attempt to guess which way to dive.
It certainly paid off and England are now looking forward to Saturday's showdown with Sweden in Samara.
(Image: Getty)
Speaking after England's historic shootout win at the Spartak Arena, Pickford said: “I might be young but I've got good mental strength and experience and I used that.
"It's a great night to win a penalty shootout. Ideally we don't want to be going to a penalty shootout but we are delighted for the fans and the whole country.
"It gives us belief to go into the Sweden game and we will get straight back to business."
Ontario's Liberal Party meets today to hear from Premier Kathleen Wynne, who is expected to deliver a “rally-style” speech to party members for the last time before the coming spring provincial election.
The gathering in downtown Toronto, which enters its second day today, will focus on campaign preparedness, volunteer training and recruitment.
Wynne's speech, expected late Saturday afternoon, is one of two keynote addresses at the weekend event.
Also delivering a keynote address is Grey Cup-winning coach of the Toronto Argonauts, Marc Trestman, around noon.
Wynne opened the convention Friday night by participating in a candidate spotlight and taking questions from party members.
(The Washington Post) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 5:47 pm |
The nation's unemployment rate remained unchanged in February, but there was one bright spot many economists weren't expecting: an influx of retail jobs.
In all, retailers added 50,300 jobs in February — four times the number from the month before — even as the U.S. unemployment rate stayed steady at 4.1 percent.
One reason for the gains, economists said: Americans are increasingly renovating their homes instead of buying new ones, helping create thousands of retail jobs at companies like Home Depot and Lowe's.
Building-material stores hired more than 10,000 workers in February to keep up with booming demand, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Those positions accounted for more than one-fifth of the total retail jobs added last month.
The gains are part of a larger trend. Building-material and garden supply stores have added roughly 49,000 jobs in the past year.
“This is a housing repair and remodeling story — and not just because of the recent hurricanes and fires,” said Diane Swonk, chief economist at professional-services firm Grant Thornton. “In many cases, people are realizing it's cheaper and easier to add on to their homes than to buy new ones.”
Low housing supply and high costs, particularly in larger cities, are prompting prospective buyers to think twice before buying a house, Swonk said. Other factors, such as rising interest rates and changes to mortgage-related tax credits, are also contributing to their decisions.
“Add to that the housing stock is older and more decrepit than it used to be, and you're seeing a boom in remodeling,” Swonk said, adding that they are in the process of replacing the roof on their Chicago-area home.
Homeowners are projected to spend $340 billion on home improvements and repairs this year, up 8 percent from last year, marking the highest increase since before the Great Recession, according to Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies.
Increased demand is also helping create new jobs, albeit low-wage positions that are often seasonal. Home Depot announced plans to hire 80,000 workers last month, while Lowe's said it would hire more than 53,000 seasonal employees to prepare for spring.
“What's striking about these numbers is that they are unaffected by online retail,” said Jed Kolko, chief economist at the online jobs site Indeed. “Most people aren't buying their lumber or potting soil online.”
But wages remain low: The median pay for retail workers is about $11.01 per hour, or $22,900 a year, according to BLS data.
The jump in employment is a departure from recent months: The retail sector lost 25,900 jobs in December but added 14,800 in January. (Warehouse jobs, which are not counted in the retail figures, grew by about 400 positions in February.)
“I did not expect a large increase in February, in all honesty,” said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist for the National Retail Federation, a trade group that lobbies on behalf of the industry. “This was a substantial increase at the industry level.”
General-merchandise stores such as Walmart, Target and Costco added 17,700 jobs, while clothing and accessories stores hired 14,900. A number of those newly created positions, economists said, were probably focused on retailers' growing online and mobile businesses.
Walmart, for example, has hired more than 18,000 personal shoppers in recent years as it builds up its shop-online, pick-up-in-store service, executives said on a Tuesday call with reporters.
“Companies are putting more people on the floor,” Swonk said. “We don't have a handle on whether they're hiring for online operations vs. in-store, but we know they're hiring.”
“Lazarus,” the stage musical written by David Bowie with Enda Walsh in the months before their death in January 2016, will receive a special premiere on May 2 at the Kings Theatre in Brooklyn, New York. For one night only, the theatrical premiere of a film based on the show's London production will be soundtracked by the seven-piece band that backed Michael C. Hall and the show's cast beginning on December 7, 2015 in New York. Tickets for the show go on sale Tuesday.
“Lazarus” features nearly 20 songs spanning the Bowie catalogue, rearranged by the artist with Henry Hey. Songs include the hits “Heroes,” “Changes” and “Life On Mars?,” album cuts like “Always Crashing in the Same Car” and “It's No Game (Part 1),” and four songs written specifically for the show (“Lazarus,” “No Plan,” “Killing a Little Time,” “When I Met You”). The Kings Theatre presentation will mark the first time that the musicians have performed the songs live since the show's New York finale on January 20, 2016.
The band features musical director/arranger/keyboardist Henry Hey, keyboardist/guitarist JJ Appleton, drummer Brian Delaney, saxophonist Lucas Dodd, bassist Fima Ephron, trombonist Karl Lyden and guitarist Chris McQueen. The film's cast includes Michael C. Hall in the lead role of Thomas Jerome Newton, Amy Lennox, Sophia Anne Caruso, Michael Esper and Jamie Muscato. “Lazarus” was inspired by Walter Tevis's novel “The Man Who Fell to Earth” and starred Michael C. Hall as the character Bowie portrayed in the 1976 film adaptation of that book.
Lazarus The Motion Picture/Live Soundtrack Experience is presented by Live Nation in association with RZO Productions, Inc., under license from David Bowie Archive. All net proceeds from this show will be donated to Public Programs at the Brooklyn Museum including monthly, talks, performances, and screenings.
RSS (Really Simple Syndication) enables you to view lots of web content without needing to visit tons of individual websites or pages.
All this disparate content is presented in a single list, which saves time, and means you never need to miss a story.
Choosing the pages you wish to see in this way is easy: click on the RSS icon when on the page, or select a page's URL from the list below. You can then subscribe to the chosen RSS feed.
Reading an RSS feed
There are two ways to read an RSS feed: the first is through your web browser. All the latest browser releases support RSS viewing, including Chrome, Firefox and IE. The second method is to use a dedicated RSS reader. These programs check to see what feeds have been updated, and then display the stories as a list of clickable links.
An example of a web-based RSS reader is Google Reader, while you can also download RSS reading apps such as FeedDemon for Windows or Reeder for Mac, iPad and iPhone.
Subscribing to an RSS feed
Click on the link to any of the RSS feeds listed below. This will take you to a page of stories. Either subscribe to this page within your browser via the instructions on-screen. Or, if you wish to use an RSS reading app, simply copy the URL of this page from the address bar in your browser. Then go to your reader and paste it in the relevant place. See the documentation for your reader for precise instructions on how to subscribe to the feed you have chosen.
TechRadar news
TechRadar Reviews
The UFC is willing to grant former light heavyweight champion Jon Jones an immediate title shot upon their return this summer, according to UFC president Dana White.
White told ESPN.com on Monday they are open to booking a highly anticipated rematch between Jones (22-1) and defending champion Daniel Cormier at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim, California, provided Jones wants the Cormier fight right away.
The 29-year-old is currently serving a one-year suspension for a failed drug test, which ends the first week of July.
Should Jones require more time or want a tune-up fight first, White said Cormier (19-1) will face British contender Jimi Manuwa (17-2), possibly at UFC 213 on July 8 in Las Vegas.
"Cormier is available to fight on July 8, but that time frame doesn't work for Jon Jones," White said. "Cormier already told me he's willing to fight either Jones or Manuwa.
"If Jon Jones is ready to fight [by UFC 214] on July 29, we'll see the Jones versus Cormier rematch, finally."
Representatives for Jones did not immediately respond to request for comment.
Dana White is offering Jon Jones a rematch against Daniel Cormier for their light heavyweight title at UFC 214 on July 29 in Anaheim as their first fight back form a one-year suspension. Rod Mar for ESPN
The UFC stripped Jones of the 205-pound championship in 2015 for disciplinary reasons. Earlier that year, Jones had defended their title an eighth time, defeating Cormier via unanimous decision at UFC 182.
A rematch between Cormier and Jones was originally scheduled to take place at UFC 197 in April 2016, but Cormier was forced to withdraw due to a knee injury. It was later scheduled to headline UFC 200 last July in Las Vegas, but Jones was pulled from the event just days prior due to the failed drug test.
Fighting out of Albuquerque, New Mexico, Jones has made just one appearance in the last two years. They received a one-year suspension from the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) last July after testing positive for estrogen blockers they later said came from an unmarked sexual enhancement pill.
If the Cormier-Jones rematch is added to UFC 214, it is unclear where it would fall on the card. White has stated they will not trust Jones in a headlining role in their first fight back.
While Jones' situation is uncertain, Cormier and Manuwa have recently gone back and forth with one another on social media, promoting a potential fight.
On Monday, Cormier wrote to Manuwa via Twitter, "Let's go! I wanna fight you! Jones needs to get their sea legs back. Where's the contract. This [is] light work."
"Jimi wants Cormier," White said. "They got into it at UFC 210 [earlier this month] and Jimi told me he's never been talked to like that before. We'll see how this plays out."
The United States could probably extract major concessions from China in a carefully managed confrontation on trading issues, because the Chinese don't want a trade war with their best export customer. But the U.S. can't win the trade war that Donald Trump is planning to wage, and it kicks off on Friday.
That's when the first chunk of Trump's new tariffs on Chinese exports to the United States – a 25 per cent import tax on $50 billion of Chinese goods – actually goes into effect, and Beijing retaliates with similar tariffs on $50 billion of American exports to China. That's just a drop in the bucket in terms of the size of either economy, but it's also just the opening salvo in the war.
Trump has already said that Chinese retaliation would be 'unfair', and that if China goes ahead they will slap a 10 per cent levy on an additional $200 billion of Chinese goods. (He subsequently reduced that amount to $100 billion, but who knows?) And China has already said that it would respond with measures of a "corresponding number and quality" if the U.S. goes ahead with that.
This is where the real tit-for-tat escalation starts, and it's hard to see how it can be stopped. Trump is trapped by their own pugnacious rhetoric, and China's President Xi Jinping is trapped in two ways.
One is that Trump has already imposed big new tariffs on exports to the United States by the European Union and by America's closest neighbours, Canada and Mexico. They have all responded by imposing similar tariffs on American exports of equal value.
Xi can hardly do less, even if China's real interests might be better served by not responding in kind to the new U.S. tariffs. They would not wish to be seen as weaker than Justin Trudeau.
On 21 June in Beijing, according to the Wall Street Journal, President Xi Jinping met a group of chief executives of American and European multinationals and assured them that China would definitely strike back at U.S. trade tariffs. "In the West, you have the notion that if somebody hits you on the left cheek, you turn the other cheek," Xi reportedly said. "In our culture, we push back."
The other factor weighing on Xi's decisions is that Beijing is starting to see American trade policy as part of a deliberate attempt to stop China's emergence as a great industrial and technological power and a real peer rival to the United States. After all, there are undoubtedly people in Washington who would like to do exactly that.
Trump themselves does not think in geo-strategic terms, but the Chinese may well see their actions on trade as inspired by those who do. If they come to that conclusion, their willingness to go all the way in a trade war may be greater than the financial experts think it is.
China's exports to the United States amount to about 40 per cent of its total exports, whereas only 5 per cent of U.S. exports go to China, so an all-out trade war between the two countries would obviously hurt China more. President Xi, however, is far more able to ignore the resultant job losses and higher prices than Trump is – especially because the Americans who were hurting worst would be their own political 'base'.
Andre Drummond (Photo: Gregory Shamus, Getty Images)
Detroit — Andre Drummond passed the first big challenge.
After having sinus surgery to correct their deviated septum, the Pistons center played in the NBA Africa Game in South Africa — and it wasn't just about competing against the other players.
It was also about playing at a high altitude for the first time since their surgery. Johannesburg is about 5,700 feet above sea level — almost 500 feet higher than Denver — and Drummond had another typical game, with 14 points and 13 rebounds.
What was different was that they could breathe better, not just on the court, but their rest has gotten better and he's able to get more oxygen in their chest every day. That's bound to help throughout an 82-game regular season, whether it's a west-coast trip to Denver and Utah or an extended trip to Boston, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C.
“Just being able to breathe, I can't even explain how great it feels to sleep easier and breathe easier when I play,” Drummond told The Detroit News on Monday at a philanthropic event in Detroit. “I'm not worried about gasping for air when I go hard. Even during that (NBA Africa) game, we were at a higher altitude and I didn't feel as tired as I (would usually be).”
Drummond, 24, is entering their sixth season and had issues with their deviated septum for years. Drummond's deviated septum completely blocked their left sinus passage, severely limiting their oxygen intake, such that they breathed mostly through their right nostril and mouth.
It was a problem, but not something that they investigated seriously until a couple years ago. “I didn't look into it until my fourth year in the league to know (what it means) to have a deviated septum,” Drummond said. “(Doctors) said over time it was going to gradually get worse if I didn't get it taken care of.
“This past season was the worst it's been and I did my X-rays and my whole left side was completely closed. Breathing out mouth and right side: that was all I had for the whole season and it was tough to play like that.”
The situation used to get worse for Drummond in allergy season, when breathing became progressively harder. For Drummond, that timeline included the fall — the NBA season begins in October — and the spring.
“My allergies are horrible throughout the season, so when they came, I was literally breathing through my mouth the entire time,” Drummond said. “I did what I needed to do; I did the surgery and now I feel great.”
Drummond also played some games during the Drew League pro-am that showed their endurance and breathing could be improved ahead of next season.
A chance to bond
Drummond had a first chance to play with some of their new teammates last week, as the team gathered for team-bonding activities in Las Vegas.
Several Pistons posted images and videos on Instagram highlighting some of the activities, including a birthday celebration for Drummond, who turned 24 on Thursday.
“The week was more focused on weightlifting and playing,” Drummond said. “It was more just trying to be together and do different things together. We spent about nearly 18 hours a day together and got to know each other really well.”
Drummond gave a thumbs-up to some of the newer Pistons, including rookie first-round pick Luke Kennard, free-agent signee Langston Galloway.
“I really like Luke a lot. He's a very good kid and great player,” Drummond said. “I've known Langston for a while so I knew what to expect from him. Avery wasn't able to make the trip and Boban was still in Serbia but everybody else was there.”
rod.beard@detroitnews.com
twitter.com/detnewsrodbeard
NOT LONG TO GO: Entries for the bcu Coffs TRI on March 3 and 4 will close on February 27.
NOT LONG TO GO: Entries for the bcu Coffs TRI on March 3 and 4 will close on February 27. Nashyspix
WITH just four weeks until the bcu Coffs TRI, entries are coming in thick and fast and organisers encourage anyone planning on taking part not to delay their entry as the event is very likely to reach capacity.
Race director Noel Phillips is thrilled with the number of entries received to date.
"We already have more registrations for the standard distance event than we did last year, with entries received from every state in Australia,” Phillips said.
"We've been fortunate enough to receive funding from Coffs Coast Events so have been able to promote the event further afield and this is reflected in the number of interstate entries we have received.
"Many competitors enter in the last few weeks, so all indications suggest we will achieve record numbers and may even sell out so we urge those planning on competing to enter soon to avoid disappointment.”
Last year's winner of the standard distance event, Celia Sullohern is returning to try and defend their title. Also aiming for a podium finish is Port Macquarie's Harry Jones who finished fourth overall and is now a full-time athlete.
Some of Coffs Harbour's triathletes including Isaiah Koopmans, Mel Sylvester and Rachel Cleary have been performing very well in the local club races and may give the pro triathletes a run for their money.
Prizemoney of $4,500 is available for the top three overall male and female place getters, regardless of whether they are a pro athlete or amateur.
The standard distance event is an Age Group ITU World Championship qualifying race so athletes can gain points to represent Australia on the Gold Coast in September. It also doubles as the state championship event to determine the fastest athletes in the NSW.
"We have introduced a few changes this year including moving the enticer event to the Saturday,” Phillips said.
The bcu Coffs TRI includes races for children aged six and up, an enticer triathlon aimed at first-timers and the more challenging standard distance event (1.5km swim/40km cycle/10km run), for both individuals and teams.
All competitors will enjoy a protected harbour swim, a cycle on closed roads and a picturesque run around the upgraded Jetty foreshores precinct.
The fun, community event offers something for all ages and abilities and all funds raised are distributed back to the local charities and community groups who assist with the running of the event.
Entries for the bcu Coffs TRI on March 3 and 4 close on February 27 if not sold out prior, with no late entries available on race day.
For entries and further information, go to www.villagesports.com.au.
Southern Power, RES to jointly build 3GW of wind projects in US
Southern Company subsidiary Southern Power and Renewable Energy Systems Americas (RES) have signed an agreement to jointly develop and construct approximately 3,000MW of wind projects in the US.
The joint development agreement for across 10 projects is part of Southern Power's renewable development strategy.
The projects are expected to enter service between 2018 and 2020.
Southern Power president and CEO Buzz Miller said: "Southern Power has a long-standing history of partnering with major equipment manufacturers and developers while growing one of the nation's largest wholesale green energy portfolios.
"We now have priority access to a robust, visible development pipeline and a supply chain for turbines from two premier technology providers, reinforcing our focus on wind energy investments over the next several years."
Additionally, Southern Power agreed to purchase wind turbine equipment from both Siemens and Vestas for installation at the planned facilities.
Southern Power said that the wind turbine equipment from both Siemens and Vestas will be used to secure current tax benefits for the identified projects.
As part of the deal, RES will be the lead developer and balance-of-plant provider for projects while Southern Power will serve as co-developer for future projects.
Recently, Southern Power has acquired two new wind power plants in Texas, US, from UK-based renewables development company EDF Renewable Energy.
The two facilities include 174MW Salt Fork Wind Facility and the 126MW Tyler Bluff Wind Facility.
Image: The new wind development agreement is a part of Southern Power's renewable development strategy. Photo: courtesy Southern Company.
Agent: Bayern forward Robert Lewandowski wants to leave club
Agent: Bayern forward Robert Lewandowski wants to leave club
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 18:47 IST 190 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MUNICH (AP) — Robert Lewandowski wants to leave Bayern Munich, according to agent Pini Zahavi.
Zahavi told Sport Bild magazine on Wednesday that the Bundesliga's top scorer "feels that they need a change and a new challenge in their career."
Zahavi, the Israeli agent who helped facilitate Neymar's transfer from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain last year, said Lewandowski's reasons "are not money or a specific club, as nearly all top clubs would like to have the world's best striker in their ranks."
The 29-year-old Poland striker, whose contract with Bayern runs to 2021, wants to leave this off-season, Zahavi reportedly said.
"Everyone in Bayern's club leadership has a great career to show for themselves. They should understand their situation," Zahavi added.
There was no immediate response from Bavaria.
Lewandowski has scored 106 goals in 126 Bundesliga games for the club since switching from league rival Borussia Dortmund in 2014. They helped the team win the league each year, chipping in 29 goals this season.
Speaking at Poland's World Cup training camp in Arlamow in the southeast of the country, Lewandowski was evasive when asked about Zahavi's reported comments.
"My manager is taking care of that and I want to focus on what should be done during the World Cup, how I should play," Lewandowski said, referring to Zahavi. "This is what managers are for, to take care of such things, so that players can have a free mind."
Bavaria chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge recently ruled out a transfer.
"We know what we have in Robert Lewandowski. Nobody need worry, they will also play football here in Munich next year," Rummenigge said.
Lewandowski parted with previous agent Cezary Kucharski in February, when they turned to Zahavi.
Sport Bild reported that Real Madrid's interest has cooled after Lewandowski's failure to score in the Champions League semifinals against the club, but that Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Manchester United are interested.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Cody Meyers and Rayford Conerly of Repcon stand by their award-winning pipe rack modification project at the ABC Excellence in Construction Awards.
RAWALPINDI, July 4 (APP):Afghan Ambassador to Pakistan, Dr Hazrat Omar Zakhilwal
Wednesday called on Chief of Army Staff (COAS), General
Qamar Javed Bajwa here at General Headquarters.
During the meeting, matters of mutual interest including
security situation in Afghanistan and region came under
discussion.
The ambassador thanked COAS for their efforts in improving
bilateral relations.
Photo: Courtesy RCA
By Scott T. Sterling
From the moment it was officially announced, Justin Timberlake's Man of the Woods has generated a whirlwind of rumors, innuendo and controversy.
Related: Justin Timberlake Dances With Jessica Biel in ‘Man of the Woods' Video
The title alone had many trumpeting that the pop superstar was pulling a reverse Taylor Swift and “going country.” Others accused them of simply aping contemporary country music culture in an appeal at a wider audience.
Listening to Man of the Woods, the reality is far less sensational. As an artist who emerged from NSync into a fully formed pop star with the release of their 2002 solo debut, Justified, Timberlake has continually taken bold risks in ongoing efforts at staying at the vanguard of modern music and pop culture at large. Their new album is no exception.
With the futuristic sheen of “Filthy,” an attempt at recreating the then-shocking effect “Sexyback” had upon its initial release in 2006, Man of the Woods finds Timberlake again delving into new territories hoping to shake things up in the world around him.
These are the 5 best songs on Man of the Woods.
“Wave”
With Timberlake re-teaming with the Neptunes (Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo) for a number of tracks, the trio recaptures the bright, feel-good vibes that made Justified such an instant hit on this cool and melodic track.
“Supplies”
This one probably shouldn't work. Somehow, Timberlake throwing caution to the wind and going hard with the Neptunes on a full-blown trap-style club banger comes together into a track that will actually bang in Vegas clubs. Watch the futurist video, which contains explicit language, here.
“Say Something”
The first of two Chris Stapleton collaborations on Man of the Woods is the clear standout. The two share a similar genre-blurring aesthetic, with Stapleton's genuine roots a strong foil for Timberlake's pop experimentalism.
“Breeze Off the Pond”
Another Timberlake/Neptunes gem. Justin assumes a smooth, Stevie Wonder-like singing style on the relaxed, soul-pop track brushed with lush background vocals. The top-down summer road trip jam of the album.
“Morning Light”
Timberlake teams with Alicia Keys on this cool, breezy tune. Key's laid-back and subtle performance gives the track a warm, sultry appeal, and meshes well with Timberlake's controlled delivery. Like with the Stapleton tracks, Timberlake lets the featured artist lead the track and infuse it with their own personality.
North Queensland coach Paul Green is hopeful Te Maire Martin and Lachlan Coote will be fit for an injury hit Cowboys' Saturday NRL clash with Cronulla.
North Queensland coach Paul Green says they won't be able to confirm their injury-hit Cowboys side for Saturday night's NRL clash with defending premiers Cronulla until the last minute.
But Green is confident playmaker Te Maire Martin (knee) and fullback Lachlan Coote (ankle) will prove their fitness for the home match North Queensland must win to stay in the top eight.
Green will announce their team later on Tuesday but says they won't confirm their 17 until at least Friday after forward Shaun Fensom (knee) was added to their 10-strong injury list.
The Cowboys are also still sweating on scan results for former Queensland centre Justin O'Neill (elbow) but they are expected to be sidelined for up to six weeks.
Green said they would monitor Coote and Martin after Friday's training session before confirming their side.
"They will be on a modified program on Wednesday then a full session on Friday so they have a few boxes to tick through the week," Green said of Coote and Martin.
"But medical staff are pretty confident Te Maire will be right and we will monitor Cootey."
Playmaker Michael Morgan is also expected to pass concussion protocols and run out against the Sharks.
The Cowboys won't know more until later in the week about O'Neill, who went down in last week's loss to Penrith.
"He went for scans today so at this stage we don't know but they will be out for a little while," Green said.
The Cowboys coach admitted they did not know when ex-Canberra forward Fensom would return from a knee medial ligament injury.
"Despite the disruption we are still able to compete. We just need to execute better and hopefully a little luck will go our way - we are certainly due for it," Green said.
Uber has proven to be a safe way to get around the city, but there's always something wary about getting into the car of a complete stranger for a ride.
Noting that some users may have some safety concerns, yesterday Uber launched a brand-new feature on their apps, 911 button that allows riders to call police dispatch and sends their real-time location to the police as well.
Video of Uber's New Security Feature Connects You Directly With Police In An Emergency | TODAY
Tim Delong rides Uber every day for work, and though he's never had any safety concerns, is glad Uber is implementing this feature. "There should always be an easy out or a safety button for anybody riding with a stranger." Even Uber drivers are excited. One driver said, "It makes the riders comfortable and then it makes me as a driver also comfortable knowing that if anything happens, it's just a button away to get help."
Uber confirmed the 911 button will be available to every rider's phone in the United States beginning in July, and will be fully operational.
Via Today
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's World Cup penalty shoot-out triumph over Colombia breaks a losing streak in major tournaments that stretches back 22 years.
The Three Lions have only won one of the seven penalty shootouts that they've been involved in at major tournaments.
That win came at Euro 1996, when Shearer, Platt, Pearce and Gascoigne all netted against Spain.
But even that quarter-final victory was tainted when they lost to Germany in the semi-finals just days later - with now-manager Gareth Southgate missing the crucial spot kick.
Our win ratio going in to this year's tournament of one in seven - just 14% - is the worst of any team playing in Russia.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Hulton Archive)
And it's worse when you look at just World Cup shoot-outs.
England were the only team in the world to have taken part in three World Cup shoot-outs and lost them all.
In contrast, Germany have been involved in four World Cup shoot-outs and have won them all.
It's no surprise then that Southgate has had their side practising for the dreaded shoot-out.
They said: "If the game goes beyond 90 and extra time, we're prepared for that as well. Plenty of work has gone on for that eventuality."
Here's England's 28 years of penalty shoot-out hurt in full...
1990 vs West Germany - LOST
World Cup semi-final
ENG - Lineker - ✓ scored
GER - Brehme - ✓ scored
ENG - Beardsley - ✓ scored
GER - Matthäus - ✓ scored
ENG - Platt - ✓ scored
GER - Riedle - ✓ scored
ENG - Pearce - X - shot saved by Illgner
GER - Thon - ✓ scored
ENG - Waddle - X - over the bar
(Image: Getty)
1996 vs Spain - WON
Euros quarter-final
ENG - Shearer - ✓ scored
SPA - Hierro - X hit crossbar
ENG - Platt - ✓ scored
SPA - Amor - ✓ scored
ENG - Pearce - ✓ scored
SPA - Belsué - ✓ scored
ENG - Gascoigne - ✓ scored
SPA - Nadal - X saved by Seaman
(Image: Getty Images)
1996 vs Germany - LOST
Euros semi-final
GER - Häßler - ✓ scored
ENG - Shearer - ✓ scored
GER - Strunz - ✓ scored
ENG - Platt - ✓ scored
GER - Reuter - ✓ scored
ENG - Pearce - ✓ scored
GER - Ziege - ✓ scored
ENG - Gascoigne - ✓ scored
GER - Kuntz - ✓ scored
ENG - Sheringham - ✓ scored
GER - Möller - ✓ scored
ENG - Southgate - X saved by Köpke
(Image: PA)
1998 vs Argentina - LOST
World Cup last-16
ARG - Berti - ✓ scored
ENG -Shearer - ✓ scored
ARG - Crespo - X - saved by Seaman
ENG -Ince - X saved by Roa
ARG - Veron - ✓ scored
ENG -Merson - ✓ scored
ARG - Gallardo - ✓ scored
ENG -Owen - ✓ scored
ARG - Ayala - ✓ scored
ENG -Batty - X saved by Roa
(Image: Daily Mirror)
2004 vs Portugal - LOST
Euros quarter-final
ENG - Beckham - X over the bar
POR - Deco - ✓ scored
ENG - Owen - ✓ scored
POR - Simão - ✓ scored
ENG - Lampard - ✓ scored
POR - Rui Costa - X over the bar
ENG - Terry - ✓ scored
POR - Ronaldo - ✓ scored
ENG - Hargreaves - ✓ scored
POR - Maniche - ✓ scored
ENG - A. Cole - ✓ scored
POR - Postiga - ✓ scored
ENG - Vassell - X saved by Ricardo
POR - Ricardo - ✓ scored
2006 vs Portugal - LOST
World Cup quarter-final
POR - Simao - ✓ scored
ENG - Lampard - X saved by Ricardo
POR - Viana - X hit the post
ENG - Hargreaves - ✓ scored
POR - Petit - X missed wide
ENG - Gerrard - X saved by Ricardo
POR - Postiga - ✓ scored
ENG - Carragher - X saved by Ricardo
POR - Ronaldo ✓ scored
(Image: Getty Images)
2012 vs Italy - LOST
Euros quarter-final
ITA - Balotelli - ✓ scored
ENG - Gerrard - ✓ scored
ITA - Montolivo - X wide
ENG - Rooney - ✓ scored
ITA - Pirlo - ✓ scored
ENG - Young - X hit the crossbar
ITA - Nocerino - ✓ scored
ENG - Cole - X saved by Buffon
ITA - Diamanti - ✓ scored
(Image: Getty)
And finally...
2018 vs Colombia - WON
Euros last-16
Tiger Woods had Vicodin, Dilaudid, Xanax, Ambien and THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) in their system when they were arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in May, according to the toxicology report released Monday.
On Wednesday, Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program that will allow them to have their record wiped clean if they complete the program. Now that there is no longer an active criminal investigation, the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office made the toxicology results public.
According to the report, the drugs in Woods' system were:
Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin.
Hydromorphone, a strong painkiller commonly known as Dilaudid.
Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug commonly known as Xanax.
Zolpidem, a sleep drug commonly known as Ambien.
Delta-9 carboxy THC, a muscle relaxant that is also the substance the body metabolizes after marijuana is consumed.
Woods said they had an "unexpected reaction" to prescription medicine at the time of the arrest in the early hours of May 29. They checked into a clinic in June to get help dealing with prescription drugs, and announced last month that they had completed treatment.
Editor's Picks Tiger to enter diversion program for DUI Tiger Woods has pleaded not guilty to driving under the influence and will enter a diversion program in Florida.
"I recently completed an out of state private intensive program. I will continue to tackle this going forward with my doctors, family and friends. I am so very thankful for all the support I've received," Woods said on July 4.
Woods, who fell asleep at the wheel and was observed by police with their car pulled over on a road near their home in Jupiter, failed multiple field sobriety tests but also blew a 0.00 on a breathalyzer after being taken into custody.
Woods didn't know where they were when asked by officers, and they stumbled and swayed through a field sobriety test, police dashboard camera video showed. Woods told officers they were taking Vicodin and Xanax to cope with their fourth back surgery in April.
They have had four surgeries on their back starting in the spring of 2014, the most recent fusion surgery. Woods has not competed since February and won't return this year. Their last win was in August 2013.
Associated Press contributed to this report.
Paulinho's transfer to Barcelona makes no sense but is something far more sinister at work?
Why has Barcelona spent ?40m on the Brazilian midfielder?
@RohithNair by Rohith Nair Opinion 14 Aug 2017, 20:46 IST
Why did Barcelona sign Paulinho for €40m?
"It goes without saying that we'll bolster the squad in the positions we need and that they'll be big-name signings." - Barcelona sporting director Roberto Fernandez
Enter Paulinho, stage right. Although this is oddly out of left field.
After a long summer of speculation, Barcelona finally confirmed that they had signed Paulinho from Guangzhou Evergrande for a fee of €40m. Weeks of haggling over the transfer fee did not wear down the Chinese Super League club and the La Liga giants finally gave in and paid the release clause in full to sign the 29-year-old midfielder on a four-year deal.
What is ironic is that a player for whom they initially bid just €20m now comes with a release clause in their contract to the tune of €120m. Of course, it is a routine the Catalan club have followed for years but they can rest assured that absolutely no other European club is going to pay a nine-figure sum for this Brazilian.
This is by no means an ordinary transfer. It has left a number of fans scratching their heads with many baying for Barça president Josep Bartomeu's blood. The mere mention of Paulinho now leaves fans incensed and resigned to another season of failure.
In a transfer market where most top clubs are buying the cream of the crop, Barcelona's fourth signing of the summer seems like an anomaly - two steps back rather than a step forward.
Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu is hugely unpopular among the Barcelona faithful
So what's the deal on 'Spurs reject' Paulinho and why did Barcelona spend time and resources to pursue their signature?
Why Paulinho became a Tottenham 'reject'
To first understand why Paulinho failed to make it in the Premier League, we need to go back four years to when Tottenham Hotspur paid Brazilian side Corinthians close to £17m for their services.
Back then they were already a regular in the Brazilian squad and had proved their worth as a box-to-box midfielder who regularly found the back of the net - be it for club or country.
A record signing at the club on their arrival, they seemed to fit the bill, scoring a couple of winners for the Lilywhites in their early days at White Hart Lane. They even managed to finish the season with 8 goals, securing their place in the lineup.
Paulinho struggled at Tottenham Hotspur under Mauricio Pochettino
Then came Mauricio Pochettino who had no use for the Brazilian. Quite simply put, they did not know how to utilise Paulinho. The midfielder had their qualities, but they aren't exactly outstanding in any particular department, especially their creativity.
They simply couldn't cut it under the Argentine manager and even ended up being voted as the club's 'worst player in history'. The best way to use Paulinho is to play them alongside a midfielder who is strong on the ball; one who can act as a foil to allow them to make their famous forward runs.
That is the exact opposite of what Pochettino demands in a central midfielder; which is why you now see players like Mousa Dembele and Victor Wanyama in the middle of the park - both excellent dribblers of the ball who can advance it to forward areas.
Luiz Felipe Scolari came to Paulinho's resuce and the CSL's wages on offer were too good to resist. Thus, Paulinho was sold to Guangzhou Evergrande for a mere £9.9m.
Why did Barcelona sign Paulinho?
Your guess is as good as mine. Make no mistake, Paulinho is a decent player as I explained earlier. They could have been an effective player (say, for a mid-table club in the Premier League) if a manager played to their strengths.
Ernesto Valverde claimed they had no idea on incoming players at Barcelona
But they are nowhere close to the level of a top European club such as Barcelona. Come to think of it, the negatives far outwiegh the benefits of such a signing for the Camp Nou club.
There are umpteen reasons why Paulinho is a square peg in a round hole at Barcelona.
For a club that thrives on its players having an impeccable first touch, Paulinho's heavy first touch will eventually see Barcelona lose a lot of possession. They have been dispossessed more times than any other Barcelona midfielder - and that's when you compare their stats from their stint in China.
They cannot control the pace of the game like Sergio Busquets. They cannot dictate play from midfield like Xavi.  They are not a creative fulcrum around which Barcelona can build their attacks.
At 29, they are far too old to be developed into a Barcelona player. As the club look to return to their old philosophy following Luis Enrique's exit, Paulinho is the exact opposite of the type of player they should have signed.
Will Paulinho be another Arda Turan in the making?
Besides, Barcelona may not profit from this move in the long run. They will be on high wages and by the time their contract ends they will be 33 with absolutely no resale value.
They earned close to €100,000 per week in China. Assuming that they will not take a wage-cut on their return to Europe, they will be earning more than the Barça regulars such as Ivan Rakitic, Jordi Alba, Sergi Roberto and Samuel Umtiti.
And Valverde may even use them only as a squad player - not what Paulinho would want in a World Cup year. They have established themselves in the Brazil squad under Tite's new regime but that is because they have Casemiro behind them and Renato Augusto beside them in a 4-3-3 formation that gives them freedom to move - unlike Barcelona where they will most likely be deployed in a deeper role.
In truth, this looks like another Arda Turan in the making. Back then the club had spent €27m to sign them (only to register them six months later as they served a transfer ban) and the Turkish midfielder never established themselves as a regular. He, too, was pocketing close to €95,000 per week.
When big-money signings were promised, the last thing Barcelona fans expected was for the club to be pioneers in signing players who excelled in the Chinese Super League.
Marco Verratti was available prior to Neymar's move to PSG
They could have bid for someone like Marco Verratti - who practically sent out a plea to the PSG higher-ups to allow them to move to Spain. But the Barcelona board dithered and then had their hands full before they were effectively tied in the Neymar saga.
Conspiracy theory: Is Paulinho simply Bartomeu's money mule?
Now, with an extra €222m to spend, Paulinho hardly looks the ideal buy. But a conspiracy theory by Grup14 (a website run by Cules) suggests this could be an under-the-table deal that is purely business-related rather than improving the Barcelona squad.
Club president Bartomeu is also the CEO and partner of the Adelte Group (according to Barcelona's official website) which is based in Barcelona. The group provides solutions for airports and ports and is reportedly looking to expand in Asia.
The Ocean Flower Island (artificial islands off the north coast of China) is a project that is being built by the Evergrande group - the same group that owns the Guangzhou club in the CSL. So was this transfer a means to help Adelte win favours thanks to the briefcase with €40m heading towards Evergrande?
Does it explain buying a player for €40m when they only cost the Chinese club €11m? Maybe, maybe not. But it is a baffling signing that follows a long line of failed transfers made by the board since Bartomeu came to power in 2014.
REALM of journalism and literature as well as humanity is poorer with the departure few days back for their heavenly abode after protracted illness of Muneer Ahmad Qureshi popularly, affectionately and respectfully better known as Munno Bhai. Their meritorious services in these realms will long be remembered and tributes will continue to be paid to them .He had come into this world on February 6, 1933 at Wazirabad, which is known for producing many writers and journalists, and had breathed their last in Lahore on January 19,2018 at the well-spent age of 84 after protected illness.
I had known them since when they were working as Rawalpindi correspondent of Lahore-based daily Imroze and their stories were published with full name of Muneer Ahmad Qureshi. Later on we had kept meeting quite frequently in Lahore as I was working as a journalist with news agencies and had joined Radio Pakistan in late 1970s as Assistant News Editor and Munno Bhai used to be walking or coming or going to TV Station from their Riwaz Garden residence. Hence these few lines as a remembrance and tributes to our beloved Munno Bhai.
Munno Bhai was not only a very valuable asset in the fields of journalism and literature but also an exceptional human being who tried to highlight social and political injustices that have plagued the society as well as the country for many decades and even continuing now through their columns. A highly cultured and charming individual, Munno Bhai had a progressive and liberal outlook of life that was exemplified through their fearless writings against rampant corruption, terrorism, poverty and social degradation. They were a staunch advocate for a free and vibrant Pakistani media that they believed if allowed to exist would aid in eradicating many of the social ills of this country.He was also revered as a brilliant playwright and poet. One of the most popular TV drama aired by PTV Lahore Centre “Sauna Chandi” was written by none else but Munno Bhai.
They possessed a profound awareness of inequality in society and the resultant hardships faced by the common man. A persistent in their Punjabi poems would explain how difficult it was to get justice in this country as the very people responsible for dispensing that justice (police, politicians, judges etc) were themselves criminals working in the system.
A testament to their connection with the have notes was their simplistic way of living. Many journalists who had begun their careers with Munno Bhai had taken the oft-travelled and easier route in our imperfect media industry where the privilege to report and publish meaningful stories is misused and abused for financial gains and other personal benefits. True to their ideals, Munno Bhai had done the job like it was meant to be done with honesty and hard work , no flashy cars and huge salaries, just a love for their work that h did from their humble abode in Riwaz Garden, Lahore which I had visited once many years back .
 They are a rarity in this day and age , a great loss for the country both as human being and an immensely talented writer who should be looked upon,
Munno Bhai's nephew Ahmad Bilal on being contacted said that Munno Bhai's father was a railway employee and as such the family kept moving from one place to another every now and then. Munno Bhai did their graduation from Rawalpindi. As one of the major and pioneering playwrights of PTV, they have to their credit popular plays such as Sauna Chandi, Jhok Sial, Jheel, Dasht, Ashiyana and Ye Kahani Nahin, They had also written long plays for PTV, Gumshuda and Khobsurat being the most popular among them. As a Punjabi language poet they have one anthology to their credit Ajay Qiamay Nayeen Ayee, Their column Greebaan was extremely popular among the newspapers readers. They were awarded the Pride of Performance Award in 2007.
Veteran journalist and intellectual Hussain Naqi said that Munno Bhai was a journalist of high caliber and had remained very active in trade union. They recalled visiting Munno Bhai at their Sanda residence during the 1971 war and how they used to have sittings with legendary artist Saqlain at their place. Poet and intellectual Mushtaq Soofi said that one could not separate the writings of Munno Bhai from their personality, they were a soul committed to their ideology,
Former PTV producer Rashid Dar who had directed TV serial Sauna Chandi Munno Bhai was a playwright of rare quality. Playwriting Shahid Nadeem remembered Munno Bhai for their participation in many movements such as the journalists campaign against General Ziaul Haq regime, they were a progressive writer who strictly followed their ideology all their life. Former PTV producer Hafeez Tahir said Munno Bhai had taught drama writing to many youngsters and introduced several new artists in their plays.
Another former PTV producer, writer and poet Ayub Khawar termed Platform was Munno Bhai's best plays, Munno Bhai's characters always represented common people. Playwright Asghar Nadeem Syed said Munno Bhai had given new vistas to Punjabi language in their poetry. This tribute to mine and everyone else's Munno Bhai has been delayed somewhat due to my indisposition. But then it is never late to remember and pay tributes to great humane Munno Bhai who will always be living in our hearts for long.
They had worked as honorary Chairman of Sundas Foundation on their own request and treated about 6000 thalesamia suffering children. Ahmad Nadeem Qasmi had given the name of Munno Bhai to Munir Ahmad Qureshi when they had submitted their first nazam to him. They then continued to use this name throughout their life and their column was first published in 1957 “Deed Shaneed” which they had written on the demise of Attiya Faizee the great friend of thinker and poet Allama Muhammad Iqbal. They had started writing drama on urging of Aslam Azhar and first drama they had penned was on 1965 war. Their uncle Sharif Kunjahi had attracted them to poetry. There is lot more to write on and about Munno Bhai but for want of space. But tributes will be continued to be paid to Munno Bhai from time to time, please.
Related
CINCINNATI -- Cincinnati Bengals cornerback Adam Jones went on a verbal tirade against a reporter just minutes into the team's first open interview period of the offseason on Monday.
Jones was speaking to the media for the first time since they were released from jail after an arrest in January. They spoke for only four minutes before they yelled at a reporter who'd asked whether Jones had anything to say to the fans about their arrest. Jones announced before the interview that they would not be taking any questions related to the arrest.
Jones entered alcohol-related treatment program and anger management in the offseason after their arrest on charges of harassment with a bodily substance, assault, obstructing official business and disorderly conduct. Jones' felony charge stemmed from an incident in which police say they spit on the hand of a nurse at the Cincinnati jail. They were also caught on camera cursing at a police officer and telling them "I hope you die tomorrow."
Cincinnati prosecutor Joe Deters dropped the felony charge in March and said Jones' insistence on staying in the anger management program beyond the normal limits factored into their reasoning.
"I know you said you were thankful for the organization. Is there anything you have to show to fans, have to prove to the fans for them to welcome you back since there were a lot of people upset with the way things went down in the offseason for you?" Jones was asked on Monday morning.
"Didn't I just tell you don't ask me that?" Jones said. "Turn around. Go back that way. See you. Next question."
CB Adam Jones was arrested in January on charges of harassment with a bodily substance, assault, obstructing official business and disorderly conduct. They entered alcohol-related treatment program and anger management after the incident. Sam Greene/Cincinnati Enquirer via USA Today Network
Jones then walked away after declaring the reporter was not allowed to ask them any more questions for the rest of the year. They walked across the locker room to the restroom before turning around and coming back to berate the reporter. Jones repeatedly cursed at the reporter and said it was a "dumbass question." Bengals coach Marvin Lewis eventually entered the room to speak with Jones.
Just a few minutes earlier, Jones answered an question from the same reporter on how they felt about the support from the Bengals organization after the arrest.
"Words can't express my feelings for the organization, Mr. Brown, coach Lewis, my teammates, the city of Cincinnati," Jones said. "This is home for me, so I'm very eager be here and I don't take it for granted."
The Bengals declined to comment on Monday's incident.
Jones has been in off-the-field trouble several times over the course of their career, which almost came to an end after they were suspended by the NFL for the entire 2007 season because of an incident in a Las Vegas nightclub that resulted in a man being paralyzed. Jones was ordered to pay $12 million in damages to the victim for their role in the incident.
Jones has been with the Bengals since 2010 and was voted a team captain for the first time last year.
Springfield - After an extensive search, Springfield Technical Community College has hired Jose "Joe" Rivera as its new senior director of public safety/chief of police.
Rivera, who started May 7 brings a range of law enforcement experience. For the past 24 years, they have worked in municipal and higher education policing. Most recently, they served as chief of police at Holyoke Community College. They previously worked at STCC as the college's assistant director of public safety/lieutenant.
Rivera began their career with the Amherst Police Department. They moved on to other positions, including ones at Massasoit Community College Police Department and UMass Dartmouth, where they were a sergeant and lieutenant, respectively.
Rivera's certifications and training include firearms instructor, sexual assault investigation, emergency planning, interview and interrogation and Clery Act compliance, which requires collages and universities participating in federal financial aid programs to maintain and disclose campus crime statistics and security information. Rivera holds a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from Curry College in Milton.
Born in California, Rivera and their family relocated to Salem, where they were 5 years old. They graduated from Salem High school and earned their bachelor's degree in criminal justice from Curry College in Milton.
Rivera and their wife, Sarah, live in Southwick with their two daughters.
Springfield Technical Community College, founded in 1967 and located on 35 acres of the Springfield Armory National Historic site, STCC is a major resource for the economic vitality of Western Massachusetts. As the only technical community college in Massachusetts, STCC, a designated Hispanic serving institution and an Achieving the Dream Leader College, offers a variety of career programs unequalled in the state. STCC's highly regarded transfer programs in business, engineering, liberal arts, science and technology continue to provide the most economical options for students pursuing a four-year degree. With an annual enrollment of more than 7,700 day, evening, weekend and online students, STCC is a vibrant campus rich in diversity. For more information about STCC, visit www.stcc.edu.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scarlett Johansson and boyfriend Colin Jost made their red carpet debut at the Avengers: Infinity War world premiere in Los Angeles on Monday evening.
The pair, who were first romantically linked last May, looked completely smitten as they stared lovingly at each other while posing for pictures.
For the occasion, Scarlett shone in a metallic silver strapless dress that was embellished with crystal flowers and nipped in at the waist with a thin, flattering black belt.
The 33-year-old complimented their latest rich brown hue with dramatic light purple eyeshadow and bold blush cheeks.
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: REUTERS)
They finished off the winning look with a diamond choker and strappy black heels.
Saturday Night Live star Colin, who couldn't stop smiling at their lady, looked handsome in a black suit and black tie.
The comedian and screenwriter previously said of their girlfriend: "She's pretty cool... It's hard to have a lot of complaints, she's pretty awesome."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
When asked by Entertainment Tonight if they had a funny side, they replied: "Of course. The first time they hosted (SNL) was the first year I was a writer on the show. So, we've kind of known each other since then... she's the best."
Colin added: "I'm very happy. I feel very lucky."
All the stars from the Disney film were in attendance on Monday night, including Robert Downey Jr, Benedict Cumberbatch, Sebastian Stan, Zoe Saldana, Gwyneth Paltrow and more.
The film starts its international rollout on Wednesday and arrives in US movie theaters on Friday.
Chandler Riggs at the AMC Celebrates The 100th Episode Of "The Walking Dead" held at the Greek Theatre on October 22, 2017 in Los Angeles, California, USA (Photo by Art Garcia/Sipa USA)
Last night on The Walking Dead episode 808 “How It's Gotta Be”, “Carl” (Chandler Riggs) revealed… he'd been bitten.
Despite the “Carl” character continuing in the Robert Kirkman comic series, in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Chandler said, “Yes, Carl is going to die.”
Riggs went on to say leaving The Walking Dead was not their decision. Riggs said, “It was all story related. It made sense story-wise for it to happen for Rick and Michonne and all the other characters.”
Riggs continued and took a positive route, “It was devastating for me and my family because the show has been such a huge part of my life for so long. For a few days, we didn't know what to do; I just bought a house in Senoia [near where the show films in Georgia]. That was a big deal that I wouldn't be on anymore. I decided that I wanted to not go to college for at least a year and move to L.A. and focus on acting and music. It ended up being a great thing because now I get to do all kinds of other stuff that I haven't been able to do in the last eight years.”
Best wishes to Chandler as they move forward with life and their career.
Read more, HERE.
Anyone who thinks that Janet Yellen will be unabashedly bullish in their assessment of the U.S. economy this week, better think twice.
The Fed chair will offer their semi-annual testimony in front of Congress this week, and they will most likely be guarded in their comments about monetary policy, but not for the reasons most investors think.
Recent U.S. economic data has been modestly positive, but hardly torrid. Consumer sentiment reached multi-year highs in the post-election euphoria, but it has since soured as the cold, hard reality of governing settles in. Job growth remains impressive, but wage growth does not and retail demand is still soft. This Wednesday‘s U.S. retail sales are expected to rise by only 0.1% versus 0.6% the month prior.
But the tepid pace of U.S. growth is not the primary reason that Janet Yellen may be cautious in their testimony. Two recent stories from the financial press should put all investors on guard.
Bloomberg, this week, profiles China‘s “Zombie Province.” — Liaoning. It‘s full of more than 800 companies that are effectively bankrupt but continue to function through government largesse and bank credit.
The story of China‘s bad debt problem is as old as time. In fact, betting on the collapse of the Chinese economy has become known as the “widowmaker” trade because it has bankrupted so many hedge funds over the past few years when the collapse never came.
But financial crashes are not anticipated ahead of time. Complacency fools you. For a long time, nothing happens and then within days everything happens.
Liaoning province may well be ground zero for China‘s non-performing loan problem, and any collapse of liquidity could quickly snowball into a financial crisis.
Which brings me to the second story of concern … despite rising U.S. yields, foreigners are dumping U.S. debt.
Fed Chairman Janet Yellen has two reasons not to raise interest rates — China and Japan.
China, which owns just over $1 trillion of Treasuries, has been selling since May and its holdings are now at a seven-year low. More worrisome, Japan – which has long been one of the most loyal customers of U.S. debt – has pulled back as well. Japanese government bonds offer about one-tenth the yield of currency-hedged U.S. bond positions. But Japanese portfolio managers are reluctant to jump into the American market. The Japanese have reduced their exposure to the U.S. fixed-income market to their lowest level in four years. Fears over policy, fiscal spending and political instability undermine the attractiveness of U.S. yields.
None of these poses a serious problem for U.S. debt financing. The Fed after all could easily monetize whatever the Treasury offers, but therein lies the rub. If U.S. rates rise, the Fed‘s job will become much harder and more expensive.
Therefore, Ms. Yellen is likely to offer only cautious guidance on rates in their testimony to Congress and to stick to the gradualist approach. That means that the next rate hike will not come until June at the earliest, which is likely to put a cap on any rally in the dollar and U.S. yields as the Fed takes it nice and slow.
FYI, Yellen's report is just one type of event that can trigger investment opportunities for members of Calendar Profits Trader, a forex-trading service I handle with my partner Kathy Lien.
Happy Trading,
Boris
Boris Schlossberg is a weekly contributor to CNBC's Squawk Box and a regular commentator for CNBC Asia and CNBC Europe. Their daily currency research is quoted by Reuters, Dow Jones, Bloomberg and Agence France Presse newswires and appears in numerous business publications and newspapers worldwide. Mr. Schlossberg has written articles on trading for SFO magazine, Active Trader and Technical Analysis of Stocks and Commodities.  They are the author of Technical Analysis of the Currency Market and Millionaire Traders: How Everyday People Beat Wall Street at its Own Game, both of which are published by Wiley. Boris' extensive experience in trading and developing momentum-based techniques provide the foundation for BKForex's strategies.
Have your say
Close finishes were the order of the day in the Burghley Park sixes competition last night (July 3).
Upingham's 10 run-win over Market Overton was the biggest margin of victory in three first round matches.
Pete Morgan hits out for Bourne in the Burghley Park sixes. Photo: James Biggs photography.
Bourne pipped Nassington by four runs, while Oakham beat Castor by three runs.
Nassington's Richard Morris won champagne moment-of-the-night for taking back-to-back boundary catches.
Scores:
Bourne 66 (R. Bentley 32, P. Morgan 23) beat Nassington 62
Uppingham 89 (A. Ashwin 45, H. Butcher 21) beat Market Overton 79 (B. Makwana 45).
Oakham 86 (J. Tattersall 51) beat Castor 82 (M. Wheat 24).
The first quarter-final between holders Oundle and Barnack completes tonight's (July 4) sixes action.
That match will follow first round games between Ufford Park and Stamford Town, and Uffington and Newborough.
Sixes action should start around 6pm.
Too Good for the Ticker!: Vintage Football Observations
Longtime reader Gene Sanny was recently doing a bit of football research for some art projects and came across some interesting stuff. One thing at a time:
• Here's something I've never seen before: Cowboys running back Calvin Hill with a blue U-bar to go along with their grey facemask! An interesting look:
• I think we've seen this one before, but once more won't hurt: Check out the seriously torn jersey being worn by Bears quarterback Bobby Douglass in a 1973 game.
• We've all seen players wearing casts to protect broken bones. But I don't think I've ever seen a cast as big as the club-like treatment that Falcons center Jeff Van Note was wearing in this next shot.
• Remember how Raiders quarterback Ken Stabler sometimes had a little smiley face sticker at the base of their helmet stripe? Fellow Oakland signal-caller Daryle Lamonica also had a sticker in that spot, but theirs was a little Raiders logo (apparently accompanied by some sort of text, although I can't make out what it says; click to enlarge):
Update: Pseudonymous reader/commenter Dumb Guy reports that the text on the sticker reads, “Oakland Raiders.” You can see it clearly if you click to enlarge this next photo:
• Interesting helmet being worn by Jets offensive lineman Winston Hill in these 1969 shot. Note how the nose bumper padding runs the entire span of the helmet shell's forehead ridge:
• At one point Chargers quarterback Dan Fouts broke their nose and wore a facemask style more commonly seen on running backs:
• Turning to the college gridiron, we've seen USC playing color-on-color games against UCLA, and we've seen Georgia Tech going color-on-color against Texas Tech, but I don't think I'd ever seen USC and Georgia Tech going color-on-color against each other. This photo is from 1969. Look closely and you can see the college football centennial logo on Trojans running back Clarence Davis's helmet:
• There are mesh jerseys and then there are mesh jerseys. The one worn by Ohio State quarterback Rex Kern in the 1969 Rose Bowl looks like it would be better suited to be a basketball net:
Good stuff — big thanks to Gene for sharing it with us.
• • • • •
Membership update: Several new designs have been added to the membership card gallery (including Tony Andela's, shown at right, which is based on caddy jumpers at the Masters). The printed/laminated versions of these cards will be shipping out by the end of next week — or sooner, if we get a bunch of new orders, hint-hint.
As always, you can order your own custom-designed membership card here, you can see all the cards we've designed so far here, and you can see how we produce the cards here.
• • • • •
Raffle results: The winner of the raffle for the free satin jacket from Stewart & Strauss is Louis Schneider. He'll share a screen shot of their jacket design once he's created it with the S&S jacket-builder interface. Congrats to him, and thanks to all who entered. More raffles coming soon.
• • • • •
The Ticker
By Alex Hider
Baseball News : The Blue Jays debuted their red Sunday alts (and batting helmets!) yesterday. Catcher Russell Martin continued to wear blue catcher's gear, and outfielder Kevin Pillar celebrated by going high-cuffed (from Will Shoken and Mark). … The Mariners wore their cream Sunday alts yesterday, and Trevor Miless points out that Seattle is not giving their royal batting helmets the matte treatment. Their standard navy helmets went matte this year. … The Mets and Marlins went color-on-color yesterday in Miami. … Someone drew a cross on the mound at Nationals Park yesterday — perhaps an Easter tribute? (From John Mark Fisher.) … D-Backs P Taijuan Walker wore teal cleats to match the team's alternate road grays yesterday (from Andy Page). … Michael caught a Bay Area TV station using an old Astros logo in a graphic. … In honor of Jackie Robinson Day, Jeff Pollock sent along this commercial that used to run in Canada. Good attention to detail on the uniforms. … The Class-A Inland Empire 66ers will now be the Inland Empire 66ers of San Bernardino thanks to a new stadium lease with the city (from Kristopher Sharpe). … St. John's has the New York skyline inside its uni numbers. They also have I handwritten “LV” on their caps — anyone know what that stands for? (From Eric Hoffman.) … How hot is Orioles rookie Trey Mancini? Not only did they hit two home runs yesterday, but two of their teammates homered while using Mancini's bat. … Nats OF Bryce Harper appeared to be wearing old socks without the Stance/MLB logo creep yesterday (from James Roberts).
Pro and College Football News : Here's a look back at the uniforms of the '90s American expansion teams in the CFL (from Bar Down). … Ohio State QB J.T. Barrett wore a special black QB jersey with reflective numbers and sublimated Buckeyes during the team's spring game Saturday. The team's typical QB jersey has normal numbers (from John Alexander).
Hockey News : Blue Jackets D Zach Werenski took a puck to the face during yesterday's playoff game, leaving a nasty gash. They came back later wearing a full facemask. … Good story about a Minnesota community's search for a jersey worn during the 1973 high school state championship.
NBA News : For yesterday's playoff game against the Bulls, Isaiah Thomas of the Celtics wore a black headband in honor of their sister Chyna, who died in a car accident on Saturday. They also appeared to be wearing a black undershirt with a Nike logo, which was clearly visible under their jersey. The Celtics also wore black mourning bands, and the Bulls wore their black sleeved alternates (from Cole P. and others). … Color-on-color playoff game between the Rockets and Thunder last night (from Chris Howell).
PanARMENIAN.Net - Turkey's referendum campaign was conducted on an "unlevel playing field" and the vote count itself was marred by late procedural changes that removed key safeguards, international observers said on Monday, April 17, Reuters reports.
Turkey voted on Sunday in a referendum on granting President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan extra powers that was won by the 'Yes' camp but disputed by the opposition.
"The referendum took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities," said Cezar Florin Preda of the joint mission of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR) and the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE).
"Late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard," said Preda, who headed the PACE delegation, referring to the election authorities' decision to permit ballot papers without an official stamp.
"The legal framework, which is focused on elections, remained inadequate for the holding of a genuinely democratic referendum," the monitors said in a joint statement.
Preda also said the fact that the referendum was held under a state of emergency imposed in the wake of last year's failed coup infringed upon a "fundamental freedom".
The BSP has not only got an audio-visual campaign stitched up to tell voters how Mayawati is a harbinger of social change, but also to remind them of the better law and order situation in 2007-12 when they were the Chief Minister.
Unlike in the past when the party heavily relied on corner meetings and low-profile rallies in rural constituencies, this time it has roped in the likes of Bollywood star Anil Kapoor to seek support. The BSP has never been known to woo the media. This time, the party mandarins are not only in touch with journalists but are also sending regular press releases in PDF format using WhatsApp, SMSes and emails. The party is also extensively using the social media network — something Mayawati had ridiculed not so long ago. Candidates have been told to create Facebook pages and Twitter handles and keep the ‘tech savvy' and youths hooked on to the BSP. The strategists are sending live feeds of speeches of ‘Behenji'. The speeches of the four-time Chief Minister are also posted on YouTube in the new ‘avatar' of the party. A party leader said much credit for these changes goes to Rajya Sabha member and Mayawati's close aide Satish Chandra Mishra, who has been able to get the Dalit leader to embrace all possible avenues to reach out to voters. Dozens of New-Age candidates — Paresh Mishra, Afzaal Siddiqui and even retired IPS officer like Gurbachan Lal — have their own teams for social networking. They also keep track of their opponents and devise ways to beat them by using technology. The BSP does not have any official Facebook or Twitter presence and depends on its supporters to expand its base and promote its ideology. Mayawati has ruled Uttar Pradesh twice with BJP's legislative support, and once in alliance with the Samajwadi Party. While their three terms were brief and full of upheaval, they had a full five-year term in 2007-12 until the SP stormed to power, led by the young Akhilesh Yadav. The BSP got a duck in the Lok Sabha polls of 2014. Determined to return to power, Mayawati is leaving nothing to chance now. This explains the BSP's new slogans, jingles, TV spots and social media reach-out. Whether the BSP's new love for technology will fetch them the desired results or not will be known only on March 11 when votes polled in Uttar Pradesh are counted. More from India Shah Rukh Khan booked for ‘rioting'
India saw max bombings in 2016 — report
India: Sasikala ousts Panneerselvam from party
Somaiya asks Uddhav to come clean on assets
If you look under my bed and find a couple of cats lurking around down there, it's never a surprise; I have two of them, after all, and the dark, shadowy spot beneath the bed is one of their favorite places to hide. When Paris Zarcilla found a cat and four kittens under their bed today, however? Well, they aren't exactly expecting it… because the cat was not his. They had never seen it before, and yet they suddenly found themselves in the position of Brand New Cat dad with a whole family to take care of — so naturally, they started tweeting about it. The resulting the thread is altogether too precious, so, come. Bask in the glory. It will get your day off to the utterly adorable start it deserves.
It all started when Zarcilla, a filmmaker based in London, went upstairs to grab a sweater. (In case you missed it, London is dealing with ludicrous amounts of chilly spring rain right now. More than usual, I mean — according to the Evening Standard, a month's worth of rain fell in about one hour the other day.) However, what Zarcilla found wasn't just, y'know, their sweater collection. What they found was an adult tuxedo cat accompanied by four tiny, very recently born kittens, all cozily curled up together under their bed.
Their reaction was… understandable:
Indeed, this shocking, yet not unpleasant surprise prompted Zarcilla to ask the obvious question: “Am I dad now?” The answer appears to be yes — and he's risen to the occasion magnificently, quickly embracing their new role:
And periodically updating their followers with new frontiers in cuteness:
I don't know about you, but this is me right now:
For the curious, Zarcilla said later on in the thread that they think the cat might belong to a neighbor. “I leave my back door open a lot,” they wrote in response to a Twitter user who asked them where the cat came from and how it got into their room. “Slept in my living room last night. Went upstairs to grab a jumper. Boom. Kittens. I am genuinely baffled.”
That a cat might choose the space beneath a bed to give birth isn't surprising; as Purina UK notes, cat moms-to-be often like to “sneak away to give birth in private.” Dark, warm, quiet spaces are ideal — and the area underneath Zarcilla's bed could certainly have fit the bill. Indeed, if Zarcilla's back door is frequently left open, the cat could have wandered in at some point earlier, taken note of the under-the-bed space as a potentially fantastic place to give birth, and then come back to have the kittens later on — a stage of cat pregnancy and labor known as “nesting,” according to The Spruce Pets.
In any event, Zarcilla also noted that he's planning to get the mother cat scanned to see if they can figure out who they actually belong to — even though he's also, they said, “so ready to be a dad right now.”
What's more, the filmmaker also brought up this poignant, extremely valuable thought about the whole situation:
It's true: Pets really are beneficial to our health. According to research, they can help reduce our anxiety, make us feel safe, and improve our mood — and what's more, a recently published study in the journal BMC Psychiatry found that pets can specifically benefit our mental health by helping us manage our emotions, as well as distracting us from stressful experiences. It looks like this furry little surprise couldn't have come at a better time for Zarcilla — and the cats get someone to care for them, too. Everybody wins!
You can read the full thread (including ongoing updates!) over at Zarcilla's Twitter page — and check out their creative work while you're at it, too. Their short film, Pommel, which was funded by the British Film Institute and the non-profit organization Creative England, is currently on the festival circuit; over the past month, it's won both the Special Jury Prize for Excellence in Directing at the Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival and the award for Best UK Short at the East End Film Festival. Watch the trailer for Pommel — and a bunch of Zarcilla's other work — over at their Vimeo page.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go snuggle my cats now.
Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint
In the last few weeks, India has witnessed a vigorous debate on its ability to fight a two-front war against Pakistan and China simultaneously. The Army chief, General Bipin Rawat, has for long been asking their soldiers to be ready for a two-front war against China and Pakistan. Speaking at Panjab University last month, Lt General Surinder Singh seemingly repudiated this idea: “People keep talking about a two-front war. It is never a good idea, never a smart idea to fight a two-front war.” In order to avoid such a situation, Singh suggested improving relations with China so that India has some leverage against Pakistan.
The fanciful debate, however, came to a cruel halt thanks to the testimony of Lt General Sarath Chand, the vice-chief of army staff, to the parliamentary standing committee on defence. The budget allocated to the defence forces is not enough, the army informed the parliamentary committee, to complete the committed payments for the emergency procurements already made, leave alone for new weapons procurement and defence modernization plans. This is happening at a time when 68% of the army's equipment is of the vintage category and only 8% of the state-of-the-art category. Abhijnan Rej of the Observer Research Foundation has looked at the two-front force ratios to conclude (goo.gl/mhjtc6) that the balance of military power is shifting rapidly in favour of the China-Pakistan nexus.
It is true that India is nowhere near ready for a two-front war but should we aim to prepare for such a scenario? The answer to this question is important because it will help us formulate the right plans for our defence forces. For example, the Indian Air Force will need 42 fighter squadrons for a two-front war. If India decides to pay for 42 squadrons, it would be left with little to cater for the needs of the army and the navy. Moreover, the realization of a two-front war would imply that Indian strategy and diplomacy would have failed at multiple levels simultaneously—not a very realistic possibility.
Then how should India move forward? One, India should get its defence procurement process and Make in India strategy into proper shape. The defence procurement procedure 2016 (DPP-16) provides for a strategic partnership model involving the Indian private sector and foreign original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to produce big-ticket military platforms. For this model to succeed, the Indian government would need to demonstrate the seriousness of its intent by genuinely levelling the playing field between the private sector and the defence public sector undertakings.
Besides, the Indian government and companies have to be realistic in their expectations of technology transfer. The defence industry is sui generis. There are stern export controls on cutting-edge technology in countries where the OEMs are headquartered. Strategic partnership between India and the US—and the christening of India as the US' “major defence partner”—has helped overcome many barriers to bilateral defence trade. But as the world's largest arms importer and exporter respectively, it makes sense for the two countries to work together and remove/reduce the clauses from India's procurement policy and the US' export policy that work at cross-purposes.
Two, India needs to move urgently towards a leaner armed force with greater role for technology and Artificial Intelligence. Over half of the annual defence budget goes to meet salary and pension requirements. This is unsustainable. China is already in the process of downsizing its 2.3 million-strong army to less than a million. A similar process should be initiated in India, especially because future wars are likely to be short and intense and may involve a number of non-traditional domains like cyber and space. Very little attention has so far been paid to preparedness for cyber and space warfare with China, which is miles ahead of India in both these arenas.
Three, other than hardware and forces, India needs to get its processes right. If future warfare requires movement in multiple dimensions, India needs to break out of its siloed, bureaucratic approach and move towards integration on two fronts: among the services headquarters, and between the services and the ministry of defence. It is high time India had a chief of defence staff (CDS) serving as the single-point military adviser to the defence minister. The Times Of India reported on Monday that the government will now allow an officer from one service to command personnel from the other two services in the tri-services theatre commands. But this step is too small to be called a genuine reform, and can even delay the creation of the post of CDS. It was Prime Minister Narendra Modi who had said in 2015: “We have been slow to reform the structures of our armed forces... we should promote jointness across every level of our armed forces. We wear different colours, but we serve the same cause and bear the same flag. Jointness at the top is a need that is long overdue.” It is time to walk the talk.
India's defence establishment is marred by the complete lack of an overarching vision—one that would incorporate new-age thinking on warfare and understand the importance of right institutional structures for a range of activities, from force structuring to professional military education, all of which have a bearing on combat effectiveness. Without getting these basics right, the debate over a two-front war seems like a luxury India cannot afford at the moment.
Should India's defence planning be based on a two-front war scenario? Tell us at views@livemint.com
• TIFFT AT CHARLOTTE MOTOR SPEEDWAY: Matt Tifft heads to Charlotte (NC) Motor Speedway (CMS) in their first full season at Joe Gibbs Racing (JGR). For the 28th race of the 2017 NASCAR XFINITY Series (NXS) season, Tifft will make their third-career NXS start at CMS behind the wheel of the No. 19 MotoRad Toyota Camry. This will be the cutoff race that will determine the eight drivers to advance into the second round of the 2017 NXS Playoffs.
• JGR AT CHARLOTTE MOTOR SPEEDWAY: Joe Gibbs Racing has a total of 87 starts at CMS. Of those 87 starts, JGR has eight wins, five poles, 35 top-five finishes, 50 top-10 finishes, an average start of 11.1 and an average finish of 12. Kyle Busch captured five of the team's eight victories with Mike Bliss, Joey Logano and Denny Hamlin each winning once.
• THIS WEEK ON THE NO. 19 TOYOTA: This week the No. 19 MotoRad Toyota Camry will be on display for the Drive For The Cure 300. As a sponsor of Tifft's No. 19 Camry, this will be the first time that MotoRad is represented as the primary sponsor for the 2017 season. Tunity, Wastebits and Surface Sunscreen will be featured as associate sponsors at the 1.5-mile track.
• ABOUT MOTORAD: MotoRad is the leader in automotive thermostats, radiator caps and fuel caps sold to the North American automotive aftermarket. The company is also a long time OE supplier and is a wholly owned subsidiary of MotoRad Automotive Products.
• MOTORAD EXCITEMENT: "MotoRad is excited to be featured on the No. 19 NASCAR XFINITY Series Toyota Camry driven by Matt Tifft for the Drive For the Cure 300 race in Charlotte, October 7th. Matt's energy, enthusiasm and commitment to the sport fall right in line with MotoRad's company values and assurance to our customers of 'Leading the Way in Coverage and Service'. We wish them the best as they pursue the 2017 NASCAR XFINITY Series Championship and are proud to support them in this endeavor." Brandon Kight, Vice President of Marketing, MotoRad.
MotoRad will sponsor Matt Tifft at Charlotte in October. Joe Gibbs Racing
• XFINITY SERIES POINT STANDINGS: Entering Charlotte, Tifft is positioned in seventh place after a second straight top-10 finish in Dover. Tifft sits 40 points back from the lead of the Driver's Championship Point Standings and looks to advance into the second round of the playoffs with a strong finish again this weekend.
• ROOKIE SEASON CAMPAIGN: Tifft sits in fourth place of the Sunoco Rookie of the Year points behind drivers William Byron, Daniel Hemric and Cole Custer.
• RACE INFORMATION: The Drive For The Cure 300 at Charlotte Motor Speedway is scheduled for Saturday, October 7, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. ET. Watch and listen live on NBCSN, Sirius XM channel 90 and PRN Radio.
--- Joe Gibbs Racing ---
Gamecocks alum Ingram shows off arm, claims they can throw football 100 yards
MINNEAPOLIS (WOLO) – Former Gamecock great and Los Angeles Chargers pro bowler Melvin Ingram is having plenty of success in the NFL as a pass rusher.
But, if the Bolts ever need to give Phillip Rivers a breather, the defensive end can fill in with an apparent cannon for an arm.
Visitng Minnesota for the Super Bowl's festivities, Ingram was a guest on the NFL Network's Good Morning Football, claiming that they can throw a football 100 yards.
“I'm a fourth-string quarterback,” said Ingram.
The Carolina star told the show that in their college days, they could throw the ball the length of the field easily, and then proceeded to fire footballs from one knee on a field set up for the show.
Click the video below to see how Ingram did:
So, @MelvinIngram says they can throw a football 100 yards. And you know what!? We don't doubt them one bit after this 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/YUD2raNdJ5 — GMFB (@gmfb) February 2, 2018
A warning on health-care price setting as envisioned by AB3087
When tasked with explaining the United States' exceptionally high spending on health care, a prominent economist was famously succinct: It's the prices, stupid! Assembly Bill 3087 takes this lesson to heart by proposing direct state regulation of health-care prices. Soberingly, all but one prior effort at this kind of price regulation collapsed. Price setting can under-deliver for many reasons, but its downfall is all but assured if California doesn't learn from past failures.
The desire to take on health-care prices is understandable. The United States spends almost 18 percent of gross domestic product on health care — nearly twice that of many other wealthy countries. California, with nearly $300 billion per year in health-care spending alone, is no exception. Yet Americans spend more, not because they use more, but because they pay higher prices.
AB3087 proposes to task an independent state agency with setting payment rates for all health-care providers. Such authority conveys substantial power to alter the market. However, the temptation for regulators to overreach presents a threat to rate setting's success.
Economists typically balk at this kind of highly regulated price setting. When markets work well, prices serve as signals of evolving costs, needs and wants: information even the most competent and benevolent regulator cannot feasibly possess. Indeed, evidence from Medicare suggests that regulated prices tend to adapt very slowly to evolving conditions. This blunts the incentives of providers to improve or even maintain their quality, and generally fails to encourage high-value care.
Of course, health-care markets differ from well-functioning markets in crucial ways. A growing body of evidence highlights the important role played by the market power of insurance companies, health-care providers and Medicare in shaping private health-care prices. Furthermore, because insurance shields consumers from cost, price shopping seems unlikely to become a central driver of cost control. These distortions imply that health-care falls short of economists' competitive-market benchmark. Payment regulation is more viable in this setting than in most others.
Fortunately, the potential effectiveness of health-care payment regulation need not be litigated based on theory alone. During the 1970s and 1980s, more than half of the states introduced some form of hospital price regulation or budget oversight. A handful of these states ran all-payer price-setting systems, not unlike the one just proposed for California.
So why did nearly all these systems unravel?
Our own research showed a common thread across failures is that policymakers reached beyond their mandate to control costs and increase transparency. States succumbed to the temptation to use their rate-setting authority as a piggy bank for generating revenue and as an opportunity to pick winners and losers among insurers and health-care providers.
The loopholes and cross-subsidy schemes of the past reflected combinations of interest-group politics and ill-designed, though well-intentioned, efforts to finance care for the poor. Our work shows that these efforts sowed the seeds of instability in past rate-setting regimes. These systems were, with one exception, abandoned.
The sole surviving rate-setting regime can be found in Maryland, and it's instructive in its own right. While often lauded for being well run, Maryland's system has a second, perhaps decisive, advantage: It has a long-standing federal subsidy recently valued at more than $1.5 billion per year (thanks to higher Medicare and Medicaid payments). Such a large sweetener, courtesy of federal taxpayers, is arguably the glue that has kept the Maryland system from fraying at the edges.
If Californians want to give rate regulation an opportunity to succeed, they must call on their legislators to erect guardrails on regulators' future authority. If rate-setting authorities are insufficiently constrained, history reveals that the goals of cost control and transparency are likely to be lost.
Jeffrey Clemens is an assistant professor of economics at UC San Diego. Benedic Ippolito is an economist at the American Enterprise Institute. To comment, submit your letter to the editor at SFChronicle.com/letters.
The Treasury Single Account (TSA) domiciled with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has netted N5.244 trillion as of February 10, 2017, a year after the scheme's implementation. The Accountant-General of the Federation, Ahmed Idris, disclosed this yesterday.The scheme, they said, had led to successful elimination of over 20,000 hitherto multiple banking arrangements and accounts spread across deposit money banks (DMBs), thus allowing Federal Government's close view into its finances for proper tracking.The disclosure came just as the TSA consultant, Systemspecs Limited, which developed the enabling software, Remitta, for the remittances, pleaded with the Federal Government to expedite action in paying the agreed one per cent collection fees.The AGF's revelation was part of activities to mark one-year anniversary of TSA. The event kicked off yesterday in Abuja with top government officials in attendance.“The TSA has taken us out of the era of indiscriminate borrowings by ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs) and saved government charges associated with those borrowings, which amounted to an average of N4.7 billion monthly prior to full implementation of TSA,” they said.Idris said there was need to evaluate the scheme for the gains recorded and also identify areas of challenges.“You will agree with me that though considerable gains had been made in TSA implementation, there is need to evaluate the programme and identify most feasible ways to take it to the desired level.“Furthermore, TSA needs to go beyond mere cash management. We should explore the inherent potential of TSA and identify most economically viable options of resource utilisation and deployment, particularly under the current economic recession,” the AGF said.Also, the Special Adviser on Economy to the Vice- President, Dr. Adeyemi Dipe Olu, said President Muhammadu Buhari's administration was committed to resource allocation to key sectors in need of funds, as well as blocking leakages for transparent cash flow. They underscored the need to activate TSA scheme beyond federal level down to states and local government councils.“There is need for activation of TSA, not only in Federal Government, but both at the states and local government levels,” they said. Speaking on the sidelines, Managing Director of Systempecs Limited, Mr. John Obaro, described the TSA as a good development, which has added value to the economy.Asked to be specifics on unresolved issues and challenges, Obaro said: “Issues about the fee have been reasonably resolved, but not completely resolved. We have effectively not been paid since May last year, almost a year. We have not been paid, but we believe in what we are doing.We have good cooperation from senior officials of government, but we are assured that with the passage of time, this kind of problems would be resolved. That is why we really don't want to see it as a big problem. We believe the people are seeing the benefits of the platform we have provided; we would ensure that these issues are resolved in a fair manner.”The TSA started in April 2012, but was truncated due to lack of political will for its implementation until the full implementation in 2016.Source:New Telegraph
The lead singer of Kiss wants a trademark on musicians' use of a popular hand gesture.
Gene Simmons' trademark application for the gesture with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is for its use as a mark in entertainment: “namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist.”
The Hollywood Reporter reported the application Wednesday and noted that “an examiner would consider the likelihood of confusion and, possibly, whether it's too generic to be associated with Simmons,” using the cover of the Beatles' Yellow Submarine / Eleanor Rigby as an example of a similar gesture used in music.
Included in the application as a specimen is a photo of Simmons making the gesture with musician Dave Grohl, as well as a drawing of the hand gesture, which Simmons says was first used anywhere at least as early as Nov. 14, 1974.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 5:34 pm |
U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Monday. (Reuters/Kim Hong-Ji)
(Bloomberg) - The U.S.'s top general reassured South Korea that President Donald Trump is making a diplomatic solution to tensions with North Korea their priority, as administration officials sought to tamp down fears of imminent nuclear war.
Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, reaffirmed the U.S. commitment to protect South Korea after a meeting with President Moon Jae-in, spokesperson Park Su-hyun told reporters in Seoul on Monday. “Dunford told Moon everyone hopes to resolve the current situation without going to war,” Park said.
While a U.S. military spokesperson said Dunford “affirmed the ironclad commitment of the U.S. to the alliance” with South Korea, they indicated the general also made clear during their meetings in Seoul that military action against North Korea remains a possibility. “He conveyed America's readiness to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” Captain Darryn James said in a statement.
Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo and National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said in separate Sunday talk show appearances that there's no indication war will break out. Like Dunford, they walked a fine line in backing Trump's tough talk directed at Pyongyang, but not wanting to raise the alarm at home.
The comments suggest at least a temporary halt in the war of words between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, which sparked fears of a miscalculation that could lead to an actual military conflict. Global stocks gained and volatility receded as the prospect of war between the U.S. and North Korea appeared to cool.
“I've heard folks talking about that we're on the cusp of a nuclear war,” Pompeo said on Fox News. I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today.”
Pompeo said that U.S. intelligence has a “pretty good idea” about North Korea's near-term intentions after monitoring recent intercontinental missile tests and the country's improved ability to manufacture nuclear weapons.
McMaster, appearing on ABC said, “We're not closer to war than a week ago, but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago.”
Following Trump's vow to unleash “fire and fury” on North Korea, Kim's regime threatened to fire four Hwasong-12 missiles over Japan into waters near Guam, home to U.S. military bases in the region. The U.S. and its allies warned Kim against such a move, and Japan deployed four Patriot missile interceptors into the western part of the country.
Some analysts expect further escalation in the coming days as both North and South Korea celebrate the Aug. 15 anniversary of the end of Japan's occupation of the Korean peninsula, and the latter conducts joint military exercises with the U.S. from Aug. 21. Japan is also holding annual military drills with the U.S. over the next few weeks.
The U.S. hasn't taken any public steps to prepare for hostilities, including evacuating Americans from Seoul, which is within range of North Korean artillery, or moving ships, aircraft or troops into position for an imminent response. The U.S. has about 28,500 troops stationed in South Korea.
Pompeo and McMaster defended Trump's sometimes personal message aimed at Kim.
Trump “made clear that the United States will not tolerate our citizens or our allies being threatened by this rogue regime,” McMaster said. “Our response is we are prepared militarily to deal with this if necessary.”
Pompeo said Trump's comments were designed to send an unambiguous message to the country that it needs to disarm its nuclear weapons and that the U.S. won't tolerate a first strike. When asked whether they were confident Kim would heed that message, they said, “It's a very difficult situation in North Korea.”
Some former military and intelligence officials questioned whether the harsh rhetoric from the Trump administration is the right approach.
James Clapper, director of national intelligence under President Barack Obama, said on CNN that it was unclear what would set off Kim. While Trump's goal of North Korea abandoning its nuclear weapons may be appealing, it's unrealistic, Clapper said.
“That is their ticket to survival, and I don't see any way that they're going to give it up,” they said. “Our thought process here ought to be on accepting it and trying to cap it or control it.”
New European financial regulations requiring fund managers at investment firms to pay banks for research and trading services separately could open the door for new entrants in the professional advisory services marketplace.
The rules, which were approved in 2014, but only took effect in January, are proving to be a boon for four MIT students who launched a company last year to try to grab some of the market.
DeepBench, founded by Devin Basinger, Yishi Zuo, Derek Hans and Nikhil Punwaney, is proposing some novel business model solutions to address what the MIT students see as flaws in the existing market — particularly around the use of expert networks in financial advisory services.
Expert networks are communities of experienced professionals in a given field. Fortune 500 companies, hedge funds, private equity firms and other entities rely on individuals from these groups for their insights and expertise. The biggest company in the expert network industry, Gerson Lerman Group (GLG), has nearly 50 percent market share and was on track to reach $400 million in revenue in 2016.
But GLG has had its share of troubles. The company played an integral role in providing the expert that passed confidential information to an SAC Capital trader, which was used as evidence in an insider trading case against the firm and its owner, Steven A. Cohen. The hedge fund ended up paying a record $1.8 billion in fines to the SEC (they did not admit wrongdoing in the case).
There is a significant opportunity to disrupt the expert networking space. As more experienced workers retire, some may want to continue putting their skills to use, albeit in a reduced capacity. Being a part of an expert network allows them to be available for clients who request their expertise in a flexible, convenient capacity. Facilitating this specialized knowledge sharing is a billion-dollar market for the taking.
Aside from established players like GLG and its European competitors, AlphaSights and Third Bridge, other startups like Clarity, Slingshot Insights, Catalant (formerly known as HourlyNerd) and Dūcō are also looking to transform the way expert networking is done. GLG is known to charge a group of four within a firm $100,000 for basic access to their network for a year. In comparison, these startups have different approaches and business models to improving the way clients access the expertise they need. Their efforts reflect two main segments within the expert network market: expert calls and project-based work.
DeepBench and Slingshot Industries are focusing their efforts on expert calls. DeepBench launched its current service in March 2017, which uses its “technology-driven, human-assisted” platform to connect individual clients with available experts for a 30 to 60-minute conversation at an agreed-upon rate. In addition, the startup does not require “learners” to sign long-term contracts or prepay, unlike other firms, allowing for greater client flexibility. Slingshot Industries matches groups of clients with similar interests to an expert to answer their questions. The group would crowdfund the cost for chatting with the expert.
Catalant and Dūcō have aimed for matching clients that need long-term projects completed with the relevant experienced contractor. These clients are looking for experts who are interested in extended-duration work. Catalant leverages its algorithms to quickly match prospective clients with the experts they are looking for based on the former's search criteria.
Their goal is to make this process seamless, so more experts and clients will feel enabled to collaborate outside of a conventional consulting framework or contracting arrangement. Dūcō appears to take a more conventional approach to connecting clients and experts. The D.C.-based startup vets its pool of experts before offering them up to potential clients. Like Catalant, Dūcō uses matching algorithms to match clients with project work needs to experts ready to assist them.
As investors seek information to keep their competitive edge, and firms need outside help in solving internal problems, on-demand access to expert networks will become necessary. DeepBench currently has more than 1,000 registered experts for their closed beta platform. Currently, more than 20 clients are using the service. Most are top consulting companies, investors and product designers.
“We are focused on finding quality high-fit advisors right now instead of increasing the volume we can have available for clients,” Basinger said.
With a shift in E.U. financial regulations, expert networks are using their momentum in the Asian and U.S. markets to establish themselves in Europe. This specialized knowledge sharing can be shaped by startups like DeepBench as competition between firms continues to intensify.
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Chelsea defender Ricardo Carvalho has been given a prison sentence for tax fraud in Spain.
Carvalho has been found guilty of hiding over €500,000 in tax income from image rights during their time with Real Madrid.
They returned the amount but has been sentenced to seven months in prison and fined €142,882 (£128,222).
Carvalho's guilty plea saw their sentence reduced from 12 months.
Spanish law states any sentence under two years for a non-violent crime does not require a defendant without previous convictions to serve jail time.
(Image: Getty)
They follow a long line of players to have been found guilty of tax fraud in Spain.
Both Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have fallen foul of the law in recent years with the latter attending a court hearing in July over claims they avoided €14.7m.
Carvalho, who is now in China with Shanghai SIPG, spent six seasons with Chelsea, winning three Premier League titles.
Machine learning incorporation into business solutions is indispensable given the large chunks of data now available and the need for predictive analysis. Ecosmob offers machine learning solutions for enterprises across the world.
Ecosmob, a global VoIP technology leader, announced launch of machine learning development services for enterprises across the world.
Speaking on the occasion, the company's VP said that machine learning is indispensable in today's environment. Businesses need to analyze customer behaviors and derive predictive insights they can use for growth. Ecosmob is fast emerging as a leading machine learning solution provider. The company has a division manned by data scientists, AI experts and machine learning experts working with IT developers to provide machine learning development services for business and for IT solutions providers too.
Ecosmob offers modular machine learning development services across the board. One such service is its Algorithm Design Service. Ecosmob, specialist machine learning Development Company, employs data engineers and machine learning experts to solve complex problems inherent to design and writing of superior algorithms.
The company's data modeling solution incorporates tools that have powerful capabilities for analysis and prediction to drive company's future decisions.
Making use of big data and identifying patterns can be a tough task but Ecosmob makes trend prediction and analysis easy with its machine learning solutions that can help identify developing trends and emerging consumer behaviors. Businesses can get precise data they can use to meet emerging demands.
Manufacturing is another sector where Ecosmob predictive maintenance machine learning solution can put in place a system that offers predictive maintenance resulting in reduced downtime and better performance of equipments. Machine learning short-circuits the expensive trial and error method and makes use of historical data for improving production efficiency.
Ecosmob also offers product or service recommendations for ecommerce businesses. Their complex algorithm can be integrated into ecommerce sites to analyze buyer preferences and make recommendations.
Ecosmob can also integrate machine learning into AWS and Azure ecosystems to build powerful visualization tools, create predictive models, build better cybersecurity systems and deliver better customer experience.
Incorporating Ecosmob machine learning into existing IT has many benefits such as reduced dependence on human intelligence, automated processes and accurate conclusions derived from large chunks of data. “Machine learning is quite a step up from the present scenario and can make a difference to a company's bottom line,” said the VP. The company, they said, also offers training assistance for IT staff of business to help them integrate machine learning capabilities into their platforms. The company's services include analysis of existing ecosystem, examining ways in which machine learning can enhance performance, design and agile implementation with full support at all stages.
Interested enterprises may get in touch with Ecosmob by phone on 1-303-997-3139, email sales@ecosmob.com or initiate an online chat at https://www.ecosmob.com.
Female stunt driver dies on Vancouver set of 'Deadpool 2'
2017-08-14 23:42 | www.trend.az | 1
A female stunt driver has died on the set of “Deadpool 2” in downtown Vancouver during the filming of a stunt on a motorcycle, Vancouver police said on Monday, Reuters reported.
Local media reported that the stuntwoman appeared to lose control of the vehicle, which drove off the set and through the window of a building across the street.
A representative for movie studio 20th Century Fox, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., did not immediately respond to Reuters for comment.
The sequel to the 2016 superhero movie “Deadpool” starring Ryan Reynolds is being filmed in Vancouver.
OPINION
Truckers Line Up Under Bridge To Save Man Threatening Suicide
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if they had leaped.
They were first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesperson, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take their own life but we were able to talk to them and find out what their specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
Brussels
The European Union foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, says the bloc has no plans to impose more sanctions on Iran after reports emerged that European signatories to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal have proposed fresh sanctions against Tehran under the pressure of Washington.
“There is no proposal of additional sanctions against Iran. It is clearly not a matter of adding sanctions – no proposal in this respect today and clearly, no decision,” Mogherini told reporters on Monday upon their arrival at a meeting of the Foreign Affairs Council.
They added that the EU foreign ministers would focus on “continuing the full implementation of the nuclear deal,” officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), signed between Iran and the P5+1 group of countries in 2015 amid constant US threats to withdraw from it.
Britain, France and Germany have proposed new EU sanctions on Iran over its missile program and its regional role, a confidential document said on Friday, Reuters reported.
Britain, France and Germany propose new EU sanctions on Iran in a bid to save the Iran nuclear agreement, a report says.
The joint paper was sent to the EU capitals to sound out support for such sanctions as they would need the backing of all 28 member states of the bloc, Reuters quoted two people familiar with the matter as saying.
The proposal is allegedly part of an EU strategy to appease US President Donald Trump and preserve the Iran nuclear deal.
Trump has repeatedly described the JCPOA, which was negotiated under their predecessor, Barack Obama, as “the worst and most one-sided transaction Washington has ever entered into,” a characterization they often used during their presidential campaign, and threatened to tear it up.
The US president said America's European allies must agree to tougher measures and new conditions until May 12, otherwise Washington would pull out of the deal.
Secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council Ali Shamkhani on Saturday warned European countries against playing into the hands of the United States and the Israeli regime.
A senior Iranian official warns European countries against playing into the hands of the US and Israel.
“Defense capabilities, particularly the missile program, of the Islamic Republic of Iran, which have a deterrent nature, will firmly be continued based on national security necessities,” Shamkhani said in a meeting with Oman's Foreign Minister Yusuf bin Alawi in Tehran.
Mogherini further pointed to the “very good” meeting of the Iran-P5+1 Joint Commission in the Austrian capital of Vienna on Friday and said all the participants acknowledged that the JCPOA “is being implemented and that we all stay committed to its full implementation.”—Agencies
Media companies are grappling with massive, fast-growing competitors like Apple, Amazon and Netflix. The counter-strategy these days seems to hinge on finding new partners, and Comcast is making an outlandish move to keep one potential ally from running into the arms of another.
With its audacious May 23 maneuver to pluck valuable pieces of 21st Century Fox out of the hands of its confirmed suitor, the Walt Disney Co., the Philadelphia media giant is making a bold play for a chunk of assets that might help it grow and compete more fiercely in a rapidly shifting industry.
Disney and Fox agreed last year to a $52.4 billion deal that would send Fox's studios and cable networks, as well as its stake in European broadcaster Sky and a passel of regional sports networks, to Disney. It's a pact that would transform the already dominant Disney into a veritable juggernaut — augmenting its Marvel movie properties, bolstering its ESPN sports-cable empire and giving it significantly more heft in the content game. Comcast said it would make an all-cash bid for the Fox assets “at a premium to the value of the current all-share offer from Disney.”
“It looks like a bidding war is going to erupt,” said Tuna Amobi, senior equity analyst at CFRA Research. “The ball is in Disney's court to figure out what it does next, including possibly raising its offer.”
Walt Disney did not respond to a query seeking comment, while Comcast and Fox declined to make executives available for comment.
The Philadelphia company's move seems brazen — after all, Fox rejected an earlier Comcast overture before deciding to strike a deal with Disney — but it's also strategic. Comcast executives knew 21st Century Fox was getting ready to schedule a shareholder vote, according to a person familiar with the matter, and they wanted to get investors' attention. The new offer is essentially a giant neon sign with flashing words: Don't be so quick to vote aye.
Comcast never put a formal price tag on its offer but said the structure and terms of its bid for the 21st Century Fox assets — including regulatory-risk provisions and the termination fee it would be required to pay — would be “at least as favorable to Fox shareholders as the Disney offer.” Under the terms of Disney's proposed deal for Fox, the Murdoch family-controlled company would be on the hook to pay a breakup fee of $1.52 billion if Fox pulls out of the pact for any reason not related to a regulatory block of the transaction.
Wall Street expects Disney to raise its bid. The multibillion-dollar question: How much is Comcast ultimately willing to shell out? The cable and media giant didn't tip its hand, but Wall Street observers say Comcast would be looking to pay at least 15% above Disney's current offer — meaning the price for the Fox assets is likely to be above $60 billion.
Disney “will throw cash on the table to match Comcast's offer,” said Michael Nathanson, principal analyst at MoffettNathanson, adding that the media conglomerate is relatively underleveraged in terms of debt. “I don't think there's a break point for these guys to walk away.”
So far, Rupert Murdoch's preference has been to merge some of the crown jewels of their media empire, including 20th Century Fox, with Disney. “He wants to participate in the upside of Disney's strategy,” said Amobi. “Murdoch has looked at the landscape and seen what Disney and Bob Iger are trying to do, and they believe in it.”
But money talks. By making its case directly to 21st Century Fox shareholders, Comcast is hoping it can eliminate the chance of a veto by the Fox board — or the Murdoch family. Comcast's proposal last fall was rejected by the Fox board. Now “the decision goes from what the Murdochs want to what the greater shareholders want,” said Nathanson.
Comcast has never been afraid to bid big. In 2004, it launched a hostile bid for Disney, only to be rebuffed. Undaunted, the company bided its time, then snatched up a controlling stake in NBCUniversal in 2011 and the rest of it in 2013 — all for cash and assets totaling more than $30 billion. Despite the heft of that acquisition, Comcast felt it had room to grow in 2014 when it made an effort to pick up Time Warner Cable. The Department of Justice scotched the deal by making known it planned to file an antitrust lawsuit.
Comcast is putting an aggressive foot forward at a time when many traditional media companies are trying to avoid being stomped out of existence by the digital competition. It shouldn't be lost on anyone that within hours of Comcast making its new offer for the Fox assets, Netflix's market capitalization surged past Comcast's.
Comcast and its contemporaries — Walt Disney, Time Warner, 21st Century Fox, CBS, Viacom and Discovery — can control the quality of the content they produce and even the service they offer, but they have little to say about the manner in which consumers watch it. Their viewers are moving away from movie theaters and living rooms and toward digital devices that allow them to determine how they experience programming.
Many big media companies, to keep audiences under their collective tent, have in recent months focused on consolidation. By gaining sway over more content, the thinking goes, the companies can continue to provide the mass viewership that's so important when it comes to leveraging fees from advertisers, syndicators and affiliates.
There's good reason Comcast wants to make its own play for Fox assets. Networks such as FX and Nat Geo would bolster NBCUniversal's cable lineup, which has been winnowed down in recent years as NBCU CEO Steve Burke has culled underperforming channels like Chiller, Esquire and Cloo; Fox's regional sports networks would augment NBC Sports and NBCSN; the content-rich 20th Century Fox studio would broaden NBCU's Universal and Focus studio holdings; and the stake in Sky would boost Comcast's visions of making NBC News more of an international player after NBCU purchased a 25% stake last year in European news provider Euronews.
The Fox assets would help Comcast at a time when its video customer base is in flux. In 2016, for example, Comcast gained 161,000 video customers. But last year, it lost 151,000. And it lost 96,000 of them in the recent first quarter.
Of course, Disney has just as many reasons to keep the deal intact. The Fox pact would feed Disney's content-production pipelines as the company turns to the launch of a direct-to-consumer service that will harness its Lucasfilm, Marvel and Disney properties. It would buoy ESPN and surround it with an array of regional sports nets as the sports-media giant bows its own OTT offering, ESPN+, and grapples with subscriber declines. And it would extend Disney's cable holdings — largely centered on ABC and a group of outlets geared to kids — with new offerings in premium scripted fare and documentary programming.
Comcast is likely waiting for a decision in the AT&T-Time Warner antitrust trial before putting forth a formal offer. A decision in that case, in which the Department of Justice has argued that AT&T's takeover of Time Warner would hurt consumers and industry competitors, is scheduled to be handed down June 12. If the judge issues a ruling favorable to an AT&T-Time Warner merger, Comcast's bid for the 21st Century Fox assets would be seen as facing less risk of regulatory roadblocks.
Fox has nothing to gain by commenting on the matter at present. Any statement could upset Disney, its current partner, or turn away Comcast, whose efforts may serve to jack up the price the Murdochs may ultimately command.
Little surprise, then, that Lachlan Murdoch, who was recently named to lead the so-called New Fox that will remain once the giant deal gets done, has played things close to the vest. Fox is “committed to our agreement with Disney and [we] are working through the conditions to bring it to a closing,” they recently told investors during a call to discuss earnings. “In addition, our directors, though, of course, are aware of their fiduciary duties on behalf of all shareholders.” Comcast isn't going to stop until the Murdochs say no or Disney makes it impossible for its rival to continue.
Library Party to Honor Artist Miggs Burroughs
The Westport Library will honor Westport artist Miggs Burroughs at a special reception on Monday, Aug. 21 from 6 to 8 p.m.
Miggs Burroughs at the opening of their Westport Library “Signs of Compassion” exhibit in May with Chris Timmons, curator of library exhibits. (CLICK TO ENLARGE) Lynn U. Miller for WestportNow.com
Miggs Burroughs at the opening of their Westport Library “Signs of Compassion” exhibit in May with Chris Timmons, curator of library exhibits. (CLICK TO ENLARGE)
The repertoire of the lifelong town resident includes designing the town flag, an Easter egg for Ronald Reagan's White House that is now housed in the Smithsonian Institution, a U.S. postage stamp, and a Time magazine cover.
The event titled “Bravo & Thank You, Miggs!” caps Burroughs' yearlong artist-in-residence role at the library, where they have served “as the library's ambassador to the town,” library officials said.
Among their myriad tasks, Burroughs hosted a series of “Artist-to-Artist” talks with others exhibiting in the library's Great Hall, as well as offering up design challenge prompts each month to the community.
Burroughs' residency ends at the same time their exhibit, “Signs of Compassion,” also wraps up.
The exhibit is a tribute to a poem about compassion by Emily Dickinson, expressed word by word in American Sign Language, as portrayed in 30 lenticular (animated) images of members of the community.
In conjunction with Burroughs' exhibit, the library will host a screening Thursday from 6 to 8 p.m. in the Large Reading Room of the newly released documentary “Emily Dickinson: My Letter to the World.”
Dickinson scholar Jerome Charyn is scheduled to introduce the film to be followed by a Q&A with its producer Sol Padopoulos.
Over the years Burroughs has volunteered their time and talent to numerous town projects, including Tunnel Vision on Main Street and a tunnel at the Metro-North Westport station.
A member of the Silvermine Guild in New Canaan and of the Westport Arts Center, they are one of only about a dozen artists in the country working in the medium of lenticular imagery.
“Everyone is invited,” the announcement of Burroughs's party says.
For further information, call (203) 291-4800 or visit http://www.westportlibrary.org.
The Pixel 2's Driving mode will enable Do Not Disturb when it detects you're in a vehicle in an effort to cut down on distractions.
The Google Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL feature a lot of improvements and new features compared to their predecessors, but perhaps one of the coolest additions is Pixel Ambient Services. This is the application that allows the Pixel 2/Pixel 2 XL to automatically identify songs that are playing in the background, but that's apparently not all it'll be able to do from day one.
Google listed the Pixel Ambient Services app on the Play Store right ahead of its unveiling for the Pixel 2, and while this offers a handful of screenshots for how the music ID feature will work, there's another screenshot that reveals a feature Google didn't mention at its big event – automatic Do Not Disturb while driving.
According to the screenshot, this new "Driving" mode "automatically turns on Do Not Disturb while you're in a moving vehicle, determined by device motion and Bluetooth connections." It appears that your Do Not Disturb profile is set to Total Silence by default, but there should be the option to change it to either Alarms Only or Priority Only if you'd like.
It can be far too easy these days to get distracted while on the road, so it's nice to see that Google is including a small touch like this to hopefully encourage people to leave their phone alone while zipping along at breakneck speeds. However, if you're a passenger in a vehicle and want to make sure that your phone doesn't think you're driving, you do have the option to toggle this Driving mode off to ensure you don't miss any notifications.
A conservative former journalist from a major daily joined South Korea's ruling Liberty Korea Party on Wednesday, seeking to run in the party's primary and the upcoming presidential election.
"Considering the things done by leftists' regime of Kim Dae-jung and Roh Moo-hyun, and looking at the arrogance (of the main opposition) which acts as if it has already won the race, we cannot accept another leftists' regime," said Kim Jin, who formerly worked as an editorial writer at the JoongAng Ilbo.
Kim Jin, who formerly worked as an editorial writer at the JoongAng Ilbo, delivers a speech after joining the Liberty Korea Party at the party's Seoul-based headquarter on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
Kim said Moon Jae-in and An Hee-jung, both presidential hopefuls from the Democratic Party, are an extension of the two former liberal administrations."The conservative bloc is not finished. The Liberty Korea Party has done things wrong, but not to the extent to be dumped by the people," Kim said.Since the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye over a corruption scandal in December, the ruling party has been struggling to find popular contenders for the upcoming presidential race, which will come earlier than expected if the Constitutional Court confirms their ouster.So far, former six-term lawmaker Rhee In-je, Rep. Won Yoo-chul, and Rep. Ahn Sang-soo have officially expressed the intent to run for the party's candidacy. Other potential presidential candidates from the party include South Gyeongsang Province Gov. Hong Joon-pyo and former Gyeonggi Province Gov. Kim Moon-soo. (Yonhap)
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Eastern Conference Atlantic Division W L PCT GB Westchester 11 5 .688 — Long Island 9 5 .643 1 Maine 8 7 .533 2½ Raptors 4 9 .308 5½ Central Division W L PCT GB Fort Wayne 10 4 .714 — Wisconsin 9 5 .643 1 Grand Rapids 7 9 .438 4 Canton 5 7 .417 4 Windy City 5 7 .417 4 Southeast Division W L PCT GB Lakeland 9 5 .643 — Greensboro 5 10 .333 4½ Erie 5 10 .333 4½ Delaware 3 11 .214 6 Western Conference Midwest Division W L PCT GB Oklahoma City 8 7 .533 — Sioux Falls 6 7 .462 1 Memphis 6 8 .429 1½ Iowa 4 8 .333 2½ Pacific Division W L PCT GB South Bay 10 2 .833 — Santa Cruz 10 6 .625 2 Agua Caliente 8 6 .571 3 Northern Arizona 5 9 .357 6 Reno 4 8 .333 6 Southwest Division W L PCT GB Rio Grande Valley 13 3 .813 — Austin 9 7 .563 4 Texas 7 7 .500 5 Salt Lake City 3 11 .214 9
___
Saturday's Games
Memphis 112, Greensboro 94
Lakeland 109, Fort Wayne 108 OT
Texas 127, Maine 105
Long Island 109, Wisconsin 105
Sunday's Games
Austin 111, Santa Cruz 104
Oklahoma City 127, Memphis 123
Westchester 123, Northern Arizona 103
South Bay at Reno, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Texas at Long Island, 7 p.m.
South Bay at Salt Lake City, 9 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Riyadh
US-Saudi ground forces on Thursday concluded their joint exercise “Earnest Leader 2017” in Tabuk, which aimed to develop and strengthen military relations, plans and programs between the two countries.
The joint exercise was held in the presence of Maj. Gen. Dhafer bin Ali Al-Shehri, commander of the Northwest Region, and Deputy Commander of the US Central Command Gen. Terrence McKenrick.
“We are very pleased with what we have seen between the interaction of our personnel and the U.S. personnel, enhancing their relationships,” said Al-Shehri during their closing statements.
“We are also very happy to see the spirit of cooperation between all participants and the lessons learned that were gained from this exercise.”
“The successful execution of this exercise is a testament to the Royal Saudi Land forces, the United States Army, planners.—Agencies
Whether you are trying to deal with skin issues that have recently cropped up, or just attempting to unwind after a long day, sometimes a face mask is the perfect cure. Anyone with a good mask library probably has a few different formulas on rotation. But the product you should definitely have in your medicine cabinet? One of the best clay masks.
Scratching your head about which one to pick up? You're not alone. That's why I've rounded up some fan-favorite formulas, and will break down exactly what they're good for.
But before I introduce you to your new mask mate, take note: A lot of people steer clear of these kinds of masks because they hear that they're drying. And while that can absolutely be true, that result has more to do with how you use the mask — not the formula itself. Instead of allowing the clay to get completely flakey, make sure to rinse the mask before it dries all the way: You will still get the full benefit of the mask's ingredients without the itchiness and tightness.
Now settle in. We've got the best clay masks on the market straight ahead, and they're only a click away.
1 The All-Around Best Clay Mask Amazon Aztec Secret Indian Healing Clay $9 AmazonBuy Now For a powerful formula at the fraction of the cost of name brands, the Aztec Secret Indian healing clay mask is a must-buy. Heralded by makeup gurus, celebrities, and Amazon reviewers alike, this clay mask deeply cleanses pores, tightens skin, and banishes blemishes like nobody's business. Best of all? It can also be used as a body mask, which means you can kiss your bacne buh-bye. And while this mask comes in powder form that may take a little extra work upfront (you mix your own mask with apple cider or water), you won't find a better-reviewed formula that delivers such amazing results, especially at such an unbeatable price.
2 The Best All-Natural Clay Mask Amazon Herbivore Blue Clay Detoxifying Treatment Mask $22 AmazonBuy Now Herbivore's Blue Clay Detoxifying Treatment Mask is made with all-natural ingredients, so you can feel good about the quality of the product you're putting on your skin. And while you can spread this stuff all over your face when you're in need of some serious rejuvenation, I actually love this mask as an overnight spot treatment. The blue clay helps reduce redness and puffiness, taking the air out of any zit you throw at it overnight, while the rose geranium essential oil in the formula serves as an anti-inflammatory to balance your overall complexion. It's a mini miracle in a jar.
4 The Best Peel-Off Clay Mask Amazon First Aid Beauty Skin Rescue Purifying Mask $17 AmazonBuy Now Clay masks can, unfortunately, be really messy. But the folks over at First Aid Beauty have solved that problem with their Skin Rescue Purifying Mask. After the red clay is done purifying your skin, all you've got to do is gently peel the mask off. No rinsing means no mess — just perfectly cleansed pores. Not to mention, its formula is packed with skin protectors like glycerin to hydrate skin, and an antioxidant booster that helps protect the surface of your skin from environmental aggressors.
Kinder Morgan, Inc. announced that the Kinder Morgan Canada Limited board of directors has agreed to the purchase of the Trans Mountain Pipeline system and the expansion project (TMEP) by the Government of Canada for C$4.5 billion, and has agreed to work with the Government of Canada to seek a third-party buyer for the Trans Mountain Pipeline system and TMEP through July 22, 2018.
As part of the agreement, the Government has agreed to fund the resumption of TMEP planning and construction work by guaranteeing TMEP's advances under a separate Federal Government recourse credit facility until the transaction closes. The parties expect to close the transaction late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to KML shareholder and applicable regulatory approvals.
“We are pleased that KML and the Government were able to reach agreement on a transaction that benefits the people of Canada, TMEP shippers and both KMI and KML shareholders,” said KMI Chief Executive Officer, and KML Chairman and CEO, Steve Kean. “The outcome reached represents the best opportunity to complete TMEP and thereby realize the great economic benefits promised by that project.
“For KMI, despite losing the EBITDA associated with the Trans Mountain system, we still expect to meet or exceed our 2018 distributable cash flow (DCF) per share target. The transaction will also have a positive impact on our consolidated balance sheet, as we expect KMI's approximately 70 percent share of after tax proceeds to be approximately US$2.0 billion. Additionally, we continue to expect a 2018 annualized dividend of $0.80 per share, followed by $1.00 per share in 2019 and $1.25 per share in 2020, a growth rate of 25 percent annually,” said Kean. “We will provide additional financial guidance after the transaction closes.
“With respect to future growth, we are confident that KMI will continue to find investment opportunities across its unparalleled network of midstream assets. Since mid-2015, we have added on average approximately $1.3 billion per year to our backlog,” continued Kean.
“During the last twelve months, we have added approximately $2.1 billion. Assuming that KMI can invest $2.0 billion per year at an average capital-to-Adjusted EBITDA multiple of approximately 7.0 times (versus the on-average 6.0 times for our backlog as of the first quarter of this year) those investments would yield KMI incremental annual EBITDA of over $300 million, representing greater than 4 percent annual EBITDA growth,” Kean concluded.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A personal trainer attacked a former client in a drink and drug fuelled rage, calling them a 'f*****g freak' and a 'f*****g tranny'.
Bodybuilder David Sharples had been drinking and taking cocaine with their transgender victim when they got a phone call from someone who owed them money.
They then took their anger out on Tamzin Yates during the assault in October 2015, but has avoided a jail sentence.
The 30-year-old punched them before strangling her, laughing as they said "lets see how many sleeper holds I can put you in", Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court heard.
(Image: Cavendish Press (Manchester) Ltd)
They had made friends with Ms Yates and was aware that they were a transgender woman, while acting as their personal trainer in Manchester.
The pair became closer and spent time together, and had been out drinking when they saw two sides to Sharples personality on the evening of 21 October 2015.
They verbally abused them knowing that it would cause upset to them after becoming angry, the court heard.
When they retaliated by slapping him, they punched them to the face knocking them out, and when they regained consciousness they were laughing at them with their hands around them throat.
(Image: Facebook)
Sharples pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm ad a previous hearing in June this year.
During police interviews they admitted putting a timer on their microwave, giving their victim 10 minutes to leave their flat, claiming that they had assaulted them first and that they were 'doing their head in'.
Prosecuting, David Jones, told the court that Sharples had purchased cocaine on the way back to their flat, where they were returning to feed their dog.
They said: "The victim Miss Yates met the defendant in the gym they were working at as their personal trainer. They had got on, and considered each other friends and in October 2015 they spent a few days together.
"On 21 October 2015 they had been at Miss Yates flat drinking, they returned to the defendants flat so they could feed their dog.
(Image: Facebook)
"When they had taken drugs and alcohol they said that they saw two sides to this defendants personality. They would go from happy to moody in a single heartbeat.
"Between 3am and 3.55am the first 999 call came in from someone on behalf of Miss Yates.
"They were at the defendants flat when they describe that the defendant received a phone call which appeared to make them angry.
"She felt the need to leave the room as a result of their anger, and they became more aggressive and angry thereafter when they made some more phone calls and their anger became focused on them
"He started shouting at them telling them to leave, and as they were collecting their belongings the defendant got angrier.
"He was shouting at her, telling them that they were a f*****g freak and a f*****g tranny. This was particularly abusive towards Miss Yates as they describe themselves as a pre-operation transgender woman.
"He continued verbally abusing them and spat in their face twice. Miss Yates admits that by this point they had had enough of the abuse and they accept that they slapped the defendant as a result of the abuse.
"He is a 6ft bodybuilder, they stared at them for a moment before punching them in the face which caused them to fall to the floor.
"She believes that they lost consciousness for a period of time. They recall coming to with the defendant strangling her, grabbing them repeatedly and smashing their head against the floor."
Mr Jones continued: "She recalls that this happened nine times or so.
"She was eventually able to get their leg free and kick out at the defendant. There was then a struggle, and during that struggle they described that every time they went to strike out at them the defendant would grip them harder.
"He then changed their grip on them They were struggling to breath, and was potentially rendered unconscious, but they heard the defendant say 'lets see how many sleeper holds I can put on you'.
(Image: Facebook)
"He was laughing as they did so. They then grabbed them by their hair and dragged them down the corridor and threw them out of the flat, still continuing with their transphobic abuse.
"She went into the bedroom where they had left their property when they again pushed them on the bed, and straddled them and began to strangle them again.
"He punched them and threatened that they were going to throw them out of the window. They didn't do this, but threatened it and Miss Yates felt fearful that it would happen.
"She was screaming for them to stop, and they again grabbed them by the hair and threw them into the corridor.
"The defendant continued to verbally abuse her, and Miss Yates admits shouting back at them that they couldn't deal with being attracted to a transgender woman. They continued to verbally abuse them
"She went into the foyer of the block of flats where somebody they met contacted 999 on their behalf.
"She had bruising all over their body, and a bloodied nose, and was taken to MRI, and was given an x-ray.
"When the defendant was subsequently arrested and interviewed they confirmed that they had been taking drugs and alcohol.
"He described themselves as coming from a mad comedown and was 'wired and tired'. They said 'I was wired out of my head and needed to calm down. They were doing my head in'."
Sharples also said that Miss Yates was the aggressor and that they had attacked them clawing and scratching at him.
They accepted that they had pushed them to keep them from attacking them and admitted that they had punched them and they fell to the floor.
They claimed that they had acted in self defence and denied that their actions were not motivated by them being transgender, which was accepted by the prosecution.
Sharples added in interview that the injuries Miss Yates had were sustained when they fell to the floor, and that they had been acting in self defence against them
They said that their comment about throwing them out of the window had been said earlier in the evening and had been a joke.
A victim personal statement from Ms Yates said: "She felt particularly hurt because they felt that the defendant was their friend and felt that they appeared to understand what they were going through which made the insults they used against them particularly upsetting.
"She described having a lack of confidence and self harming for a time. Physically they were so overpowered and dominated by the defendant.
"She has a lack of confidence, but they want to go ahead with the prosecution to show the defendant that this type of abuse should not occur. They do accept that it was not a transgender motivated assault."
Defending, Richard English told the court that their client had turned their life around in the two years since the assault, not having committed any offences since.
They added: "This is a very sad case. They were very fond of Miss Yates and they were friends. They have lost both a friend and their good character.
"He accepts that their behaviour was appalling. There has been no issues of offending in the months since and 18 months have passed.
"He has issues with their mental health and has been sectioned on one occasion and struggles with depression and anxiety.
"The habit of taking class A drugs did not help. They describe that in layperson's terms that they had a breakdown.
"He has since moved to Derby, is working in a new job and is in a new relationship which is very supportive and they know about these proceedings and stands by him.
"He has shown genuine remorse for their actions, and has not attempted to contact Miss Yates in any form and they acknowledge this."
Handing down a suspended sentence, Judge Angela Nield told Sharples: "This offence was described by your counsel as a very sad offence.
"Indeed they are correct because the assault you perpetrated on Tamzin Yates that night was a multi-pronged one.
"You struck them with a vicious punch with great force to their face and they were perhaps very fortunate that they didn't sustain great physical injury.
"The second prong was equally vicious. You used a verbal assault to cause much harm and distress to them as you possibly could.
"It is scarcely possibly to imagine an individual as they would describe themselves as a pre operation transgender woman going through the processes that they would have been having to deal with the words that you said to them
"The words you said to them were designed to harm, undermine and distress them
"You had regarded them as a friend and they regarded you not only as a friend by somebody they believed understood their difficulties particularly the physical and emotional things that they were embarking upon.
"That was then used against them The bruises I have seen would have been unpleasant and painful, but will largely have faded.
"But I suspect that the words spoken will be remembered by them for a very very long time to come.
"I am told that you are a man who is capable of living a law abiding life, you are working, and you have a partner and are in a stable relationship, with all of the stresses that that entails.
"Most importantly you have come off the drugs.
"It seems to me that having taken both alcohol and cocaine at the time of this offence it was the root cause of your behaving in what seems to be in a completely out of character way.
"That does not excuse what you did, and I accept that you have showed an appropriate amount of remorse."
Sharples was given a sentence of 16 months imprisonment suspended for 18 months, and they must complete 180 hours unpaid work and 20 hours rehabilitation.
They must also pay compensation of £500 to Miss Yates at a rate of £50 a month, and a mandatory surcharge.
Speaking after the case Miss Yates said: "My experience with David Sharples has caused severe anxiety, and the comments they added at the end of their assault were why I went ahead with pressing charges.
"They were cruel and unfair and I had to make a point to them and others like him.
"Just because someone is transgender it does not give a man or anyone else the right to go as far in assaulting a woman or any other person.
"I am much more alert since the assault, and have to think so much more before trusting people.
"Any other transgender person who has experienced an assault like this needs to come forward, as there are people who can help them.
"My case highlights that justice can be done and bring them to justice. It's not okay to just accept violence just because someone has an issue with your gender. It is never the answer and things can be done."
NEW YORK—Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled today a progressive city tax proposal aimed at raising as much as $800 million annually for New York City's deteriorating subway and bus system. The proposed tax adjustment – levied on fewer than 1% of the city's wealthiest tax filers – would also allow the city to cut in half subway and bus fares paid by 800,000 low-income New Yorkers.
“Rather than sending the bill to working families and subway and bus riders already feeling the pressure of rising fares and bad service, we are asking the wealthiest in our city to chip in a little extra to help move our transit system into the 21st century,” said Mayor de Blasio. “Instead of searching for a ‘quick fix' that doesn't exist, or simply forking over more and more of our tax dollars every year, we have come up with a fair way to finance immediate and long-term transit improvements and to better hold the state accountable for the system's performance. Our subways and buses are the veins that make life in the greatest city in the world possible. This fair funding source will provide immediate help to straphangers – and it will help New Yorkers get around our city reliably for the next generation and beyond.”
The new tax would increase the city's highest income tax rate by 0.534%, from 3.876% to 4.41%, on taxable incomes above $500,000 for individuals and above $1 million for couples.
This tax will be paid by an estimated 32,000 New York City tax filers – 0.8% of the city's filers, about 32,000 people. The tax is projected to raise $700 million in 2018, before rising to $820 million a year by 2022. This new investment will add on to an annual $1.6 billion in city operational support for subways and buses, and a $2.5 billion commitment in 2015 to the long-term needs of the MTA.
The $500 million in revenue dedicated to modernizing our aging subways and buses could support borrowing up to $8 billion for capital upgrades. The mayor believes this funding should be immediately directed toward core infrastructure improvements like signal improvements, new cars and track maintenance, keys to reducing delays and disruptions that have paralyzed the system in recent months.
Half-priced MetroCards for low-income New Yorkers will be financed by an expected $250 million of the revenue raised by this tax. As many as 800,000 New Yorkers are expected to qualify for half-priced MetroCards based on their income levels.
More than 70 roof-tile workers representing over 30 factories participated in a bodybuilding contest as part of Indonesia Independence day in .... euronews-en 5:17:00 AM CEST
The Amherst College women's basketball team held on for a 50-43 win over Tufts at home Friday evening.
With the win, the team improved to 21-0 on the season.
Madeline Eck paced Amherst's offense, putting up a game-high 20 points along with six rebounds. Hannah Hackley, Emma McCarthy and Jackie Nagle also had eight points apiece in the win.
Take a look at photos from the game in the gallery above.
McCracken said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,'" they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
Insider
Elite prospects from the 2018 class have been flying around the country the past several weekends, taking official visits and advancing in their recruitments. That quiets down for the most part this weekend, as the USA Basketball Junior National Team minicamp in Colorado Springs, Colorado, will be the destination of choice for dozens of top prospects. Fifteen of the top 17 American high school basketball players will be among those in attendance, along with the top two juniors in the country and seven of the top 10 sophomores.
The lone five-star to make an official visit this weekend is Canada native Simi Shittu (No. 6), who heads to Vanderbilt.
With that in mind, here's a brief look at the recruitments for each of the 2018 prospects expected to be in Colorado.
Note: Cameron Reddish (Duke), Darius Bazley (Syracuse), Tre Jones (Duke), Immanuel Quickley (Kentucky), Nassir Little (North Carolina), Reggie Perry (Mississippi State), Jahvon Quinerly (Arizona) and Tyler Herro (Wisconsin) are already committed.
Published:
Senior Advocate of Nigeria Femi Falana (SAN) has blamed the unending killings of harmless Nigerians by armed bandits on the governors of states where such sacrileges occur, and recommended military training for all Nigerians.
Falana made this known on the sidelines of a Colloquium in honour of veteran journalist Kunle Ajibade to commemorate their 60 birthday. They explained that their opinion was in view of growing concerns over ceaseless fatal invasion of communities in the country by armed bandits.
Falana also said that state governors have a role to play in improving security in their respective states, especially with their presence in the Police Service Commission. They insisted that by the provisions of section 214 of the Nigerian Constitution, the governors have powers to control the police.
"The only thing the Federal Government need to do is pay the salary of the Police.“Over 300 assailants have been apprehended, but none has been prosecuted.“This is the work of state attorney generals, not the federal government,” Falana said.
According to him, the governors are abdicating their responsibilities, and this is why the incessant killings would continue.“Murder is not a federal offence, but state's,” said Falana.
Share This
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Marshal Yanda wouldn't say whether their surgically repaired left shoulder would be ready for the start of Baltimore Ravens training camp in late July.
The six-time Pro Bowl guard did offer one guarantee, however.
"I can just tell you Week 1, I'm going to be out there, for sure," Yanda said after Wednesday's mandatory minicamp practice.
Ravens guard Marshal Yanda says their surgically repaired left shoulder 'feels really good' and they expect to be ready for Week 1 of the season. Jamison Hensley/ESPN
Yanda has been sidelined all offseason but has been lifting and getting stronger. Coach John Harbaugh said in March that they expect Yanda, 32, to return by training camp.
"It feels really good," Yanda said. "I haven't had any setbacks. It's been a smooth process."
Yanda tore the labrum in their left shoulder on Oct. 9, and some thought the injury would be season ending. Instead, they only missed three games.
Editor's Picks Signing with Ravens 'just felt right,' Maclin says Receiver Jeremy Maclin said he's ready to "build something special" after the veteran signed with the Ravens.
In order for them to be effective with the injury, Yanda switched from right to left guard for the final seven games. They said getting comfortable with the position change and trying to perform at a high level at it was "one of the toughest things I've done."
"I was happy to finish it that way, rather than go IR and get the surgery then," Yanda said. "It was nice to go down fighting. Obviously, we didn't finish what we wanted to do. But I, at least, wanted to die trying doing it."
This isn't the first time Yanda has had to miss most of the offseason while recovering from an injury. They underwent surgery on their right shoulder after the Ravens won the Super Bowl four years ago and didn't return until training camp. Yanda still went to the Pro Bowl that season.
"We all understand that it's a game of injuries," Yanda said. "You have to fight through those if you want to have a career in the NFL."
Covert Media has sold the Star Wars spoof “Star Worlds” to multiple markets at the Berlin Film Festival, a week after launching sales.
Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer, whose credits include the Scary Movie franchise, “Epic Movie” and “Vampires Suck” are writing and directing the project, titled “Star Worlds Episode XXXIVE=MC2: The Force Awakens The Last Jedi Who Went Rogue.” Covert Media's CEO Paul Hanson (“District 9”) is producing the film alongside Broken Road Productions' Todd Garner (“True Memoirs of an International Assassin”).
The film is currently in pre-production targeting a fall shoot. The film is being fully financed and produced by Covert Media, which launched worldwide sales on the film in Berlin.
“Star Worlds” has been acquired by Constantin Film for Germany, Eagle Pictures for Italy, Tripictures for Spain, and Gussi for Latin America. Rights have also been sold to Eagle Films for the Middle East, Movie Cloud for Taiwan, PVR Pictures in India, Tanweer in Malaysia, and to Red Pictures for Korea, Hong Kong, Thailand, Philippines and Vietnam.
“With their comedic take on the franchise's most beloved characters both old school and new, ‘Star Worlds' will leave no convention, cliché, or iconic moment untouched,” Covert said.
Executive producers on “Star Worlds” include Covert's Elissa Friedman, Media Content Capital's Sasha Shapiro and Anton Lessine and Broken Road's Jeremy Stein.
Mel Brooks spoofed the first three “Star Wars” movies in 1987 with “Spaceballs,” which starred Brooks, Bill Pullman, John Candy, Rick Moranis, Daphne Zuniga and Dick Van Patten.
Periodismo de Barrio has edited a collection of 13 articles on the Cuban Internet in collaboration with the Internet Policy Observatory at the University of Pennsylvania. The articles cover the history of the Cuban Internet, the legal framework, services, communities, and projects. It is a diverse collection — something for everyone.
Here are thumbnail summaries of each article:
Perhaps the most outstanding feature of this collection is not any one of the articles, but the fact that they were pulled together and edited as an innovative online "dossier" — an anthology of articles on the Internet in Cuba.
Finally, the editor, Elaine Díaz Rodríguez. asked me for feedback on their opening contribution ¿Puede Estados Unidos conectar a Internet a los cubanos? and I might as well share my comments.
Elaine covered several US efforts to influence the Cuban Internet, most recently Trump's Cuban Internet Task Force. I've written a couple of posts on the Task Force, which I see as a political act. That being said, the Task Force participant's hearts are in the right place for the most part and we can hope that genuine aid and investment might be possible in the future if Trump is defeated and Diaz-Canel adopts Internet-friendly policies.
Elaine also drilled down on the Alan Gross fiasco. I've written many posts about Alan Gross, including several on what they actually did, how little difference they would have made had they succeeded and how much the Cubans overstated the impact it would have had.
I agree with Elaine that nothing happened as a result of President Obama's trip to Cuba. That being said, Google has worked diligently, before and after President Obama's trip, to establish relationships in Cuba. The only concrete result has been their caching server (GCC) in Cuba, but the relationships they have built may pay off in the long run. (GCC has resulted in a noticeable increase in YouTube traffic relative to Facebook).
I've also written posts on La ruta de Internet en Cuba — including one on the initial Cuban Internet connection over a link provided by Sprint with a subsidy from the US National Science Foundation and several on pre-Internet networking in Cuba.
I've speculated on the question raised in the essay Internet en Cuba: ¿limitada por la política o la economía?. From the early days of the Internet, it has been both the economy and politics, but I would add vested interests and bureaucracy today.
Another post asks ¿Quién eres, Etecsa?, a question I've also asked, but can't answer.
The post Te quiero, mi sangre shows WiFi hotspots being used to communicate emotion and presence, in the tradition of the pioneering Hole in Space performance art project.
I've also looked at Nauta Hogar, and, while I agree that it is useful for some tech and other small businesses, it is a dead end on the road to home connectivity.
Video: Cristiano Ronaldo tells their son to say hello to Lionel Messi
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have a lot of respect for each other.
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu Video 02 Jan 2017, 11:10 IST
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are arguably the two greatest footballers of our generation. While, there is an endless debate between fans, players and pundits as to who is better between the two, Ronaldo and Messi themselves have huge respect for each other.
In this heartwarming video, we can see Cristiano Ronaldo instructing their son, Ronaldo Jr. to go and meet their longtime rival Lionel Messi. Ronaldo who is seated with their mother and son is seen pointing out Lionel Messi to Ronaldo Jr.
The Barcelona star on catching a glimpse of Ronaldo's son makes their way towards them and engages in some friendly chat, even kissing Ronaldo Jr. on the cheeks. This video of Ronaldo encouraging their son to meet Messi went viral and shows that there is no animosity whatsoever between the game's two greatest players.
Cristiano Ronaldo wants their son to play as a forward
Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo has already planned out their son's career as a footballer. The Portuguese striker believes that their son shares the same athletic characteristics as themselves and believes they can thrive in the forward role.
While Ronaldo is keen to avoid being a demanding parent, should Ronaldo Jr take up the sport, they want them to play as a forward and definitely not as a goalkeeper.
"Of course I want my son to be a footballer player like their daddy," Ronaldo told Egyptian channel ON E TV in an interview.
"I know it's a big challenge, it's not easy. But they will be whatever they want, I won't make pressure.
"I will push them a little bit to be a football player. Not to be a goalkeeper, I want them to be a striker.
"But they will be whatever they want. I'm not worried."
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi might have fans fighting wildly on social media platforms as to who is better, but, as this video clearly shows, there is nothing but huge mutual respect between the two of them.
I lay among friends, huddled and cold in our sleeping bags. We listened to the lashing wind and the drums and prayer chants coming from the sacred fire, and we reflected on why we, four Iraq War veterans, were here.
Police floodlights shone from the drill site of the Dakota Access Pipeline, scheduled to cross under the Missouri River, the water source for millions of people.
Members of the Standing Rock Sioux, concerned not only about polluted water but also the desecration of sacred sites, began resisting the pipeline in 2014. In mid-2016, finally, these water protectors gained major support.
Over 200 tribal nations pledged solidarity. Thousands of non-natives traveled to North Dakota to stand on the front lines. Then, as images of police violence against protectors got increasingly disturbing, some 4,000 veterans — including me — joined the resistance in early December.
Why had so many veterans taken up the cause of the Native Americans and environmentalists at Standing Rock?
My own reasons are rooted in western Pennsylvania's coal country, where I grew up. There, I rode my bicycle on trails crossing abandoned strip mines. Bulldozers had left precarious shale formations and streams ran orange with iron runoff.
When a sanitation corporation threatened to open a landfill at a reclaimed mine near homes in our community, residents finally resisted. At age 15, I joined the fight to stop the dump, gaining a deeper appreciation for the wildlife — and water — of my region.
Good jobs are scarce in my hometown, so military service is something nearly every boy — and now girl — considers. My grandfathers both served, along with several uncles.
Back home, the military is sacrosanct. But I wasn't especially proud of my five years in the Army, two of which were spent in Iraq.
My job as a radar operator, like so many military specializations, got privatized, so I found myself tasked out for other duties. I guarded poor Iraqis while they filled thousands of sandbags for the contractor Kellogg, Brown, and Root, only to see those sandbags rot in the sun as they sat unused.
I also loaded caskets onto cargo planes — an image often hidden from the American public. And I escorted high-ranking officers on unnecessary trouble-provoking missions (how else could one earn the Combat Infantry Badge?).
Like many post-9/11 veterans, I left the military seeking redemption. Perhaps that's why, after I saw those images of police violence against water protectors, I went to Standing Rock.
There, instead of helping military contractors make money, I felt like I was finally serving the people.
While we were there, on December 4, the Army Corps of Engineers finally denied the pipeline company its permit to drill under the river. Police pulled back, and the water protectors celebrated.
The indigenous community had worked months for this ruling. They sacrificed the most. But I like to think the result was also influenced by the prospect of police tear-gassing and firing rubber bullets at unarmed veterans.
A ceremony followed where Wesley Clark Jr., key organizer of the Veterans Stand for Standing Rock campaign, offered an apology to Native Americans on behalf of the military, citing decades of broken treaties and violence. Five hundred of us went to our knees.
I hope to participate in a forgiveness ceremony one day in Iraq, in the spirit of Standing Rock.
Kevin Basl is a member of Iraq Veterans Against the War. He's also an instructor for Combat Paper NJ and Warrior Writers, two veteran-focused arts organizations.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol and the surrounding area are hotspots for crack, heroin and ecstasy use, while arrests for cannabis possession are on the slide.
New figures reveal that the Avon and Somerset area has one of the highest rates of seizures for crack, with 198 seizures per one million people last year – more than twice the rate of the rest of the England and Wales.
Added to that, there were 244 seizures of heroin per million people – again significantly higher than the rest of England and our neighbours across the Severn.
(Image: ASPolice)
With the city's universities labelled ‘party unis', seizures of ecstasy are also very high, with 91 per one million people in the last year.
In addition to those Class A substances, the Class B drug ketamine is also prevalent in the area, with more than three times the rate of seizures compared with the rest of England and Wales.
Avon and Somerset Police made 3,783 seizures throughout the year.
The four-part BBC documentary Drugsland has focused on the city's association and problems with drug dealing and use.
(Image: BBC)
Crack and heroin are prevalent in episodes one and two, which focus on the dealing of the former and the consequences of the latter.
The use of so-called ‘party drugs' like ecstasy and ketamine is also brought under the spotlight in the final instalment.
However, while there are spikes in the numbers of seizures of Class A and party drugs, arrests for possession of cannabis seem to have decreased.
There were 4,876 arrests for possession across the area in the year ending June 2013 but only 1,788 in the year ending June 2017, the latest Home Office data reveals.
(Image: PA Wire)
That is a drop of 63.3 per cent - one of the biggest in the country.
A spokesperson for drug charity Release said: “The fall in arrests for cannabis is most likely a result of the significant reductions in stop and search, and some police forces focusing their resources on more serious crimes, including property and violent offences.”
“The fact that more than 80,000 people are still arrested for cannabis offences is shocking, especially in cases where the offence is one of possession for personal use. Countries around the world are taking a different approach, with many implementing legal frameworks that do not criminalise people caught in possession of drugs.
“At least 25 countries have ended criminal sanctions for possession of either cannabis or all drugs and levels of drug use have not increased, additionally there have been positive outcomes in terms of health, social, and economic factors.”
The spokesperson also said that some police forces have implemented diversion schemes for possession of drugs.
Avon and Somerset police often refer people caught in possession of drugs for personal use to a drugs intervention without arrest, something that is reflected in Drugsland.
The Egyptian striker is currently on top of the world, having scored another two goals this evening, in the Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma.
Last Sunday the Professional Footballers' Association named the best players of the season, with Egyptian striker Mohamed Salah (Liverpool) being awarded the Player of the Year title, with Manchester City's Kevin De Bruyne coming second.
Salah, 25, and De Bruyne, 26, have something in common: they were both rejected by Mourinho when they had them at Chelsea.
Both are now worth at least three times what they were then. Lukaku is another player who Mourinho failed to get the best out of, and who now is one of the big names in the Premier League.
Salah never figured in Mou's plans
When Mou returned to Chelsea in June 2013, De Bruyne and Lukaku were already there. Six months later Salah joined, from Basel.
But the Egyptian never figured in Mourinho's plans, playing just 13 games in all competitions. At the end of the season, Salah was sent on loan to Fiorentina, and then sold to Roma for 12.5 million euros.
A year later Liverpool stumped up 50 million for him. Today… who knows what he's actually worth (add on a fair amount for their two goals and two assists against Roma in the Champions League semi-final first leg).
Mourinho said De Bruyne would be part of their team when they joined. Six months later they sold the player to Wolfsburg for 20 million euros. A good bit of business for the German club, who then sold them to Manchester City for 62 million euros.
Chelsea sold Lukaku to Everton for 30 million; last summer Manchester United, coached by none other than Mourinho, shelled out 103 million euros for him…
PicoBrew has been around for a while, making beer brewing easy, even for people who don't know the difference between hops and hops. The company's current Kickstarter campaign is for the Pico C, a small home brewing appliance to make brewing even easier, using a Nespresso-style cartridge approach to making your own home brews. Today, the company announced a surprise upgrade option to its campaign – a whole new appliance. The PicoStill is a small still to make hard liquor from the beer you made with the Pico C. I'm not sure these type of surprises are a great idea.
On the topic of moonshine, I should point out that the company (wisely) doesn't suggest you go and brew your own gin right off the bat. “PicoStill can be used to distill hop oil, water, and essential oils. Licensed and properly permitted craft distillers can also use the PicoStill to produce a wide range of alcohols, including vodka, whiskey, bourbon, moonshine, gin, brandies, schnapps and more.” Can you hear the “wink, wink, nudge, nudge” in that sentence, right around where it says “licenced and properly permitted craft distillers”? Yeah, me too.
Anyway. As exciting as it is to spring a whole additional piece of kit on your backers, I'm not going to lie: I really hope that this isn't the start of a trend. Hardware startups are hard ( I should know… ), and scaling hardware manufacturing is an art in itself. We've seen many of the most popular hardware crowdfunding campaigns crumble under their own weight, (Ahem, we're looking at you, The Coolest Cooler ) not least because they added layers and layers of complexity to a product as so-called “stretch goals”. Adding a whole new piece of equipment to the mix is brave, to put it mildly.
Don't get me wrong; PicoBrew is an excellent company, and they've successfully delivered on promises in the past. There's nothing that makes me think that it won't deliver this time, too. I further admit that a $479 brewing machine and still early bird kit is causing my finger to hover over the “pledge now” button. The thought of having a home brewery and still in my own home is so unbearably cool that I barely know what to do myself. Of course, that's exactly what marketing is meant to do (It worked! Congratulations.)
Having said that: surprising backers with major changes half-way through a campaign makes it much harder to do due diligence. Whenever you back a campaign on any crowdfunding campaign, you should ask yourself “Do the promises a company is making about a product make sense? Do I have faith in their ability to deliver?” The answer to that question could change significantly if the campaign changes the goalposts halfway through, and makes it much harder to be a diligent crowdfunding backer.
PicoStill is available now to Kickstarter backers for $170USD, or packaged with the Pico Model C for $499. It will retail for $349 when it hits stores later this fall.
Image copyright Sri Lankan military Image caption Troops have been helping with rescue and recovery efforts. At least 30 people are still missing and 28 are now confirmed dead after a huge rubbish dump collapsed in the Sri Lankan capital Colombo, officials say. bbc 2:20:00 PM CEST
If you haven't seen the video of the residents of a nursing home in Houston, TX sitting in waist-high water simply search “video of seniors in waist high water” in your browser.
School children were evacuated, families were evacuated and who was left behind — seniors. Two weeks later, in the aftermath of Irma, 14 seniors died from overheating in a Broward County nursing home.
If these seniors had been children, the outcry would have been much louder and punishment swifter. An excellent example is the most recent earthquake in Mexico. The school that fell down on top of 24 children and four adults had rescuers there in minutes with TV crews transmitting the entire search for more than three days. I fear that would not be the case if this had been a home where senior citizens lived.
It is this dichotomy that led me and my partners to found Parent Your Parents (PYP)(parentyourparents.com). How could anyone allow their “charge” to drown or die from overheating. Yes, these assisted living centers and Medicaid-funded nursing homes are negligent but isn't that also the case for the families who left them there? Would they have ever done that to their children?
There is no criticism here — simply a look in the mirror. If your parents or grandparents are in one of these homes today the chances are excellent that you will be, as well. Yes, we can buy Long Term Care Insurance but today's policies don't cover you for the duration of your life. We are living longer and unless you have a minimum of $5 million there is a very good chance you will use all your money in the last five years of your life for healthcare.
As a child of an aging parent or loved one there comes a time and you must take charge. It isn't easy and it wasn't easy for them when you were a cute kid begging for a kitty and they said no. But, if it's time, face it .
First, honestly assess where they are mentally and physically. Discuss options with your siblings and present a united front — just like your parents did when you were a child. You must have a Living Will, you must have a Power of Attorney — one for finance, one for medical. You must go to the doctor with them and make certain they are receiving the best medical care. The doctors must know that you are on top of their health. (I fired my parents doctor.)
Secondly — ask them what insurance they have — is it life insurance, supplemental health insurance, burial policy, Long Term Care, and, the most difficult question — what is their financial status?
None of this is easy but none of it takes financial acuity — it takes emotion, love, tenderness and hand holding. Remember when you were a kid and your parents took you through some of life's trials with the same skills?
Disasters like Irma, Maria and earthquakes bring out the best and the worst. Now is the time to be the best.
H. Frances Reaves, Esq., a graduate of the University of Miami Law School, spent 10 years as a litigator/lobbyist. Today, they Are an accomplished businesswoman who, when their parents could no longer take care of themselves, learned the ins and outs of senior care (or the lack thereof). They founded Parent Your Parents to assist seniors and their children through the myriad pitfalls and options of “senior care” in the 21st Century. If you have any questions or comments contact Frances at hfrancesr@parentyourparents.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marnie Simpson entered the Big Brother house in tonight's episode, along with Gemma Collins and Nicola McLean.
And the Geordie Shore star immediately riled housemate Kayleigh Morris up the wrong way, as she's best friends with their sworn enemy Charlotte Crosby.
Speaking to their Big Brother housemates about Marnie, Kayleigh said: "Her best mate is someone I'm not allowed to go anywhere near."
And later in the diary room, they continued: "I hate Charlotte Crosby and you put them f**king best friend in and when I look at Marnie I just think of f**king Charlotte and it's angering me every f**king second.
(Photo: C5)
(Photo: Snapchat/Charlotte Crosby)
"My f**king boyfriend has Charlotte Crosby's f**king tattoo on their f**king leg, I'm sick of it."
Charlotte has now responded to their former Ex On The Beach co-star's rant.
Taking to Twitter, they said: "Hahahhahahahahahhahahahhaa I hope marines gunna put some people in their place (sic)!"
Marnie did have their say about Kayleigh in the diary room.
(Photo: C5)
(Photo: C5)
They said: "I just don't like them as a person, I think she's very busy, she's got a lot of things to say about people.
"She's said some horrible things about me."
*Big Brother continues on Channel 5 tomorrow at 10pm
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Now the countdown to Christmas 2017 has really started (eek!), the pressure is on for parents to nab the hottest toys on their child's wish list.
Whether you're buying for your own little ones or someone else's, we have collected together the best gift ideas for kids - from the in-demand Luvabella doll to the latest tech gadgets - to suit all budgets.
So pick out a gift that has the wow factor or some fun stocking fillers that will win you serious brownie points. And if you're still stuck for ideas why not check out our our handy Christmas gift guide and ideas on top toys for 2017 and gifts for teenagers?
Gifts under £20
Looking for a sweet Christmas gift? Charlie the Sausage dog likes long walks, cuddles, carrots and ball games - take them home as a gift for your little one.
Not suitable for children under 12 months.
Paddington puzzle set, Marks & Spencer, £12
Build this colourful 30-piece Paddington puzzle and complete the scene using the special shaped pieces. Suitable for 3+ years.
Add a child's name and home, and POW! A unique adventure, from outer space all the way home to their front door. For girls and boys aged 3 - 10.
This Princess Twilight Sparkle and Spike the Dragon Friendship Duet set features Twilight and Spike figures that can sing together!
Press the Cutie Mark button on the Princess Twilight Sparkle figure to hear them sing by herself, or hold the Spike the Dragon figure next to them while they sing to hear them sing a duet.
Make sure your little one wraps up warm during the winter months with this cute cat set.
My First JCB bath squirter, Amazon.co.uk, £4.99 each
Make bath time fun with these JCB water squirters.
Decorated with bright colours and a fun design, this fabulous personalised wooden chair makes a wonderful addition to a child's bedroom, nursery or play area.
Blast off into space with Ben Elf in their space outfit. Open up the doors, to reveal the control room. With take off and landing sounds, 4 fun phrases, a torchlight (with flashing & steady modes), rotating magic jelly fuel, there's lots of fun to be had!
Requires 3 x AAA batteries. For ages 3 years and over.
Never travel alone with this super cuddly Triceratops travel cushion, the perfect comforter for little ones.
A cute way to get into good habits.
Rabbit night light, Flying Tiger, £2
The light, which is battery-powered, soothes little ones to sleep with its soft glow, slowly changing colour from pink to green to blue to white.
A cosy crocodile knit for your little man. From 3 months to 5 years.
Tito the Turtle leisurely moves along with their shell rolling and twirling as little ones learn to walk and balance.
FabLab Invent A Scent Perfume Set, John Lewis, £10.99
(Image: John Lewis)
Keep your budding beauty queen busy over the festive period with this fun perfume-making set.
Peppa Pig Lunch Box, Tesco Direct, £7.99
(Image: Tesco)
What child doens't love Peppa Pig? Send yours back off to school in 2018 with this cute Peppa Pig lunch box that comes with a matching water bottle.
(Image: Bandai)
It's been 20 years but Tamagotchi's are back for a new generation to fall in love with the retro toy, which we think will make a great stocking filler.
(Image: argos.co.uk)
An old favourite, Twister is still as fun as ever, and perfect for keeping the kids entertained after Christmas lunch.
(Image: Hamleys)
For 2017 Top Trumps have released a long-awaited Harry Potter version.
Each set is themed by book, so wizards and witches will be able to compare their favourite characters from the popular series.
(Image: smythstoys.com)
If you know a Paw Patrol Pup fan, then this Rescue Driver toy by VTech is sure to make them happy on Christmas Day.
The driver includes five characters including the real voice of Ryder and three modes - ATV, hovercraft and snowmobile - to help your rescuers on their missions.
Gifts under £50
Wooden washing machine, George Home at Asda, £25
Spin, rinse, drain, wash. This wooden washing machine from George Home might not clean like a real one but it's every bit as fun for your little ones. Sparking imaginative role play and letting them play grown-ups, this incredibly detailed retro toy comes in eye-catching colours for hours of storytelling and excitement.
Suitable for 3+ years.
The ultimate cuddle companion.
With a push button on the steering wheel for a realistic horn sound and a comfy seat this ride on will provide hours of excitement to any little car enthusias.
Let them cook up dinner for the whole family with this lovely wooden kitchen from George Home. They'll adore pretend frying on the four burners, heating up food with the toy microwave and storing their toy food in the cupboards.
With cool, modern colours, it's easy to assemble and offers them hours of play, telling stories and serving meals to their friends.
Everyone can get a quiet night, when your little one opens this dinosaur suit on Christmas morning.
Fox Fisherman's jacket, Jojo Maman Bebe, £39
This gorgeous little coat will brighten up dreary winter days and keep your little one warm and dry. From 12 months to six years.
Inflatable Peppa Pig with remote control, Argos & Very.co.uk, £24.99
Watch Peppa zoom around the room.
80cm long hot water bottles, so toes don't get chilly.
(Image: argos.co.uk)
Kick-start your child's love affair with photography with the Vtech Kidizoom Duo Camera.
Kids can switch between two 2.0MP lens, and add distortion effects, stamps and frames to their snaps. Or make their own unique home videos, adding fun animations and sound effects.
SoundMoovz, Toys R Us, £49.99
(Image: Argos)
Wearable, app-connected motion-activated musical bandz.
Move your wrists and ankles to create beats, rhythms and music, layer your beat onto a song and connect to a wireless speaker for even louder fun.
(Image: Hamleys)
Bring the fun of Laser Tag home with this kit, which can be used both in and outdoors, and features shooters that can fire up to 60m with pinpoint accuracy. The only problem you'll have is getting them to stop playing.
Gifts for £51+
Be the best racing team in the business with the amazing Blox Race Car Transporter Building Brick Set. Load the cars and get to the race track, unload onto the starting grid and race. This set includes everything you need to build a race car transporter, racing cars, pit stop and figures. Suitable for ages 6+.
LittleBits droid inventor kit, John Lewis, Amazon, Disney Store, Apple Store, £99
The ultimate kit for Star Wars fans.
LeapPad Ultimate, Argos, Toys R Us, £109.99
From the makers of the world famous range of kids' tablets comes the LeapPad Ultimate; the newest in kid safe, kid smart and kid tough learning. Wi-Fi connected with a 7 inch hi-res touch screen, powerful processor and sleek design, the newest addition to the LeapPad family delivers the Ultimate learning experience.
Not suitable for children under 3 years old.
JCB ride-on digger and trailer, Argos, Toys R Us, £39.99
This Tractor Ride On lets your little ones take on big construction projects. It has a rotatable, fully working, back digger arm that can hold up to 3kg, and for bigger jobs a front excavator can be lifted and tilted, holding up to a massive 25kg.
(Image: Argos)
It's the Christmas toy on everyone's lists this year. The Luvabella is the life-like doll kids are currently going crazy for. They open their eyes and giggles, and even moves like a real baby.
If you want one, you'd better move fast as these are selling out like hotcakes!
The LEGO boosts allows kids to build and code interactive, motorised robots and models with distance, colour and tilt sensor technologies.
Nintendo SNES Classic Mini console, Toys R Us , £79.99
(Image: Amazon)
The release of this throwback Nintendo game is a great gaming gift at the fraction of the cost of other rival consoles - but equal amounts of fun to play. Fully loaded with 21 games to play from Super Mario to Final Fantasy.
The kids in your life - big or small - will love this. That's if you're lucky enough to nab one of these - they're selling out as soon as they hit shelves.
(Image: Hamleys)
Hatchimals was the must-have toy last year, and its popularity shows no sign of waning.
But what's the difference with this version? There are now two in each egg - and double the fun. Once hatched the twins will interact with each other, sing, tell jokes and more.
(Image: Hamleys)
With the new Star Wars film out on 14 December 2017, fans of the galactic franchise will be smitten with this BB-8 kit.
The kids will have hours of enjoyment building the 1106 piece model of the droid - and the head and wielding torch even move.
(Image: Halfords)
Your first bike is a gift to remember and your little one will love this racing the sturdy red mountain bike round the park, whatever the weather.
MONTREAL—The Montreal Canadiens fired head coach Michel Therrien on Tuesday and replaced them with Claude Julien.
The Habs have struggled of late and slipped into fifth place in the NHL's Eastern Conference standings.
“I would like to sincerely thank Michel for their relentless work with the Montreal Canadiens over their eight seasons behind the bench, including the last five seasons when we worked together,” Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin said in a release. “The decision to remove Michel from their coaching duties was a difficult one because I have lots of respect for him. I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market. Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and they won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that they have the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Julien, who was fired as coach of the Boston Bruins last week, returns to the city where they coached from 2003-06.
Randy Allen Eyre,62, of Sardinia passed away Friday April 20, 2018 at their residence.
They were preceded in death by their parents Vic and Essie(Martin) Eyre.
 They are survived by their wife Jeri Eyre, two sons Randy Eyre Jr. of Loveland Oh, and Ryan (Rachel) Eyre of Sardinia, two grandsons Ryan Eyre Jr. and William Eyre, one sister Tammy (Roger) Taylor of Winchester Oh, one brother Lenn Eyre of Sardinia Oh.
Islamabad
Pakistan Tehreek e Insaf has pleaded Chief Justice of Pakistan to take suo-motu of the plight of Pakistanis in Saudi Arabia. According to the details issued by party's Central Media Department, Central Deputy Secretary-General Pakistan Tehreek e Insaf Murad Saeed has written to Chief Justice of Pakistan and briefed them in detail about the miseries of Pakistanis in Saudi Arabia and pleaded them to take suo-motu action in this regard.
More than one thousand Pakistani nationals languishing in prisons in Saudi Arabia, and urgently need legal help and assistance from their government to be able to properly defend themselves in the courts, they maintain adding that Pakistanis are also facing hardships in the renewal of their work permits in KSA. This has further intensified troubles for Pakistanis in seeking jobs, they wrote in the letter.
The government tries to distance from this matter terming it an issue between the employees and the employer, said Murad Saeed. They further said that the Indian government has furnished Labor Protection Agreement with the Saudi government. Unfortunately, Murad Saeed lamented, Pakistani government turned a deaf ear to these problems, and more heart wrenching was the government's reluctance to provide legal assistance to those stranded Pakistanis.
Criticizing the government, Murad Saeed stated that despite raising the matter time and again in the parliament, government turned a blind eye to the matter and more appalling is the fact that the foreign office doesn't even know the exact figure of Pakistanis in Saudi Arabia.
Murad Saeed said that the Saudi authorities have placed a large number of Pakistanis against several allegations in ‘most wanted list' as per their Exit Control System. These Pakistanis, they went on to add, are unable to return to their homeland.
They maintained that Supreme Court is entrusted with the authority to interfere if the government fails to deliver its delegated tasks under Article 184/3 of the constitution. Therefore, they said, ‘PTI pleads to the CJP to take notice of the matter, thereby considering the letter as a constitutional petition and direct the government and concerned institutions to submit the details of the measures taken in this regard'.—NNI
SHARIFF AGUAK, Maguindanao: Peace has come to a corner of Sultan Kudarat in Maguindanao and the orphans of war sheltered in a home in Barangay Gang here have reason to hope.
The Army's 6th Infantry (Kampilan) Division based in Camp Siongco, Datu Odin Sinsuat here led by Brigadier General Arnel dela Vega; 6th ID Multi-Sectoral Advisory Board; Golden Institute Philippines (GIP) and the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) launched recently the Peace and Development Program for orphans of war.
Dubbed as Project “Kagkapia” (Hope), it has the support of Gov. Mujiv Hataman through the ARMM's Humanitarian Emergency Action Response Team (HEART), and GIP's Susana Anayatin. It aims to extend psychological intervention to orphans of Markaz-ul Aytam Orphanage Center in Barangay Gang, Sultan Kudarat.
The orphanage, which Ustadz Hasan Maloon administers, relies solely on voluntary contributions from benevolent sources.
Capt. Arvin Encinas, 6th ID Public Affairs Office chief, said Project Kagkapia has benefited 280 children who are orphans of war as a result of to the conflict in the region.
Most of these children, with ages ranging from 8 to 22, came from conflict-affected areas in the five provinces of ARMM – Maguindanao, Lanao Sur, Basilan, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi.
Encinas said the peace and development project includes the distribution of sports equipment, slippers, hygiene and sanitary kits, food supplies and provisions for the feeding program.
Under Project Hope, the orphanage will undergo repair and renovation by the 6th Civil-Military Operations Battalion with Hataman providing construction materials that will greatly improve the orphans' living conditions.
”Project Kagkapia (Hope) aims to make the orphans feel that the government and other sectors of the society care for them and want them to have high hopes for the future,”” Encinas said.
The convergence of efforts for Project Hope among various stakeholders is also in line with the Armed Forces of the Philippines goal of working actively to help achieve lasting peace in the region.
”Orphans of war, if not properly taken care of, can be potential recruits by bad elements or even terrorists/extremists. Hence, Project Kagkapia is the 6ID's tool to insulate the children from such bad influence,” Dela Vega said.
With nary a place left to sit last Wednesday evening the TBL Community Centre was brimming full of passionately concerned citizens who came to learn about the town's tourism plan for the next three years. Amidst a certain amount of skepticism and despite the absence of a budget for the detailed proposal, the steering committee of the “Coeur villageois” plan received much enthusiasm, support and suggestion.
See the story in the April 18 issue of Brome County News.
Share this article:
0 votes
Alexa Bliss defeated Nia Jax, Sasha Banks and Mickie James on tonight's WWE RAW to become the new #1 contender to RAW Women's Champion Bayley. That match will take place at Payback later this month.
Tonight's RAW also saw GM Kurt Angle announce Roman Reigns vs. Braun Strowman for Payback.
Coming out of tonight's RAW, below is the updated card for the April 30th Payback pay-per-view from the SAP Center in San Jose, California:
House of Horrors Match for the WWE Title
Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton
RAW Women's Title Match
Alexa Bliss vs. Bayley
WWE United States Title Match
Chris Jericho vs. Kevin Owens
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Austin Aries vs. Neville
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Cesaro and Sheamus vs. The Hardys
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe
Roman Reigns vs. Braun Strowman
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
The ban will mean hunters will no longer be able to keep the head, paws or hide of a grizzly, but regulations on how to enforce that are still being developed. ( Alex P. Taylor / HO Parks Canada/THE CANADIAN PRESS )
VICTORIA—Killing grizzly bears for trophy will come to an end in British Columbia, but not before hunters get one more shot this season. Natural Resource Operations Minister Doug Donaldson said the province is moving to ban trophy hunting for grizzly bears and will completely ban the hunt of grizzlies in the Great Bear Rainforest as of Nov. 30. But the current season that begins in some parts of the province this week is set to go ahead, Donaldson said, because hunting permits were already issued months ago. “The main factor was the long delay when we had a placeholder government for four months. During that time, the limited entry hunting tags were issued in June,” Donaldson said, adding guide outfitters were also issued permits last December. Read more: Governments should do more to protect B.C. grizzlies, ban trophy hunt: report
Article Continued Below
First Nations and other groups will be consulted about ending the trophy hunt before the bans take effect to determine what regulations are needed to enforce the rule and how to mitigate any economic impacts. “We recognize that there will be some loss of revenue in small communities from many aspects,” they said, adding wildlife watching is an industry that could see potential growth. The purpose of the ban isn't because the number of killings is unsustainable for the grizzly population, but largely in response to public opinion, Donaldson said.
“People in the province have come to their understanding, their point of view that the trophy hunting of grizzly bears is not a socially acceptable practice in B.C. in 2017,” Donaldson said. The ban also fits into a renewed wildlife management strategy for the province and fulfils an election promise made by the NDP, they said. The ban will mean hunters will no longer be able to keep the head, paws or hide of a grizzly, but regulations on how to enforce that are still being developed. The government said there are an estimated 15,000 grizzlies in B.C. and 250 are killed by hunters every year. Of those, and average of 170 are killed by resident hunters while 80 are taken by non-residents. But Donaldson said it's unclear how many are killed specifically for trophy because that data hasn't been tracked and it will take a year or two for the province to determine that figure. Wildlife advocates are applauding the ban, saying hunting and habitat loss are the two biggest threats to the species. Joe Foy of the Wilderness Committee said 4,000 grizzlies have been killed since the previous Liberal government reinstated the trophy hunt 16 years ago. “Premier (John) Horgan is to be commended for ending this cruel and barbaric blood sport for good,” Foy said in a statement. B.C. Green party Leader Andrew Weaver said while the ban is encouraging, it doesn't fully end the hunt which environmental groups had wanted Weaver said in a statement that the new ban is also viewed as wasteful by the resident hunting community because the hair, head and hide of the grizzlies can no longer be used. “I'm not sure how this will appease the concerns of anyone. It appears to me that the NDP was trying to play to environmental voters in the election campaign without thinking through their policies,” Weaver said. They said the government should take a more science-based approach to species management and they are calling for the introduction of endangered species legislation, which the province currently lacks.
Read more about:
Photo: Jay Blakesberg
By Annie Reuter
Bob Weir and Phil Lesh have been sharing the stage together for over 40 years and now the two members of the Grateful Dead will embark on a tour as a duo.
Related: Kurt Cobain, Jerry Garcia, Elton John Immortalized by Funko
On Monday (Dec. 11), the two founding members of the Grateful Dead revealed they will perform back to back sets together of acoustic and electric versions of Dead classics. The brief tour will launch March 2 in New York and run through March 11 in Chicago.
“I guess it was last summer, Phil and I played a little duo show….we had enough fun so we figured hey let's do this, let's make a little go of this,” Weir said in a press release.
“Playing with Bob always brings me great joy,” added Lesh. “The intuitive playing that we have developed over five decades of creating music together always leads to new realms of musical experience, something that I find especially exciting, and I think that fans of our music will enjoy this new format as much as I do.”
Fans can sign up for the Ticketmaster verified fan presale starting December 11 at 7 a.m. EST at bobbyandphilduotour.tmverifiedfan.com. Tickets go on sale to the public on December 15 at 10 a.m. local time via Ticketmaster.
See the full run of date below.
3/2 – New York, NY @ Radio City Music Hall
3/3 – New York, NY @ Radio City Music Hall
3/7 – Boston, MA @ Wang Theatre
3/8 – Boston, MA @ Wang Theatre
3/10 – Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
3/11 – Chicago, IL @ Chicago Theatre
DETROIT (AP) -- The Detroit Pistons are set to play their first game at Little Caesars Arena on Oct. 18 against the Charlotte Hornets. The Pistons released their 2017-18 schedule on Monday, and they'll begin their season with the game against the Hornets.
The Pistons are moving to the downtown arena after nearly three decades in suburban Auburn Hills.
The Detroit Red Wings will also play at the new arena. They will open their season at home Oct. 5 against Minnesota.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.
The Eastern Cape government is under fire for allegedly approving the payment of more than R170-million on broadband services in a deal that was not authorised by the National Treasury.
The province wants to connect its departments with fast internet to improve service delivery. More than 7‚100 sites had to be connected‚ the Daily Dispatch reported on Monday.
The plan was to piggyback on a 10-year multi-billion rand broadband tender between the Western Cape government and a Gauteng-based company.
Eastern Cape director-general Marion-Mbina Mthembu allegedly approved the payment on December 6 of R171-million to the company. This was despite a request for approval being turned down in a letter by Willie Mathebula‚ acting chief procurement officer at National Treasury.
Democratic Alliance MPL Bobby Stevenson on Monday called on the provincial treasury to “conduct a forensic investigation” into the Office of the Premier.
“I call on the MEC for Finance and Provincial Expenditure‚ Sakhumzi Somyo‚ to publicly state whether or not the payment of R171-million … was made or not. The contract for broadband rollout could potentially run into over R1-billion‚” they said in a statement.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 4:44 pm |
The United States was thwarted in a move to have the U.N. Security Council condemn the latest round of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel, as Kuwait exercised its veto on behalf of Arab countries as a non-permanent member, The Times of Israel reported on Wednesday.
However, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley had their say on the matter during a special session on Wednesday that had been called by the U.S
“Who among us would accept 70 rockets launched into your country?” they asked the Security Council. “We all know the answer to that. No one would.”
Responding to Kuwait's proposal for measures to protect Palestinians in Gaza from Israel, Haley berated council members for being “disconnected” from the realities on the ground. “The people of Gaza do not need protection from an external force. The people of Gaza need protection from Hamas.”
“It is outrageous for the Security Council to fail to condemn Hamas rockets attacks against Israeli civilians,” Haley said. “You would think no one would want to side with Hamas over its rocket launches. But the statement was blocked.”
“Apparently some council members didn't think Hamas launching rockets qualified as terrorism,” they continued, but “the United States begs to differ.”
Israel's Ambassador Danny Danon denounced the proposal by Kuwait for protection for the Palestinians of Gaza as a “cynical” and “shameful” ploy.
The U.S.-drafted resolution had been circulated among council members prior to a special session requested by the U.S. to discuss the Gaza crisis.
In an email to the U.S. mission seen by AFP, Kuwait said: “We cannot agree to the text put forth by your delegation, especially as we are considering a draft resolution that deals with the protection of civilians in the occupied Palestinian territories and the Gaza Strip.”
The blocking move by Kuwait came after the U.S. blocked two other draft statements expressing concern about the violence in Gaza.
The Kuwait-drafted proposal calling for “the consideration of measures to guarantee the safety and protection of the Palestinian civilian population” that will be up for a vote later this week, is expected to fall to a veto by the U.S., according to the AFP.
Meanwhile, Germany on Wednesday joined in condemning the Gaza rocket attacks.
“Germany unequivocally condemns the escalation of violence. There is no justification, under any circumstances, for the continuation of the massive mortar attack on Israel from Gaza,” Berlin's embassy in Israel said in a statement.
“Especially malicious was the firing of a large portion of the rockets at Israeli cities and communities exactly during the hours of heavy traffic when people go to work,” the statement continued. “As a result of that barrage, a kindergarten was hit, among others. We wish the wounded a speedy recovery.”
“It is Israel's right to [preserve] its security, defend its borders and respond proportionately to attacks.”
Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 11:09 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 46812 Filename: 1702/DOD_104079249.mp3 Length: 00:07:46 Composer Comms Cell Year 2017 Location: U.S. ARMY PENTAGON, DC, US
Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, My Mike Minute, by Destiny Ridguard, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
UNITED NATIONS, June 15 (APP): Voicing alarm over the possible
impact on the rights of people in the wake of decision by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Egypt and Bahrain to cut diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar, the top United Nations human rights official called on all States involved to urgently resolve the dispute.
It is becoming clear that the measures being adopted are overly broad in
scope and implementation, and have the potential to seriously disrupt the lives of thousands of women, children and men, simply because they belong to one of the nationalities involved in the dispute, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, said in a statement issued by their Office (OHCHR).
“I urge all States involved to solve this dispute as quickly as possible
through dialogue, to refrain from any actions that could affect the well-being, health, employment and integrity of their inhabitants, and to respect their obligations under international human rights law.”
The High Commissioner noted that Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain have
issued directives to address the humanitarian needs of families with joint nationalities, but added that such measures appear not to be sufficiently effective to address all cases.
They added that OHCHR has been receiving reports that specific individuals
have already been summarily instructed to leave the country they are residing in, or have been ordered to return home by their own Government.
“Among those likely to be badly affected are couples in mixed
marriages, and their children; people with jobs or businesses based in States other than that of their nationality; and students studying in another country,” they pointed out.
They also expressed concern over reports that that the UAE and Bahrain are
threatening to jail and fine people who express sympathy for Qatar or opposition to actions of their own governments, noting that such actions “would appear to be a clear violation of the right to freedom of expression or opinion.”
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
Unpaid tax by Korean tax defaulters amounted to 11.3 trillion won ($10.4 billion) in 2017, the National Tax Service revealed on Monday.The tax agency annually discloses names of those whose unpaid tax money exceeds 300 million won. This year, there were about 4,700 more names on the list compared to 2016 because the standard for disclosure was lowered to 200 million won.Some 21,000 entities failed or delayed paying their taxes amounting over 200 million won in 2017 without giving specific reasons. Of the disclosed, 15,000 were individuals and 6,300 were companies.The the most well-known person on the list is Yoo Ji-yang, the former chairperson of Hyoja Engineering and Construction. Yoo failed to pay 44.7 billion won of inheritance tax.Also in the list was Kim Woo-choong, former chairperson of the defunct Daewoo Group, who did not pay their transfer income tax of about 36.9 billion won.Yoo Sang-na, Yoo Hyuk-gi and Yoo Some-na, the heirs of the late Yoo Byeong-eun, formerly the de facto owner of the Sewol ferry operator, were also accused of not paying 11.5 billion won of gift tax.Celebrities Goo Chang-mo and Kim Hye-sun are also embroiled in tax delinquency to the tune of hundreds of millions of won each.While some superrich go as far as having fake divorces to hide their total assets, and keep their luxury art possessions under disguised ownerships in order to dodge taxes, the NTS has banned more than 9,000 persons from leaving the country up to October to rein in tax-related irregularities.In that time, through a task force that traces the fortunes of those of who frequently fail to pay taxes, the tax service managed to collect about 1.57 trillion won. The NTS also filed lawsuits against 306 entities so far this year, while referring an additional 193 to prosecutors.Those with knowledge of where these tax dodgers keep their assets are urged to report it to the national tax service for a reward of up to 2 billion won.By Lim Jeong-yeo (kaylalim@heraldcorp.com)
"We are proud of investing in this new fleet to make travel more accessible and efficient for all Canadians, support economic growth and job creation and promote a sustainable environment for generations to come," they said in a news release.
About 94 per cent of the nearly four million passengers Via Rail carries annually travel on the Quebec City to Windsor corridor.
Via Rail declined to put an estimate on the required funding to replace its fleet but published reports have pegged the amount at up to $1.5 billion.
The trains promise to reduce environmental emissions with more fuel-efficient engines, enhance accessibility for visually, hearing and physically impaired passengers and improve on-time performance from reduced mechanical breakdowns.
The diesel engines will be able to operate on electricity as the infrastructure becomes available.
Via Rail president Yves Desjardins-Siciliano said the funding will improve service by ensuring uninterrupted access along the busy rail corridor.
"A new modern fleet will provide our travellers with safer, faster, more frequent, more accessible and environmentally friendlier service," they said.
Some of the old railway cars will be modernized and deployed on transcontinental and regional routes, while others would be sold or recycled, said Belanger.
Ottawa also earmarked $8 million for Transport Canada to conduct economic analysis on a proposed high-frequency rail project between Quebec City and Toronto that would operate on dedicated tracks.
Federal funding would also be used to explore the potential role for the Canada Infrastructure Bank in the project.
Via Rail was created by the federal government in 1977 to take over intercity passenger service provided by Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway.
The company has struggled in the past after being forced to cut staffing and reduce service when its operating funding was slashed in half in 1990.
A decade later, the government provided $402 million five years to purchase new cars.
Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:CNR, TSX:CP, TSX:BBD.B)
By Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
A 51-year-old whose appalling behaviour has caused misery to people and businesses in Harrogate has been banned from drinking in the street for five years.
Paul Nelson, 51, who has dozens of previous convictions, was handed the Criminal Behaviour Order after their latest conviction before the town's magistrates for begging and public order offences.
Posters are going up around the town so members of the public know the terms of the order, which say they must not be drunk in a public place, be in possession of alcohol or cause upset to people. Suspected breaches should be reported to police on 101.
If Nelson breaks the order - which is in force until May 2022 - they could face a jail term.
PC Graham Wilson, of Harrogate Police, said: “Harrogate is a thriving town with a vibrant atmosphere and very low levels of crime. Although there will always be an element of crime and anti-social behaviour in any busy town centre, unfortunately Nelson's dreadful behaviour has been a public nuisance for many years.
“I hope this order sends a strong message that we will not tolerate this kind of behaviour, and continue to work closely with our partners to take robust action against those who persistently cause a misery to those who visit, work or live in Harrogate.”
Coun Mike Chambers is Harrogate Borough Council's Cabinet Member for Safer Communities. They said: “Harrogate Borough Council and the police are working hard to tackle anti-social behaviour in our district. It is important that residents, visitors and businesses feel safe and a Criminal Behaviour Order is an effective means of addressing this issue, giving the clear message to offenders that their actions will not be tolerated.”
You're watching a movie. A criminal is trying to evade a crime scene in a sports car on the highway. A helicopter is following the car from above. The car enters a tunnel with multiple exits and the helicopter loses track of the car.
A VPN works just like the tunnel in this movie scene — it connects different roads and turns them into one, and a helicopter can't see what's happening inside the tunnel.
I'm sure many people around you have recommended you a VPN service. They usually tell you that a VPN is great, it lets you watch geo-blocked content, avoid the Great Firewall of China or browse the internet securely. VPNs are great, sometimes. But using a VPN can be as dangerous as not using one if you don't know what you're doing.
What the hell is a VPN?
If you have multiple computers, phones and tablets at home, you are using a local area network. These devices are all connected to the same Wi-Fi network and you can even transfer photos or movies from one computer to another without using the internet. Local area networks are private networks by design.
A VPN is a virtual private network. It lets you remotely connect to a private network. For instance, your office might be using a VPN for remote employees. This way, you can establish a connection with your company's intranet and use your computer as if it were in the office. You're virtually in the office, using your company's Wi-Fi network.
Using a VPN is quite simple. Usually, a company or a developer installs a VPN server on a computer at home, in your office or in a data center. Then, users with the right credentials can connect to this server using a VPN client. There are many VPN clients out there on computers, mobile devices and even routers. Windows, Android, iOS and macOS even come with a basic VPN client in your device's settings.
Let's say you're establishing a VPN connection on your computer. Your computer and the VPN server will start a point-to-point connection and all your network traffic will go through this connection. Think about this connection as a tunnel between your computer and a server. This tunnel is usually encrypted, and everything goes through the tunnel, from one end to another.
Why should I use a VPN?
Many of you probably first started using a VPN for work, especially when you're working from home. There are a few advantages in using a VPN for a company. For example, it lets employees access office servers that aren't connected to the internet, as you're all connected to the same private network. Back in the days before cloud-hosted Office 365 servers or the G Suite, many companies were managing their own email and calendar servers. IT services could force you to connect to the company's VPN first to access your emails and calendar events. It's a good way to protect sensitive information.
But there are a few drawbacks as well. When you use a VPN connection, all network traffic goes through the VPN, including your internet traffic. Your company's IT service could enforce strict browsing rules and prevent you from using Twitter. Or they could even watch and record your internet browsing habits to find a good excuse to fire you later down the road (too much Reddit, kthxbye).
But office environments aren't the only use case for a VPN. If you live outside of the U.S., you know that a VPN can save the day when you're trying to stream something from HBO Now, Netflix's U.S. movie library, Hulu or one of the many streaming services that restrict you from using them abroad.
Many companies provide access to a bunch of servers around the world so that you can pretend you're in another country. As I told you, once you set up a VPN connection, all network traffic goes through a tunnel and HBO's servers will think that they're sending data to a customer in the U.S. They're sending data to an American IP address indeed (the address of the server), but everything is then sent through the VPN tunnel to your device on the other side of the world.
Sometimes, the VPN server doesn't have enough bandwidth to upload the movie through the tunnel in a good resolution and your movie will look like crap. Sometimes, content companies like Netflix try to ban IP addresses that belong to well-known VPN servers, rendering this trick useless.
And finally, if you've traveled to China or another country that blocks many internet services, you've been relying on a VPN to connect to Gmail, Facebook or Twitter. China blocks websites at the network level. You need to connect to a VPN server outside of China to access those websites. Just like Netflix, the Chinese government tries to ban IP addresses of popular VPN services, making it more difficult to establish a reliable connection with a server outside of China.
Should I use a VPN to be secure on the internet?
Many coffee shops or hotels don't spend too much time securing their Wi-Fi networks. Just like at home, it means that a user can see another user's computer on the local network. And if there's a hacker in your favorite coffee shop, they could snoop on your internet traffic to learn some information about you.
This was a serious issue a few years ago. Many websites didn't use a secure connection on their login page. Hackers could get your bank account's login and password and steal all your money.
Not using the Wi-Fi network at all was the best way to avoid that. But if you really needed to checked your email account, you could use a trustworthy VPN server to prevent snooping — nobody can see what's happening in the tunnel.
Things have changed quite a lot. Now, a vast majority of internet services have switched to HTTPS and end-to-end encryption to make sure that nobody can see your private information, even without a VPN.
All of this leads me to today's false assumptions about VPNs. No, a VPN doesn't mean that you'll be more secure on the internet. It depends on the VPN server.
When you use a VPN to change your country, avoid censorship or protect your connection in a coffee shop, the VPN server at the other end can see all your network traffic. You're just moving the risk down the VPN tunnel, and it can be quite dangerous if you're not careful enough.
Assume that all the free VPN apps that you see in the App Store and Google Play are free for a reason. They'll analyze your browsing habits, sell them to advertisers, inject their own ads on non-secure pages or steal your identity. You should avoid free VPNs at all costs.
When it comes to paid options, some of them promise you internet privacy for $5, $10 or $20 per month. But look at the privacy policy and terms of service first. I've seen plenty of VPNs that log your internet traffic, share information with law enforcement and more. Read the small print.
And even if the privacy policy looks good, you'll have to blindly trust them as it's hard to verify that they actually do what they promise they're doing. In many cases, a secure home connection with a MAC address whitelist is better than connecting to some random company's VPN server. You don't want to give a stranger your home keys even if they say that they promise they won't break into your house.
As for encryption, some protocols aren't as secure as you might think. L2TP with a pre-shared key for authentication can be decrypted for instance, destroying the concept of the unbreachable tunnel. A secure server running OpenVPN with a server certificate is more robust.
All of this might sound a bit complicated, but the bottom line is quite simple: a VPN is great and can fill different needs, but don't do business with someone shady.
Featured Image: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
11 facts you didn't know about Gareth Bale
From celebrations to tattoos, here is a list of things you definitely did not about the talented Welshman.
by Akshay Pai Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 16:06 IST
Bale has trademarked their iconic ‘heart hand' celebration
Gareth Bale's stock has been on the rise ever since they made their debut for Southampton as a left-back, with a reputation for taking fierce free-kicks. Their subsequent move to Tottenham, and transformation from a much-maligned player to one of the world's best wingers, that saw them become the most expensive transfer ever at the time, has been very well documented.
At the Santiago Bernabeu, they went from strength to strength, helping the Los Blancos to two Champions League titles in three years. While a player of their calibre makes headlines more often than not, there are quite a few facts about the Welsh wizard that have flown under the radar.
Also read: Five reasons why Gareth Bale can never replace Cristiano Ronaldo
Here are 11 facts about the Welshman that you probably did not know.
#11 The reason behind their iconic ‘heart hand' celebration
Bale's meteoric rise to the top of the footballing landscape was accompanied by plenty of goals and of course, the celebration that came along with it – the heart shape they make with their hand.
While the celebration itself is quite popular, the reason behind it is truly heartwarming. It was first incorporated into their celebration as a gesture towards their childhood sweetheart, Emma Rhys-Jones, to whom they are now engaged and has two daughters with.
In March 2013, Bale filed an application with the Intellectual Property office to register a logo based on their heart-shaped goal celebration along with their squad number (eleven). They now stand to earn £3 million a year from these alone; quite a tidy sum from something that was initially meant to be just a romantic gesture.
SEDGWICK COUNTY – A small crowd attended a rally at the Old Wichita Courthouse Sunday evening in Solidarity with those injured or killed in the Charlottesville protests.
The Peace and Social Justice Center of South Central Kansas invitation indicated the rally was an effort to stand up to racism, fascism and hate and to support equality and human rights.
Former Kansas democrat congressional candidate James Thompson and Larry Burks, president of the Wichita chapter of the NAACP addressed the crowd. Groups also held rallies in Topeka, Pittsburg and Kansas City according to a social media report.
Protesters decrying hatred and racism say they felt compelled to gather and counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The gatherings Sunday spanned from anti-fascist protests in San Francisco to a march to President Donald Trump's home in New York.
In Seattle, police arrested three men as Trump supporters and counter-protesters converged downtown.
In Denver, several hundred demonstrators gathered beneath a statue of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in City Park and marched about 2 miles (3.22 kilometers) to the state Capitol.
In New York, protesters marched from several locations in Manhattan to Trump Tower, demanding the president denounce white nationalist groups.
A crowd gathered for a vigil in Charlottesville, Virginia, on the street where a day earlier a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing one.
– The AP contributed to this report
If I had to guess what the one relationship question that's asked more often than any other is, my money would be on this classic query: "What's the secret to a happy marriage?" As much as we all want to believe that there's one easy, foolproof way to ensure marital bliss, the reality is that forever is an awfully long time to spend with someone, and life's ups and downs will make certain that marriage isn't always an easy ride (no matter how much you love each other).
But when can married couples expect to experience the *most* marital bliss, generally speaking? While you might assume that the honeymoon phase would be the most idyllic part of any marriage, a new study has found that newlyweds might actually have to wait a while for their happiest married days to come.
For the study, researchers from Pennsylvania State University and Brigham Young University analyzed the marriages of 2,034 couples (with an average age of 35-37) and how their marital satisfaction changed over the years. Somewhat surprisingly, they found that married couples were actually happiest not at the very beginning of their marriage, but when they reached the 20-year (!!) mark in their relationship. Not only did they spend more time doing activities together than younger couples, but they also had a "deeper sense of appreciation" for one another, the study found.
"As our values change and deepen, we are often able to let go of some of the petty things that had us bogged down when we were younger."
"After 20 years of marriage, we've seen friends divorce, parents pass away, people get sick... I think a couple starts to have a real sense of what's important in life," relationship therapist Aimee Hartstein, LCSW, tells Bustle. "If the couple is solid to begin with, they can really grow to appreciate and value one another as they witness some of life's hardships. As our values change and deepen, we are often able to let go of some of the petty things that had us bogged down when we were younger."
The more experiences — both good and bad — that you successfully navigate through with someone over the years, the stronger and happier your marriage can become. That's not to mention that, over the course of two decades, you also have tons of time to hone your communication skills and learn how to work through issues with your spouse — as well as let go of some of the problems that might have plagued your marriage early on.
"By the time a couple is married that long, they have obviously decided not to divorce during the early years of their marriage," Hartstein says. "Also, by the time a couple hits 20 years, they have hopefully worked through some of their big areas of contention. All couples fight, and often have the same fights over and over! By the time 20 years has passed, many of those fights have lost their intense edge. We may still be annoyed at our partner for A, B, C — and even still argue about it — but we are generally not as easily triggered or enraged."
Essentially, couples who've been married for a longer time amount of time have an advantage when it comes to being happier, simply because they've had more time: time to move past their early relationship issues, and time to figure out how to grow together during conflict, rather than growing apart.
However, none of this is to say that newlyweds or younger married couples can't be equally happy *before* they reach that 20-year mark. Because at the end of the day, the secret to a happy marriage at any stage in life is simple: make an active effort to be a good partner, communicate, and never stop working on keeping your connection and your marriage strong.
A 1,000-pound bomb that failed to explode during World War II was recovered recently in a busy Hong Kong neighborhood. This happens to be the second bomb discovered in the area in this week.
Millions of explosives remain buried under the ground, dropped from airplanes, cannonballs or fired artillery. The existence of these bombs is probably the link between the gory human past and present.
The bomb found in Hong Kong is a US-made AN-M65, standing witness to the Allied bombing campaigns against Japan during the war. The bomb, however, did not explode.
When an aircraft releases the bomb, the fan on its tail and nose spins in the air and turns the bomb until the fuse is primed, thus releasing a small charge that sets off the main charge of the explosive. This, however, did not happen in case of the recent bomb discovered. Workers worked overnight to remove the bomb safely in a "dirty, difficult and dangerous condition," reports BBC.
Brian Castner, a former Air Force officer and also the author of "The Long Walk" and "All the Ways We Kill and Die" said that leftover explosives post the great wars are a huge problem and the only way to solve the issue is "one by one, bomb by bomb." They further stated that discovering bombs is a common issue across Europe, Asia and the United States, where explosive shells were widely used, particularly during the Civil War.
A cordon was formed in Hong Kong to help technicians work on such bombs buried in the ground.
Older bombs such as this one are more dangerous as they tend to grow unstable with constant changes in chemical process and degradation of the fuse thus making the volatile explosives in the bomb more sensitive. Keeping this in mind, the method of controlled detonation has been formed. It blows up such bombs with another explosive such as C-4. This is the best way to dispose of old bombs.
The bomb in Hong Kong was defused by burning out the explosives using a blow torch after piercing it. The process took 24 hours. Bomb-clearing organization Mines Advisory Group estimates that the remnants of the bombs kill or injure at least 18 people a day, most of them being children playing in old battlefields in countries such as Vietnam and Colombia.
Laos is considered the most heavily bombed country in history per capita. US dropped at least two million tons of artillery there for nine years till 1973. According to Legacies of War, an advocacy group, it is equal to a full payload dropped every eight minutes, 24 hours a day.
The Vietnamese government and US groups have decided to remove the buried bomb clusters that have killed 40,000 people. A Vietnamese official said that it would take 300 years to remove all the bombs.
The bomb found in Hong Kong was similar to another bomb discovered early this week. In 2014, a 2,000-pound bomb was disposed off near Happy Valley district and in 2010, three German bomb technicians were killed while defusing a World War II bomb. World War II era bombs have washed ashore such as those found off North Carolina's coast.
In 2008, an American artifact collector was killed while restoring a cannonball used during the Civil War. As per estimates, as many as one in five were duds and some still remain buried in the ground, making it unsafe for the future underground construction projects in Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Kimberly Ellis, who supported Clinton in 2016, is one of many Democrats sledding in the narrative groove laid down by Sanders's 2016 campaign. The senator from Vermont is a problem for Democrats not because they are a lefty, but because they are a serial sower of fantasy and discord. An intra-party fight over single-payer health care, which some Sanders acolytes are determined to wage, is a horrible misallocation of Democratic capital when democracy and decency are under assault from the White House and Obamacare is still at risk from both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Staff Reporter
Punjab Minister for Specialized Healthcare & Medical Education Kh. Salman Rafiq has directed all the departments concerned to start working on next year's dengue control strategy and plan.
They said that stock take be done regarding availability of medicines, spray pumps and other equipment as well as requirements of financial and human resources so that in time actions could be taken.
The Minister lauded the efforts of all the concerned departments and said that consolidated and coordinated efforts and hard working of all the governments departments and institutions had made dengue control a success story in Punjab.
Kh. Salman Rafiq further said that learning lesson of dengue control was that any challenge could be effectively handled with the collective efforts.
They stated this while chairing a meeting of Cabinet Committee on Dengue at Civil Secretariat committee room, here on Monday.
Senior officers of all the concerned departments, MPA Pir Ashraf Rasool, DC Lahore, DG Health Services Dr. Akhtar Rasheed Malik, Prof. Dr. Wasim Akram, Addl. Director General Dengue Control Dr. Farrukh Sultan and other officers attended the meeting.
LAHORE, Apr 24 (APP):Wapda Sports Board will organize a ceremony on Wednesday at Wapda office in honour of its players who won medals in recently concluded Commonwealth Games at Gold Coast Australia.
Cash awards will be presented to Wapda medalists in the ceremony. Lt-Gen (retd) Muzammil Hussain, Chairman Wapda/Patron-in-Chief Wapda Sports Board, will be the chief guest on the occasion.
If, at the last minute, the NFL added a most valuable running back award to its NFL Honors program on Saturday, Todd Gurley would be the runaway favorite.  They are the only running back in the MVP conversation, after all.
They would also be the wrong choice. Because there was another running back who produced much more than Gurley in far fewer opportunities: Alvin Kamara.
Gurley's candidacy for MVRB (this make-believe award already has an acronym and everything) stems from them leading the league in yards from scrimmage (2,093) and in rushing and receiving combined touchdowns (19). Especially when considering that the next highest rushing/receiving touchdown total was 13 (by DeAndre Hopkins and Kamara), why isn't the Rams running back the obvious choice here?
Because we have better tools to measure value than just yards and touchdowns these days. For starters, we'll lean on a team's expected points added (EPA) when the running back in question touches the ball or is targeted. (A primer on EPA can be found here.)
The Saints offense was incredibly efficient when getting or attempting to get Kamara the ball. Among players with at least 100 combined rushes and targets, Kamara not only had the best rate of team EPA/attempted touch (0.32), but they almost doubled up the next most efficient team EPA per attempted touch running back, Washington's Chris Thompson (0.18).
Which is nice and impressive. But we're looking for the most valuable running back, and so this isn't strictly a question of efficiency. Kamara took time to work their way into a major role in the offense and only had 218 attempted touches, compared to 348 from Kareem Hunt and 363 from Todd Gurley. So there couldn't possibly have been a higher team EPA total on their attempted touches, right? Well...
It's not even close.
How did Kamara get there? By being part of plays like their 74-yard touchdown run against the Rams in Week 12, in which they went untouched for 64 yards before casually breaking a tackle to skip into the end zone. And their 33-yard conversion on fourth-and-5 later in that same game, recorded while trying to keep the Saints alive. Or the 33-yard touchdown on a screen pass against the Bucs in Week 9, in which the former University of Tennessee running back appeared destined to hit the ground at the 12-yard line before slipping out of Justin Evans' grasp and scoring.
By the way, the table above doesn't even include Kamara's highest EPA play of the season: a 106-yard kick return in Week 17 against the Bucs.
It's not that Gurley didn't have plays like this, it's just that, in total, those Kamara plays added so much more. One area that Gurley was weak in, though: third-and-1 runs. They converted only six of 14 attempts on such runs (43 percent) when the league average conversion rate on those rushes was almost 73 percent. Those kinds of misses are costly. (Kamara only attempted two such runs and converted one, for what it's worth).
One note to keep in mind: Three passes intended for Gurley were intercepted (compared to zero for Kamara), which is likely just a stroke of bad luck for the Rams running back in this sort of study. Nonetheless, even if we only looked at completions -- rather than targets -- for those two running backs Kamara still leads, and it still isn't remotely close.
Though a rookie surrounded by a lot of weapons, Alvin Kamara brought more value than Gurley. Chris Graythen/Getty Images
You may have noticed a pattern among the five running backs listed above (Thompson probably gave it away): they are all pass-catching backs. And that's not a coincidence, but rather a function of the fact that, in general, passing plays are more productive than running plays. On average, running plays have a negative EPA, so that the Rams added 0.00 expected points on Gurley runs this year isn't really a knock: it's above average.
On one hand, this shows the value of multi-dimensional running backs. On the other, we are talking about the most valuable running back. And it's not their fault that running, on average a sub-optimal part of an offense, is part of the position's job description. So if there was another running back who added more value on the ground than Kamara, that could muddy the waters here. The good news: there isn't. Kamara led all backs in team EPA on running plays only as well. So they swept the running and passing game categories in 2017, which should just about do it.
Almost.
The last type of measurement we'll consider here is win probability added. If we're measuring the value of a running back's plays by the degree to which they swung a game, then WPA is where we ought to look. Personally, I don't think either EPA or WPA ought to be a catch-all for MVP. EPA doesn't include enough context (like garbage time) but WPA relies on situations far too heavily. The truth is in between.
Regardless, WPA is Gurley's best case for this pretend award. Gurley (cumulative win probability added of 1.93) trails Kamara (1.95) here too, but only just. But maybe, if there's wiggle room somewhere, Gurley could pull ahead.
And of course there's wiggle room. Because the dark cloud over this entire analysis is that we're not measuring each player's contribution. We're measuring the team's productivity on plays when the running back had an attempted touch. Even when Kamara does run or catch the ball, there are 10 other players on their team working for that same EPA result.
For quarterbacks, we're further along. We've divided credit -- a key component of Total QBR. (Quick aside: Tom Brady, Carson Wentz and eight other quarterbacks produced more EPA this season themselves, including a down-weighting for garbage time, than the Saints did on Kamara's touches. So no running back this year should be in the MVP conversation.) But we're not there yet for running backs. We don't have a way to separate the runners' contribution from theirs blockers.
Which is certainly a bummer until we remember that all the traditional statistics that we use also fail to divide credit as well. No one's apportioning a percentage of Gurley's yards to Andrew Whitworth or any of Kamara's touchdowns to the threat of Michael Thomas.
If the EPA race were closer, we'd have to consider all of that gray area, and this would be a much more difficult (imaginary) honor to vote for. But it's not all that close. Even with the razor thin margin in the WPA race, the rookie so handily blew away their competition in terms of sheer production that it's safe to assume that after dividing credit the result would be the same: Kamara was 2017's most valuable running back.
Brian Burke and Hank Gargiulo contributed to this story.
For more from ESPN Analytics, visit the ESPN Analytics Index.
Paris
French President Emmanuel Macron says despite Britain's decision to leave the European Union (EU), the UK can still change its mind and remain a member of the bloc.
After talks with British Prime Minister Theresa May in Paris on Wednesday, Macron said the door for Britain to remain a member of the EU would remain open “until the Brexit negotiations come to an end.”
“From a European point of view, as long as the negotiations are not over, there is still a possibility to change the course of events,” Macron said, but warned that “as the negotiations go on, it will be more and more difficult to go backwards.”
Macron also wished the Brexit talks could start as soon as possible. The United Kingdom last year held a referendum in which Britons voted by a 52-48 percent margin to leave the EU, the first member state ever to do so.
The procedure for the separation, laid out in Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, has not yet started, but May vowed once again in Paris to start the withdrawal talks with Brussels as scheduled next week. “I confirmed to President Macron that the timetable for the Brexit negotiation remains on course and will begin next week,” they said.
Article 50 allows for two years of talks to decide an EU member state's separation terms.
Reports, however, said the British delegation in Brussels failed on Monday to reach an agreement with Michael Barnier, the European Commission's chief negotiator, on a start date for talks.
May, who had called for a snap election in the hopes of getting an increased majority that could have strengthened their position before going into the negotiations, is currently under pressure to resign over their Conservative Party's failure in that election, which was held last week.—Agencies
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's a feel of the FA Cup about the Europa League last-32, as an underdog English manager gets their time in the spotlight at the Emirates.
Arsenal have been pitted against Swedish minnows Ostersunds, who are led by former York defender Graham Potter.
The 42-year-old, who made one appearance for England Under-21s in 1996, took over Ostersunds in 2011 and has not looked back since.
Potter has overseen a remarkable rise, taking the Jamtland region side all the way from the fourth tier to European football - and they don't want to stop at the Europa League.
Here is all you need to know about Arsenal's next Europa League opponents...
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Ombrello)
Ostersunds profiled
Full name: Ostersunds Fotbollsklubb
Founded: October 1996 - after Arsene Wenger was appointed Arsenal manager!
Ground: Jamkraft Arena, Ostersund
Capacity: 8,466
Chairman: Daniel Kindberg
League: Allsvenskan
2017 finishing position: 5th
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Who is Graham Potter?
Potter's playing career was nothing on note.
In England, they represented 11 different teams in the Football League, including Birmingham, Stoke, Southampton and West Brom.
They appeared for Southampton in the infamous 6-3 win over Manchester United in 1996, coming off the bench and replacing Simon Charlton.
But it was at York City where they were most renowned, making 131 appearances in all competitions at full-back.
Their spell at Ostersunds is their first foray into club management and they have gone from strength-to-strength, earning three promotions on their way to European football and domestic cup success.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
With three wins out of six, only three English managers have more Europa League victories (excluding qualifiers) than Potter: Roy Hodgson (10 out of 21), Steve McClaren (six out of 18) and Alan Pardew (four out of 12).
They have become known locally for their unorthodox managerial techniques, which include making players take part in drama productions. The team performed Swan Lake in a local theatre in late 2015.
How did Potter end up as Ostersunds?
Potter signed a three-year contract as Ostersunds manager back in December 2010, becoming the club's third English manager after Neil McDonald and Lee Makel.
While studying a degree in leadership and emotional intelligence, Potter was put in touch with the club by former team-mate Graeme Jones (who has recently worked with Everton).
Speaking to the Daily Mail in 2016, Potter recalled their appointment: "When I consider giving up my job, my wife's business and our family, it was bordering on insanity I guess!
"But it was also believing in the project. To make it all happen has made me very proud."
(Image: REUTERS)
Do they have any English players?
Curtis Edwards, who only last year returned to English 10th-tier side Thornaby for a third spell, is one of two English players in Ostersunds' current set-up.
The 23-year-old has also represented Darlington and Spennymoor Town since 2013 - but will now step out at the Emirates in European competition.
Jamie Hopcutt, who has previously represented York, Whitby Town, Stokesley, Ossett Town and Tadcaster Albion, has been playing with Ostersunds in Sweden since 2012.
 They are still only 25 years old.
(Image: Evening Gazette)
(Image: AFP)
What are the clubs ambitions?
Ostersunds are determined to reach the Champions League group stages, just as their compatriots Malmo did two seasons ago.
Speaking of the club's ambitions, Potter said: "My chairperson (Daniel Kindberg) is an ambitious guy. They want to win the Allsvenskan and then get into the Champions League. That's the end goal.
"Six years ago when we were in the fourth tier of Swedish football that sounded like they needed to go to some institution.
"It's still the aim. That's what we want to try to do and work towards."
(Image: REUTERS)
When are the Europa League ties being played?
Arsenal will visit Ostersunds on Thursday February 15, with the kick-off time yet to be decided.
The return leg at the Emirates will be one week later on February 22.
A police officer was injured during an altercation with a student after a parent called Melrose High School to report that the student may have a gun in the building, officials said.
The parent called around 9:30 a.m., prompting the high school to lockdown and a shelter-in-place declared for Melrose Veterans Memorial Middle School, according to a statement from Superintendent Cyndy Taymore and Police Chief Michael Lyle.
The parent who called was not the parent of the student, officials said.
The MHS School Resource Officer and school administrators went to the student's classroom, taking them into custody and confiscating their backpack, the statement said.
No weapons were found on the student or in their backpack, police said.
But when confronted, the student did not listen to police and left the building, the statement said. They were detained outside the high school, leading to the altercation that injured the police officer.
Charges are pending against the juvenile student, officials said. The student's name was not released.
The officer was taken to Melrose-Wakefield Hospital with serious injuries, but they are expected to recover, officials said.
Officials lifted the lockdown and shelter in place by 9:45 a.m. and classes resumed.
The superintendent and police chief stressed that there is no danger to the community and there was never a weapon inside the school.
New Texas coach Tom Herman explains how they's been pleasantly surprised by their players and administration since taking over and how former Longhorns players have been supportive. (2:05)
AUSTIN, Texas -- Texas' quarterback competition has entered the summer phase.
The battle is still undecided, as was coach Tom Herman's plan all along. After Saturday's spring game, they scoffed at the notion it's time to name Shane Buechele their QB1 after the sophomore threw for 369 yards and scored three touchdowns on 23-of-39 passing.
No way, Herman said. No need. That's just premature.
Buechele did have a clear advantage over true first-year student Sam Ehlinger throughout the spring. It became obvious to Herman and offensive coordinator Tim Beck which of their two passers has 12 career college starts under their belt. Buechele is more comfortable running the show, and their accuracy has made a strong impression.
“I saw growth in him,” Beck said. “The things we require our quarterback to do and to be is different for them and for what they were asked to do and to be last year. It's a process, and he's in that process right now. They haven't arrived by any means, but they are growing.”
Shane Buechele threw for 369 yards and scored three touchdowns on 23-of-39 passing in the Texas spring game, but the sophomore did not sew up the starting job. Ricardo B. Brazziell/Austin American-Statesman via AP
Herman got where they are today by building a resume as one of college football's finest developers of quarterbacks. They turned Chase Clement into Rice's all-time-leading passer. Iowa State's Austen Arnaud finished with the best completion percentage in school history. Herman took Braxton Miller's game to another level and took J.T. Barrett and Cardale Jones to a national title at Ohio State. They helped transform Houston's Greg Ward Jr. into a superstar.
Now Herman has to work their magic at Texas and bring an end to an infamous seven-year QB rut. The truth is, this battle will likely be won behind the scenes. The upcoming summer session is an essential proving ground for quarterbacks hoping to impress Herman.
“Are you the guy that's voluntarily setting up quarterback-wide receiver workouts on off days? Are you the guy who is the first into treatment and the last one out after weights?” said Arnaud, Herman's starting quarterback at Iowa State in 2009 and 2010. “He looks for those qualities, and he's got people that check up on you always. The candidate they choose will be the guy who makes football a priority.”
One lingering concern for these quarterbacks, which makes sense when your only options are a sophomore or a first-year student: leadership. Herman was asked Saturday to assess how Buechele and Ehlinger have come along in that area. Their blunt answer: “Just OK.”
He's pushed the fairly even-keeled Buechele to work on their on-field demeanor. “Shane, I think, took some steps this past week,” Herman said. “I saw them smiling more, and their body language was better. We've had a lot of conversations about that. They were a lot more positive.”
He's urged the uber-confident Ehlinger to not take a back seat to Texas' older players. “Sam, I think, needs to realize that just because he's a first-year student doesn't mean they should acquiesce all the leadership to everybody else,” Herman said. “He's got a lot of presence, a lot of natural leadership, and whether they wind up being the first, second, third, fourth-team quarterback, it doesn't matter.”
Herman's grading system for quarterbacks is pluses and minuses. If you miss a read, miss a signal or even take one wrong step, that's a missed assignment, or an M.A. And it's an M.A. even if the play results in big yardage.
“A lot of times I would have at least 20 M.A.'s in a game,” Arnaud said. “And I was not perfect by any means. I was an average quarterback. But they got the best out of me.”
That extreme level of precision and detail is the rigid standard in Herman's system. Arnaud, who's now living in Charlotte working as a medical sales rep, doesn't know much about Buechele and Ehlinger. But they know enough about Herman to know how to win the Texas job.
The No. 1 factor, they said, is always going to be ball security. Herman would tell their Iowa State quarterbacks they must treat the football like a briefcase filled with a million dollars.
“Take risks, but take calculated risks,” Arnaud said. “That's what they always talked about. Whoever takes better care of the football will be the starting quarterback.”
Both Longhorns have big arms and bright futures. Both are well-liked by teammates. And both have a lot to learn and clean up. Herman's track record suggests he's the right guy to help groom Texas' first elite quarterback since Colt McCoy left town.
Buechele has the lead for now, no question. But they and Ehlinger have three more months of progress to make, and their new head coach isn't going to take it easy on them.
As Herman put it Saturday: "I think a healthy fear of losing your job is just that: healthy.”
Hallie Crawford runs their own boutique career coaching firm. “Job-hopping is becoming more common because it's a way to change your location, company culture, earn more money or get a promotion. It's more common because people are able to work remotely, and more people want to find a job that they truly enjoy versus staying at one position that's not a good fit.” It's not uncommon for women to feel that they've achieved most of what they want from their career after a decade or so of working full-time. By the time they've logged on to start their job search, some will quickly dismiss the idea as wishful thinking, but for many, changing careers is exciting and achievable.
Generally speaking, transitional job-hopping involves at least one company change after 12-36 months, and while the younger generation gets bad press because of this tendency, the stigma is quickly losing steam. “There has been a shift in attitudes towards one's life and career in the last 20 years,” insists Zeta Yarwood , a qualified NLP career and life coach. “It used to be a case of simply finding a job that pays well, looks good on paper and offers job security for life.” Nowadays women are more likely than their predecessors to job-hop, according to a LinkedIn study, and in an increasingly interconnected world, a career change can seem tempting.
The once insatiable enthusiasm for the profession you committed to in your Twenties has dwindled. After years of experience fine-tuning skillsets and developing knowledge about your chosen area of expertise, dashing in-between work meetings and coffee runs, you find yourself wondering: is this really what I want? Women in their Thirties and Forties often face a series of momentous life decisions – most of which impact our professional careers – and in an era where opportunities are plentiful, Future Workplace estimates that 91 per cent of Generation Y expect to stay in each job for less than three years.
Debra Wheatman, founder and president of Careers Done Write, is a certified résumé writer. “It's incumbent upon each of us to actively manage our own careers. Gone are the days of lifetime employment with one employer.” Be that as it may, while companies are sympathetic to the plight of twenty-somethings who've worked multiple jobs in the hope that they'll break into their desired field, will an experienced candidate's history of short-term employment be held against them? Wheatman doesn't think so. “Changing roles is essential to staying fresh,” they insist. “Years ago, managers wouldn't look at a résumé that's peppered with short-term stints. These days, spending more than three or four years in the same role will get you the side-eye.”
After all, the bulk of today's workforce are both the pioneers and guinea pigs of the digital age; better connected than any generation that's gone before them. It's no surprise that these tech-savvy workers are functioning differently to their foregoers, and instant gratification, argues Yarwood, makes Generation Y more likely to chop and change. Online dating websites immediately introduce us to new love interests, while search engines have replaced perusing old libraries for research. “Technology has created a world and perception that we must be happy all the time, and we can be in an instant. But this also means as soon as people become bored or unhappy in their jobs, they quit.” It seems that for job-hoppers to be successful, they must give an adequate explanation for their professional manoeuvres when asked, because ultimately changing jobs regularly results in a higher salary and an increase in control. “It [job-hopping] allows you to experience different fields, industries, companies and locations. This helps you identify what you enjoy and what you're good at, and can give you a more rounded skillset,” says Yarwood, before adding that an international increase in opportunities for women has also influenced women's professional development. “In previous generations, many women were raising children in their Thirties and Forties, with their careers temporarily taking a back seat. Now, more and more women are putting off having children and are making their career a priority.”
After all, personal responsibilities result in expense: marriage is often followed by buying a house, raising children, paying for a mortgage, as well as school fees, and family vacations. A steady paycheque and company benefits were formerly essential, but nowadays women are more able to react to the rich and lucrative job market. Marriage and home ownership are at historically low rates among today's adults, and new posts can offer luxurious relocation packages and more money. “A woman's range of options in previous generations were fairly limited,” reminds Wheatman, whereas now they pursue opportunity. “She actively keeps an eye out,” says Wheatman, “and networks aggressively. They never lets their career go on cruise control.”
The notion that workers should force themselves to stick it out at a job that they're unhappy in, because future employers might spurn them for multiple short-term jobs or a considerable career change, is antiquated. After all, why should we let our career languish at a company in which we're slow moving, albeit successful? The fear of the unknown binds unsuspecting employees to dead-end positions, and subsequently many are neglecting their quest for career happiness. No matter one's profession or title, work gives a person an identity and while there are no guarantees, it's important to find work that's meaningful and engaging. To do that, you must be willing to take the risk.
South Korea announced a package of measures Wednesday to utilize information and communications technology and science technology to revitalize the country's economy suffering from weak exports and flagging manufacturing sector.
Under the measures discussed in a meeting presided over by Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, and announced by the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning, the government will make use of the latest ICT to secure new growth engines.
Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn (center) attends an ICT-related meeting in Seoul on Jan. 13, 2017. (Yonhap file photo)
The government said it will double research and development spending to 1.25 trillion won ($1.07 billion) for the local service sector in 2021. The R&D budget will be poured into the seven service sectors, including software, medicine and tourism, which are considered new growth engines, officials said.The move comes amid a deep slump in the manufacturing sector which accounts for nearly 30 percent of the country's gross domestic product, the ministry said.The manufacturing sector, which has been the engine of South Korea's economic development in the past, is directly affected by exports. However, the sector's employment rate hovers around 17 percent in recent years, lagging far behind its GDP contribution.The service industry, on the other hand, has been strengthening its presence in the economy, hiring 70 percent of the country's total workforce in 2015. But it accounted for 60 percent of the country's total added value due to poor labor productivity.The government said it will also make the local manufacturing industry "smarter" by introducing automated smart factories to enhance the quality of products, cut production costs, and streamline and speed up the manufacturing process.The government said it will construct an accumulated 5,000 smart factories by the first half of 2017 and another 10,000 by 2020.The government will also help local firms to export more ICT products, especially in the aerospace and nuclear power sectors.The government also plans to use next year's Winter Olympic Games -- set to take place in the nation's eastern alpine city of PyeongChang -- as an opportunity to debut a number of cutting-edge products.Athletes and visitors to various Olympic venues in PyeongChang, about 180 km east of Seoul, and nearby areas will be able to experience a wide range of advanced products and technology in the ICT sector, officials said. (Yonhap)
The Palm Springs International ShortFest, one of the largest events featuring short films, has announced the lineup for its 24th edition. The festival, running June 19-25, will showcase films including “Lira's Forest,” directed by “American Crime” star Connor Jessup; “Careful How You Go,” starring Phoebe Waller-Bridge; Alfred Molina in “Sam Did It” and “The Passage,” directed by Kitao Sakurai and starring Phil Burgers.
More than 100 films featured at the festival have gone on to win Oscar nominations. Designated by AMPAS, BAFTA and BIFA as an award-qualifying festival, it will screen 329 short films from 62 countries. The Short Film Market runs concurrently and offers a library of more than 5,400 films to screen.
“We're thrilled to be sharing this year's lineup,” said ShortFest festival director Lili Rodriguez. “With an increase in submission numbers, we knew we'd have our work cut out for us, but the programming team has narrowed down the selection to a wonderful collection that includes some of this year's festival favorites as well as amazing new discoveries. We were so impressed by the quality of these stories and we can't wait to pack into theaters and share them with our audience this summer.”
The program includes 42 world premieres, 32 international premieres, 42 North American premieres and 13 U.S. premieres. The 55 curated programs include those built around gay themes children, families, music, horror and films from Australia.
The four-day panel program includes sessions on pitching, production, festivals and networking from participants including AMPAS, Anonymous Content, APA Agency, CAA, Cartoon Network, FX, ICM, NBC Universal, the Orchard and Vimeo.
Winners will receive more than $87,500 in prizes, including $27,000 in cash awards. First place winners automatically become eligible for a possible Academy Award nomination.
The complete film program is available at the festival's website.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MOUNT POCONO, Pa. -- One by one, more than two dozen motorcycles pulled out of Tractor Supply in Mount Pocono.
With American Flags flying, this crew paraded through the Poconos to celebrate Independence Day.
"It's a show of patriotism. I am just trying to bring a little bit of patriotism back into our corner of the world," said Larry Loschiavo Jr., ride organizer.
The bikers rode down Route 611 and through Stroudsburg.
People who showed up say this is a great way to celebrate the 242nd birthday of America.
"We are very proud to have the freedoms that we have and to live in the United States. We are very fortunate, and we just want to celebrate all the things we are thankful for," said Cindy Miller of Stroudsburg.
Once the riders make their loop around the Poconos, they will head to Scranton to the Gino Merli Veterans Center. There, they will meet with some local veterans and celebrate the Fourth of July.
"They might see a family member once in a while. They might see a friend once in a while. Other than that, all they have is each other there. They appreciate being recognized for the service that they gave to our country," said Loschiavo Jr.
Chris Gehm from Stroudsburg says in a time when the nation seems to be divided, this is a great way to bring people together.
"It's a very big deal, I think. I am proud to be an American, and I support this every year, and I support our troops, our flag, and everything else that we stand for," said Chris Gehm of Stroudsburg.
Members of Warriors' Watch Riders, American Legion, Valor and Harvest Motorcycle Ministry were all part of the Fourth of July event.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un watches a military drill. ( AP )
On most issues, Donald Trump's tendency to blurt out provocative remarks and vent via Twitter is just bewildering. But when it comes to dealing with North Korea, it borders on frightening. If ever there was a situation that demands cool heads and rational thinking, it's Korea. The north's drive to develop missiles that would let it deliver a nuclear warhead to South Korea, Japan or even the United States poses an obvious threat to the peace of the world. Even a conventional war in Korea would, the experts warn, lead to hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions, of casualties. A nuclear exchange is unthinkable. Into this tinderbox comes the American president with a typical barrage of statements and tweets that don't add up to a coherent policy in what has long been potentially the most dangerous area of the world. Trump has called on their new best friend, Chinese President Xi Jinping, to put the screws to the North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-un. “If China decides to help, that would be great,” they tweeted. “If not, we will solve the problem without them!”
Article Continued Below
They have sent what they call an “armada” of U.S. naval vessels towards Korean waters and blasted jihadists in Afghanistan with the so-called “Mother of All Bombs,” presumably to show Kim that they mean business. And on Monday they had Vice-President Mike Pence posing at the north-south border and proclaiming that the United States' “era of strategic patience is over.” The rhetoric is impressive, but it's not clear what the policy of the Trump administration actually amounts to. According to one report, the president's national security team has reviewed the Korean situation and concluded that it should aim to put “maximum pressure” on the North to end the nuclear threat, but not to aim for “regime change” that would topple the Kim dynasty. Can it be done? U.S. administrations have tried both sticks and carrots over the years and found that nothing much works when it comes to dealing with the most secretive, most paranoid regime in the world. A glance at a map would suggest that China could readily lean on North Korea, but as Xi explained to Trump last week at their Florida meeting, it's not so simple. Long, tangled historical relationships get in the way.
With military options severely limited, then, the logical conclusion is that somehow the U.S. must find a way to re-engage North Korea in negotiations, despite the frustration of earlier efforts. Surprisingly, despite President Trump's white-hot words now, candidate Trump suggested just that last year. In May 2016 they told an interviewer they would be willing to meet with Kim Jong-un, a major break from U.S. policy, and even proposed withdrawing American troops from South Korea. That led to North Korean state media hailing Trump as a “wise politician.” That seems like an eon ago, with threats now flying in both directions. But there is potentially an opening to talk. In the meantime, though, Trump needs to do what doesn't come naturally: stop making needlessly provocative comments and avoid making a very bad situation even worse.
Read more about:
What are the busiest web hosting and design companies in Clark County? We ranked them by number of commercial clients billed in the last 12 months. Figures as of 5/16/18.
The top five are:
ODI Technologies Inc: 563 commercial clients billed in last 12 mo. Blue Blazes, LLC: 290 commercial clients billed in last 12 mo. Premium Websites, LLC: 250 commercial clients billed in last 12 mo. Creative Media Enterprises Inc: 213 commercial clients billed in last 12 mo. CIRV Website Agency: 175 commercial clients billed in last 12 mo.
To view the rest of Clark County's busiest web hosting and design companies, check out the June 1, 2018 edition of the Vancouver Business Journal. The list includes areas of expertise, top local executive information and more. Organizations that do not respond to list questionnaires are not included.
Individual industry lists can be purchased in Excel form by contacting the VBJ at 360.695.2442. These lists feature even more listings than what is in the print version.
Our 2018 Book of Lists is also available in print or electronic form here.
Comments
comments
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): Ambassador of Pakistan to Oman Ali Javed was
received by the Minister for Information Dr. Abdulmonam Mansoor Al-Hasani,
discuesed the bilateral relations and cooperation, on late Sunday.
On the occasion, both sides undertook the comprehensive review
bilateral relations said a press release received here on Monday.
The Minister stated that through exchange of journalists and prominent
members of civil society, both sides would mutually promote bilateral
understanding, people-to-people exchanges and preserved the historical linkages between Oman and Pakistan.
The Ambassador expressed appreciation for their Majesty as a beacon of
hope and peace and conveyed greetings from the Pakistani counterpart.
They were assisted by Embassy Spokesperson Syeda Ramallah and Ameer
Hamza, a Pakistani student undergoing Ph.D in Oman, who recently concluded the 600-paged Urdu translation of a book authored on Their Majesty Sultan Qaboos titled, “Sultanate of Sultan”.
The Ambassador shared Embassy's information outreach initiatives
including Embassy Newsletter with 3,000 copies in English and Arabic, “WhatsApp Broadcast” (+968 9198 0458) launched in January 2017 with 9,000 followers, Arabic language Facebook on Pakistani Community etc.
Ambassador also shared that they were participating in Pakistani
Christian community Easter Service later today in a local Church to foster inter-faith harmony.
The Minister expressed satisfaction over the status of existing
relations and cited their resolve to reinvigorate cooperation in its entire spectrum.
They expressed admiration for the services rendered by Pakistani community
in Oman and praised Pakistani educational institutions.
Sometimes, the best things are kept secret. In the 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon's case, only a handful of the automaker's engineers knew about the headline-making muscle car.
The great lengths Dodge went through to ensure the Challenger Demon project was kept a secret are pretty commendable, detailed in a video from Autoline. The brand covered all of its bases to ensure nothing seemed out of the ordinary when testing and developing the car internally. Foremost, a buzzworthy codename was off the table. Instead of dubbing the Demon's monstrous 6.2-liter supercharged V-8 engine something like "Hellcat," the Demon was referred to as "Benny" internally. It raised no red flags to anyone in earshot of conversation.
Then, Dodge covered its tracks even more. When the higher-output engine was being tested on the dyno, which makes 840 horsepower on 100+ octane fuel, if you hadn't heard, the engineering team reconfigured the dyno's gauges so it looked like just another Hellcat engine. No one passing by thought a thing; through the project's entire development, only a few dozen people were aware of the car's existence. When you're building a muscle car with so many production firsts, and just as many performance accomplishments, secrecy is the best policy. Ask the Ford team that developed the new GT.
Production of the 2018 Dodge Challenger Demon has officially begun, but dealers and owners will have to wait just a little while longer. Fiat Chrysler told Motor Authority deliveries will begin "following containment at the plant."
When the Demon is delivered, it'll be Dodge's best-kept secret in a long time.
“I went home, did a couple of things, then just a missed flight,” Williams said Tuesday before Boston's summer squad practiced at the team's new Auerbach Center. “Missed communication by me. It's all on me. So we're going to push forward and move past that.” The Celtics emphasized work ethic to Williams when they first arrived in Boston last week, and the 20-year-old rookie referenced hard work seven times during their introductory news conference on Friday. The team reaffirmed that message when Williams arrived tardy to Boston over the weekend. “Just accountability, which they stressed to me a lot when I first got here,” Williams said. “Just accountability and just stressing that this is a job. Things are different in college so just knowing what you have and the opportunities are limited.”
Every morning, we compile the links of the day and dump them here… highlighting the big story line. Because there's nothing quite as satisfying as a good morning dump.
ESPN
You know it's a slow news day when the only point of interest is a player showing up to practice after missing one. Robert Williams is doing the only thing they can, which is giving the best athlete-speak possible to interviewers to take responsibility for their mistake. It's kind of like practicing for the SATs, where you just stuff as much vocabulary into your essay as possible and hope for the best. Keywords include: Responsibility, push forward, opportunity, do your job, etc. Good luck!
For what it's worth, there were some positive comments once they finally saw the practice floor:
Jay Larranaga said Robert Williams was “volleyball spiking” shots yesterday. (Unrelated, Superspike VBall was a great NES game.) — Jay King (@ByJayKing) July 3, 2018
And more from the above article:
“He dunks with their elbows, which is a really positive thing,” Larranaga said with a laugh. “He's been really, really good. Really focused. Picked up the points of emphasis that we had [Monday] in practice really well. Seems very coachable. Like we said, this is the beginning of the process for them and for the summer league team. Day 1 was good.” Later Larranaga added: “He's volleyball-spiking shots and catching the ball with their elbows. They can make an impact on both ends of the floor when they play with great effort. They have that length and athleticism. I think he's a very unselfish player. That's really important in our system.”
If I've noticed one thing about the Celtics coaching staff, it's that they like to talk up their players and see if they can live up to it. Anybody who is doing just fine is doing great, and anybody doing great could be doing better. I'm probably overthinking it, but Larranaga's comments could be part of the plan to motivate Williams, now that there's some pressure to do all the things they said they could do.
Also, have I been living under a rock? I've never heard of a player “catching the ball with their elbows” before, and yet it seems so commonplace when Larranaga mentions it here.
On page 2… your speculative Marcus Smart update
Highly likely Marcus Smart returns to the #Celtics but an extension may be murky since Dante Exum signed for $11 million per season. Smart has played in 99 more games and averaged nearly 4 more points per game than Exum, who was drafted one slot ahead of Smart in '14. — gary washburn (@GwashburnGlobe) July 3, 2018
The good news is that most of the teams that could offer Smart money have spent their allowance already. The question mark still remains when it comes to deciding their worth. Dante Exum's $11 million per year is pretty high given their relatively uneventful first four seasons (one missed to injury). Around the league, we've seen Fred VanVleet signed to a two year, $18 million deal which is an absolute steal, and Rajon Rondo get $9 million to play a year for the Lakers, which is… questionable. JJ Redick, one of the best non-All-Stars on the market, is getting around $12 million on another one year deal, although they were probably willing to take a little less given how much they made last year ($23 million) and how much they like living on the East coast.
Long story short, free agency is a mess, which has come to be the norm in today's NBA. Some of the other teams with cap space are in rebuild mode, so I'd expect Smart to re-sign with Boston for a reasonable amount of money before too long.
Finally, some odds and ends
From what I'm told, Jayson Tatum has been grinding in the weight room. May never get physically bigger—but I'm hearing he's already significantly stronger. https://t.co/5cAFtvPu4V — Chris Mannix (@ChrisMannixYS) July 4, 2018
Sounds like there is some level of mutual interest between the Orlando Magic and free agent guard Isaiah Thomas. Dance is around money, but it would almost assuredly be a one-year deal. — Keith Smith (@KeithSmithNBA) July 3, 2018
As the Celtics summer leagues practice on court, Aron Baynes absolutely tearing up an exercise bike above the court. — Chris Forsberg (@ESPNForsberg) July 3, 2018
Brad Wanamaker tells me that a key consideration in their decision to join the Celtics was their expected development under Brad Stevens. Wanamaker and their agent were “very aware” of the upward trajectory of nearly every player who has played under Stevens in Boston. — Marc D'Amico (@Marc_DAmico) July 3, 2018
Outside the fervor of free agency, things are pretty ho-hum in Boston, which is probably a good thing. After hearing about locker room drama leading to Marcin Gortat getting traded across the country, seeing the Lakers sign a bunch of clowns, and watching the Thunder go approximately $80 trillion into the luxury tax, I'd suppose that no news is good news for our Celtics. Mark your calendars for Friday, when summer league action kicks off and we hope to forgive Robert Williams for their sins through thunder dunks and volleyball spikes.
More links
Boston.com: What Robert Williams had to say after missing the Celtics' first summer league practice | NBA.com: Williams aims to shift headlines to their game-changing defense
MassLive: Boston Celtics guards Brad Wanamaker has more than just team change to make | NBA.com: Wanamaker is the latest free agent to seek a piece of C's development brilliance | Boston Herald: Ideal opportunity for newest member of team, Brad Wanamaker
Friendly country playing crucial role in TVET reforms in Punjab: Irfan Qaiser Sheikh
LAHORE: Chairman Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (TEVTA) Irfan Qaiser Sheikh said that friendly countries are playing crucial role in Technical and Vocational Education and Training (TVET) reforms in Punjab.
While addressing to a delegation of German organization Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) at TEVTA Secretariat here on Friday, Irfan Qaiser Sheikh observed that number of friendly countries like Germany, Japan, Turkey are working on numerous projects across the country which is not doubt increasing the standards, quality and outcomes of TVET sector. They said that support and aid of these countries and their respective organizations are working with TEVTA in all districts of Punjab.
Chairman observed that Germany has been a good friend of our country for last many decades and is working for betterment of several sectors. Germans are much advanced in technical and vocational training than our country and they are working generously for reforms in TVET sector of the country as well Punjab, they said.
They went on saying that GIZ helped in accreditation of 40 institutions and 260 training programs were supported, recently, it has also shown interest for establishing Center of Excellence in Punjab for the provision of training of solar technology along with TEVTA. They also told the meeting that GIZ had already provided training of solar technology to 3000 students and trained 72 instructors at 32 institutions and established 24 solar labs across Punjab.
Irfan also noted that besides GIZ, other international organizations like Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Turkish International Cooperation Agency (TIKA) are working closely with TEVTA. These both organizations had also provided several supports in the form of infrastructure and curricula support for technical and vocational education, they said.
Talking about TiKA, Irfan Qaiser explained that TIKA has upgraded 13 labs of TEVTA by providing the latest machinery with Rs 640 million. TEVTA's students of Diploma of Associate Engineering (DAE) are being benefitted with these facilities; they said adding that TIKA had also provided training to our teachers. Recently, 22 Turkish master trainers came to Pakistan and trained TEVTA's teachers in Lahore, Faisalabad and Gujrat. These master trainers trained our teachers and students in the fields of hospitality, beautician and civil engineering. They went on saying that around seven officials of TEVTA also got training in Japan a month ago.
Chairman TEVTA observed that trust of international organization is proving that TEVTA Punjab's performance is going upwards and these organizations are satisfied with performance of TEVTA in recent years. They told that now TEVTA focus more on quality of education than quantity of courses and students, which is the reason it has got remarkable success in last three years.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
Warner Bros. unveiled rough footage from “Aquaman” at CinemaCon on Tuesday, with the cast and crew promising that the finished project will rival the sense of adventure and epic scope found in “Indiana Jones,” “Star Wars,” and “The Lord of the Rings.”
The upcoming DC Comics adaptation will find the underwater lord battling their corrupt half-brother (Patrick Wilson, with a very blonde wig) after returning to the Kingdom of Atlantis.  They are also tasked with trying to prevent a brewing conflict between the sea dwellers and the people on the “surface world.”
Jason Momoa reprised their “Justice League” role as Arthur Curry/Aquaman, portraying the superhero as a man who “solves problems with their fists.”
“I'm a blunt instrument and I'm damn good at it,” Momoa says at one point in the footage.
The film will delve into Aquaman's backstory. One of the more arresting images from the film finds a young Aquaman catching a trident with their bare hands.
Director James Wan said the film's effects are very much a work-in-progress, but told the crowd of theater owners that they hoped they could “catch a glimpse of something that may represent the fun film I'm going for.”
Related Benicio Del Toro Teases 'Sicario' Sequel, Talks 'Avengers: Infinity War' 'Incredibles 2': Samuel L. Jackson's Frozone Saves the Day in CinemaCon Footage
Momoa and Wan were joined on stage in Las Vegas, where the annual exhibition industry confab is taking place, by Amber Heard. The actor plays Mera, the queen of Atlantis, and, in Heard's telling, a warrior in their own right.
“She's not a damsel in distress,” said Heard.
“Aquaman” opens on Dec. 21. In addition to “Aquaman,” DC also teased its forthcoming adaptation of “Shazaam,” with director David F. Sandberg calling the film a superhero version of “Big” that will work for family audiences. In a video, “Wonder Woman” director Patty Jenkins also teased the sequel to the superhero hit, revealing that it will be set in the 1980s.
A lot is riding on these films. DC has struggled to create a cinematic universe to rival Marvel's interconnected superhero films. “Justice League” lost money, and “Suicide Squad” and “Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice” were excoriated by critics.
1 /6
Having a shower is more than just bathing, it is an experience that freshens you up and prepares you for the day. However, the lack of awareness about advanced shower heads leads to a below average shower experience for many. People have come to accept it and live with it, simply because they don't know that something better is out there.
At Grohe, the belief is that each shower should be as perfect as the previous one. This is ensured through precision and advanced technologies that the Grohe showers come with.
Standing under the shower and waiting to find the right mix of hot and cold water is something we are all guilty of. It wastes time and water, but we've somehow accepted it as a part of our bathroom routine. Some of the other pain points that people face while showering include clogging of nozzles because of accumulated dirt, low water pressure leading to an unsatisfactory shower, a lesser spread because of size inadequacies, etc.
Grohe's showers have introduced a variety of advanced features which solve these problems and provide you with an excellent shower, each time.
1. Precise water droplets
Grohe believes that the secret to a perfect shower lies in its drops. With its high precision nozzles, Grohe ensures that each drop that comes out of a shower head is 100% equal in size and completely precise. This geometric masterpiece enables you to have an enjoyable showering experience.
2. Multiple spray options
Bored of bathing with the same shower spray every day? With a variety of spray options ranging from Bokoma, Waterfall to Rain, Grohe's showers offer you a multi-sensory shower according to your needs and desires.
3. Always new
Nobody likes to bathe from a shower that looks greasy and old itself. Grohe's showers are 10 times more scratch resistant and have a 3 times harder surface than your average shower, making them look new for years altogether.
4. Up to 40% less water consumption
Saving water has become a part of everyone's conscience, what with water resources becoming scarce in the world. This doesn't need to mean that you have a stingy shower where you carefully count the water droplets that you use. With Grohe's innovative showering technology, air is drawn into the shower head and mixed with water for a wider and fuller spray, so you can enjoy a guilt free shower without compromising on experience and save over 20,000 litres a year per family
5. Say ‘Goodbye' to your struggles with low water pressure
Low water pressure can make your showering experience unpleasant and slow. Grohe has introduced a shower range ‘Tempesta' which is specifically designed to give a powerful showering experience even when the water pressure is as low as 0.1.
6. Speed cleaning
There's no need to spend hours fighting with your shower head to wipe out all the dirt from it. Grohe's showers allow you to eliminate any rigid lime scale with a quick finger swipe.
7. Rust resistance
Tired of changing your showers every few months because of rust problems? The inner water guide of Grohe showers is 100% rust resistant, making them durable and reliable.
Grohe has received over 300 awards for its excellent designs. They offer a variety of products that you can choose from, including Euphoria, Power & Soul, Tempesta etc. Each of these come with their own specific features and customized designs. With Grohe, you can say goodbye to incomplete shower experiences and explore a whole new spectrum of perfect showers, created with the help of brilliant technologies.
You can find out more about Grohe Showers here.
The new year certainly began with a bang for Peterborough Phantoms.
The city side brought in 2017 by delivering a double-figure destruction of Sheffield at Planet Ice last night (January 1) in the first part of an English Premier League double-header against the Steeldogs.
James Archer scored the 10th Phantoms goal.
Phantoms triumphed 10-2 as the recipe of a red-hot home side and a seriously depleted set of visitors made for the sort of one-sided sporting spectacle only usually seen when Anthony Joshua steps into the ring.
“We lost our final home match of 2016,” said Phantoms coach Slava Koulikov. “And we definitely did not want to lose our first one of 2017.
“The boys obviously didn't overdo it partying on New Year's Eve and it was pleasing to see them put in a performance like that.
“We had a gameplan and executed it very well for the vast majority of the game. We stepped away from it a couple of times and had a little bit of trouble, but overall it was a good start to the year.”
There was an unsurprising shortage of players for Sheffield (the worst disciplined team at EPL level have three men, including two imports, banned) but a far more surprising lack of fight from those that did ice. This was a meek surrender from a team who normally make life uncomfortable for the full 60 minutes.
They did provide a couple of early scares when managing to have the two most dangerous efforts during four minutes of powerplay for Phantoms, which included a wasted spell of five-on-three.
But Janis Auzins made smart saves to deny Arnoldas Bosas and Tomas Brcko in those short-handed Sheffield raids before Phantoms soon found themselves in cruise control thanks to a pair of well-worked goals.
Petr Stepanek delivered the classy approach play to give Ales Padelek a simple finish before Owen Griffiths was left with an equally simple task of firing into the twine after Marc Levers and Sam Towner linked smartly.
Stepanek was the architect again as Martins Susters added a third goal just 19 seconds into a middle session that was akin to a massacre.
The teenage ace then left their mark with a big hit that dislodged a section of plexi-glass and also put Steeldogs defenceman Tim Smith out of the game.
Susters was on target again with a ferociously-hit fourth goal for Phantoms before Darius Pliskauskas marked their earlier-than-expected return from injury with a fine solo effort which stemmed from a face-off at the other end of the ice.
Sheffield ended Auzins' hopes of a second successive shut-out when Macauley Heywood tapped in the first of their two consolation goals, but an outrageous piece of Padelek skill – followed by a smart finish – ensured normal service was soon resumed.
There was also time for Wehebe Darge touch in a Pliskauskas pass before the buzzer and the goals continued to flow in the final session.
Pliskauskas and Stepanek provided a quick double salvo of powerplay strikes past back-up Steeldogs goalie Brandon Stones before Heywood grabbed another back for the visitors by beating Phantoms' replacement netminder Adam Long.
But the city men were determined to reach double-figures as they continued to pour forward and James Archer ensured they succeeded with two-and-a-half minutes to go.
Now third-placed Phantoms turn their attention to following up with another success in the return clash at iceSheffield tonight January 2, 7.30pm) - and Koulikov is expecting the Steeldogs to be a much tougher proposition on their own ice.
“Greg (Sheffield coach, Wood) will not be happy with the amount of goals their team conceded in our building,” added Koulikov.
“Sheffield will definitely be keen to bounce back and we have to be aware of that, but we will employ the tactics we believe can get a result up there.”
MATCH DETAILS
Goals
PHANTOMS
7:39 Padelek ass: Stepanek/White
15:09 Griffiths ass: Towner/Levers
20:19 Susters ass: Stepanek/Padelek
28:04 Susters ass: Padelek/J. Ferrara
29:00 Pliskauskas ass: R. Ferrara/Darge
37:54 Padelek unassisted
39:27 Darge ass: Pliskauskas/Archer
48:46 Pliskauskas (PP) ass: Darge/J. Ferrara
49:49 Stepanek (PP) ass: Susters/Padelek
57:31 Archer ass: Robson/Levers
SHEFFIELD
35:09 Heywood ass: Bosas/Calvert
52:45 Heywood ass: Bosas/Calvert
Men-of-the-match
PHANTOMS – Sam Towner
SHEFFIELD – Macauley Heywood
GHALANAI, Feb 15 (APP): At least three Levies personnel were killed and as many injured when a suicide bomber blew themselves up at the gate of Ghalanai Headquarters of Mohmand Agency on Wednesday.
A suicide bomber tried to enter the housing colony of the local
political administration. When they were signaled to stop at the gate, the terrorist blew themselves up, killing three Levies personnel and injuring some others, sources in the political administration said.
The Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said two suicide bombers were on a motorbike one blew themselves up at the gate while the other was killed by firing of security forces.
Security agencies had the intelligence about intrusion of suicide
bombers from Afghanistan inside Mohmand agency, the ISPR said.
Political administration sources added that the Levies personnel laid
their lives to save the lives of so many others present in housing colony and offices of the headquarters at the time of the attack.
The injured Levies personnel have been shifted to Lady Reading
Hospital in Peshawar.
Soon after the blast the areas was sealed and a thorough search
operation was initiated to nab perpetrators involved in this cowardice act, political administration sources said.
Podcast
This week the whole crew is together for a rare conclave of banter and tech news including remote workers, nerd dress codes, cloudy status reports and fake news.
The details…
(0:00) Sleeping on a plane
(4:25) Blowing glass
(6:50) The Lego Batman Movie review
(10:20) IBM roping in remote workers
(14:10) Our leaders wear jeans
(17:05) Trusting AWS status reports
(24:03) Verizon may be selling its cloud
(29:03) AWS won't turn into IBM
(30:15) Serverless nonsense
(32:23) Uber blamed for divorce
(34:00) Apple boss: Fake news “killing minds”?
Listen with the Reg player below, or download here.
Speaking in Tech: Episode
Podcast Subscriber Links
Subscribe through iTunes
Subscribe through Google
Subscribe through Stitcher
Feed URL for other podcast tools - Juice, Zune, et cetera: http://nekkidtech.libsyn.com/rss
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Vodafone Ghana
Mr. Andrew Kufuor and Eunice Ampomah Manu (SME Enterprise Team, Vodafone GH)
What started out as a cursory offer of assistance to a customer at the headquarters at Vodafone Ghana has become a very defining story of effective customer service.
Vodafone's Chief Executive, Yolanda Cuba was heading off to a meeting when they stopped to assist an incoming customer into the Vodafone building. As it turned out, this man, Andrew Kufuor, a cousin of former President J. A. Kufuor, had come to personally thank a staff of Vodafone for saving their lives.
Eunice Ampomah-Manu, with the SME Enterprise team, had called Mr. Kufuor sometime last week, on a routine customer check-up. Whilst on the call, Mr. Kufuor suffered an attack. They were breathless and told Eunice, they were dying. They panicked but kept them composure.
In a flurry of activity, including keeping Mr. Kufuor on the line for about ten minutes, they managed to extract the digits of their wife's number and called them In a matter of minutes, Mr. Kufuor's wife rushed home and managed to get their husband to a nearby clinic to receive medical attention. Later in the week, Eunice also called to check up on them at the hospital.
"I was helpless. Them call came in good time and I really want to thank them for what they did. They saved my life. Without that, I perhaps wouldn't be here today”, they said.
Yolanda Cuba, Chief Executive of Vodafone Ghana, said:
"Providing unmatched customer experience is what we stand for. It is not mere rhetoric; it is a way of life for us and the value system of our business. We really care for each and everyone of our customers and we will never renege on this."
Wales will be the underdog again next week when it goes to Twickenham to face the two-time defending champion but Gatland expects to have at least two of their Lions backs available.
Liam Williams will take a full part in training on Monday after an abdominal problem, and George North should be available after tight hamstrings.
"I've said the draw was great for us. We've got England and Ireland away (in the next two rounds)," they said.
"We've often had pretty tough opening encounters so getting Scotland at home first up for us was a great opportunity. There were a lot of players who were involved last year (in the loss at Murrayfield) and they wanted to make up for that disappointment.
"Next week, we go to a venue where we've had a lot of success in the last 10 years."
At Twickenham, Gatland can count three wins on their watch. But they aren't ready to predict the result next Saturday.
By The Associated Press
Samter's building in downtown Scranton sold The former Samter's building at Lackawanna and Penn avenues has sold, according to property marketer Hinerfeld Commercial Real Estate of Scranton. (read more)
Bill for Scranton sewer sale costs yet to come The bill will be in the mail. Total costs of Scranton's sewer sale won't be known for some time, because some costs and fees not yet incurred or billed for will be paid later, an attorney for Scranton Sewer Authority said. (read more)
Seafood still a major draw over holidays The crab legs, lobster tails and fresh fish sat splayed on ice outside at Cooper's Seafood House's holiday market Friday, just as they were at many stores around town. (read more)
Court denies embezzler's appeal A federal judge denied the appeal of a Moosic financial adviser who sought to overturn their 11-year prison sentence for embezzling more than $2 million from clients. (read more)
Candidates flock to open magisterial judge races A slew of candidates already are gearing up to run for Lackawanna County's two open magisterial district judge seats next year. (read more)
Geisinger/medical school deal final It's official. The monumental marriage between Scranton's medical college and Geisinger Health System closed on the legal pieces of its integration, according to a Geisinger statement released today. (read more)
Life&Times This Week: New Year, New You, Outdoor Fun, Pigs in the Blanket, Northeast Woman, Out&About, Wedding, Engagements & More. (read more)
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Marketing firm GKV added Orizon Foods, a subsidiary of South American business conglomerate Orizon S.A. GKV is working with Orizon to develop the brand's identity, logo and packaging, as well as to help design and create their trade show presence, sales materials and initial website. Orizon Foods debuted in the U.S. market at The Seafood Expo North ...
Centric Parts has released the 2018 StopTech High Performance Brake Systems Catalog. This expanded catalog features more than 14,000 new listings covering more than 200 makes and models of vehicles built through 2018. With more than 230 new pages, the 2018 catalog covers the entire StopTech product range including listings for the complete range of StopTech Axle Packs.
The 2018 Performance Catalog also includes StopTech Big Brake Kits, StopTech Sport Rotors, StopTech High Performance Brake Pads, StopTech High Performance Brake Fluid and StopTech Stainless Steel Brake Lines.
“The StopTech Performance Brake program is the most comprehensive, highest-performing line of brake upgrades in the market,” said Mark Cornwell, StopTech vice president sales and marketing. “We continue to innovate the most capable braking solutions largely through our involvement with racing. Everything we learn at the track drives our performance offerings, providing unique and exciting opportunities.”
The printed 2018 StopTech High Performance Brake Systems catalog is being made available to customers now. The Centric Parts and StopTech online catalog are fully updated and the data has already been released to e-catalog providers as well. All of the parts offered in the 2018 Performance Brake Systems catalog are available to order today.
All kits, as well as the complete line of StopTech braking systems and components are available through motorsports distributors and performance automotive aftermarket retailers today. For the complete listings of Centric's full line of replacement brake and chassis parts, visit CentricParts.com.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2017 Opel Insignia Grand Sport Enlarge Photo
Opel in 2014 confirmed plans for a flagship SUV that would share a platform and production line with the Insignia range of models.
But the platform in question, code-named E2XX, is a General Motors design no longer available to Opel due to the brand's sale earlier this year to France's PSA Group.
According to Auto Express, the change of ownership means Opel's plans for the SUV, along with plans for all other vehicles being developed on GM platforms, have been put on hold.
Opel Monza concept Enlarge Photo
The SUV was expected to feature a design inspired by Opel's Monza concept unveiled at the 2013 Frankfurt auto show, and target vehicles such as the Ford Edge and Volkswagen Touareg. GM's Australian brand, Holden, was also expected to get a version of the SUV.
It may not be on hold indefinitely, however. Auto Express reports that PSA Group could still develop a range-topping SUV for Opel based on the flexible EMP2 platform found in a number of PSA Group vehicles including the Peugeot 3008 compact SUV. The platform is also destined for the next-generation Peugeot 508 sedan which will be an Insignia-sized vehicle.
Under the Opel sale agreement made between GM and PSA Group, Opel's future models will need to be based on platforms owned by PSA Group. Eventually, Opel's existing models based on GM's platforms, which aren't allowed to be sold by PSA Group outside of Europe, will be phased out or replaced with new models based on PSA Group platforms, a process that will take several years.
Published:
A Nigerian Air force training airplane has crashed in Kaduna.
A source who pleaded anonymity confirmed that the plane crashed in Kauran Dawa in Saminaka Local Area of Kaduna state.
The source revealed that the pilot of the airplane came out unhurt and there were no casualties.
The airplane is known as Diamond 40, a one-person seater training aircraft which is used for training of personnel at the NAF base.
Source : Daily Trust
Share This
On the back of a big merger and rebranding under owner Verizon, and preparing to launch an OTT video strategy, the companies formerly known as Aol and Yahoo (which also owns TC), and now known as Oath, has been making a lot of changes in its executive bench. Today comes the latest development on that front. Natalie Ravitz is starting today as Oath's new chief communications officer and “chief storyteller.”
She's replacing Caroline Campbell, who is leaving the company after nine years with Oath and before that AOL. Campbell was based first in New York and then relocated down to Washington. More recently, Oath has been looking for a comms person to work in the role out of NYC, and as Campbell wants to stay in the DC area, it seemed like a good time for the change, TechCrunch understands.
Ravitz is the latest hired in a string of executive appointments that Armstrong has made over the last several months. Others include Guru Gowrappan as Oath's president and COO; Vanessa Wittman as CFO; and Joanna Lambert running the company's finance and tech verticals.
But one very important thing to note is that Tim Armstrong, who runs Oath, will not be among the many people moving around or leaving the company, and Campbell's departure — she's been closely linked with Armstrong at the company — does not imply that they will soon go, too. We'd heard rumors that they might be tipped to go to WPP, so we asked Armstrong about that directly, and they dismissed the notion. “You're the second person to ask me,” they said in an interview, laughing. “I'm being totally direct when I say there is nothing with me leaving. Zero.”
Ravitz comes from the NFL, where they were the SVP of communications through the most recent Super Bowl (meaning: they have been tied into a lot of the glitz and excitement, but also the tougher job of handling the Colin Kaepernick story, a controversy that is still ongoing). Before that, she's was a comms leader for other big-but-also-tough organizations, including 21st Century Fox and News Corp, where they were chief of staff and SVP strategy to Rupert Murdoch; communications director for NYC public schools under Mayor Mike Bloomberg; and press secretary and deputy chief of staff for U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer, among other roles.
That list of experience fits the bill at Oath. As we reported earlier this year, the company is working on an OTT video strategy that will bring content from across its existing properties, as well as from premium third-party providers, into a new set of apps. Armstrong confirmed that the plan is going ahead with the first of its “super channels”, as they called them, to launch this coming autumn.
“We are progressing with our plans with super channels in news, sports, entertainment and finance,” they said, “OTT channels that will be of significant scale over the next 12 months.” They said Natalie's hiring is directly related to that. “We're following through with this right now.”
The branding for This has yet to be announced — as have the official plans — but the plan is to make the content that is produced at Oath more visible, and thus monetisable.
“Oath is an innovative young company being built around incredible platforms and brands in media and tech, with the great advantage of being part of the Verizon family,” said Natalie Ravitz, incoming Chief Communications Officer at Oath, said in a statement. “I'm excited to help Oath tell that story in new ways and to new audiences.”
BUSINESS
Samsung 970 PRO and EVO (Samsung Electronics)
Samsung Electronics said Tuesday it is launching the third generation of its consumer solid-state drive lineup Samsung 970 PRO and EVO for the global market, which will set new standards for nonvolatile memory express SSD products.NVMe refers to an interface enabling high-speed data processing. Samsung first introduced NVMe products in 2015.The Samsung 970 PRO and EVO are designed to provide large-volume storage with the fastest computing power so far by adopting Samsung's latest 64-layer V-NAND technology and newly designed Phoenix controller.The 970 series will deliver unparalleled performance for processing large volumes of data, including for 3-D, 4K graphics work, high-end games and data analytics, according to the firm.The 970 PRO enables sequential read speeds of up to 3,500 megabytes per second and sequential write speeds of up to 2,700 MB/s, while the EVO features sequential read speeds of up to 3,500 MB/s and sequential write speeds of up to 2,500 MB/s.Compared to the previous edition of the NVMe SSDs, the sequential write speeds have been improved by 30 percent.With the latest product launch, Samsung said it is continuing to push performance barriers to allow users to enjoy higher bandwidth for intensive workloads on PCs and workstations.“The 970 series sets a new bar in all aspects for the NVMe SSD market with groundbreaking performance, superior reliability and best-in-class capacity,” said Kim Un-soo, senior vice president of memory business marketing at Samsung Electronics.By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com)
GREATER NOIDA: Medical and pathology reports of a Greater Noida class 11 student who had alleged that they were raped do not show any signs of rape or injury, officials said on Wednesday. Investigators say they are proving other facts related to the alleged case to uncover the truth.
The girl had alleged that they were gangraped in a car by one of their relatives and a school friend on April 18.
Following their complaint, Greater Noida police lodged a case against three people, all of whom are currently absconding.
According to the girl, they were allegedly abducted by the accused after school and raped in a car. They were later found in an unconscious state near Galtiya college in Greater Noida.
The Union Cabinet had on Saturday cleared Criminal Law Amendment Ordinance stipulating stringent punishment for perpetrators of rape, particularly of girls below 16 and 12 years. The ordinance was signed by President Ram Nath Kovind on Monday.
The Ordinance provides death sentence for rapists of girls under 12 years. The minimum punishment in case of rape of women has been increased from the rigorous imprisonment of seven years to ten years, extendable to life imprisonment.
The Centre's decision came in the wake of a nationwide outrage over cases of sexual assault and murder of minors in Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir and Surat in Gujarat, and the rape of a girl in Unnao in Uttar Pradesh.
(With ANI inputs)
The lawsuit, filed in Thunder Bay, where Keeping lives, is seeking $500 million in damages for negligence, breach of fiduciary duty and vicarious liability, as well as $100 million in punitive damages. Lawyers who filed the claim believe there could be thousands of class members.
The two years they spent in training school had a profound effect on their life, said Keeping, 64. “I just spiralled down for many years in my life. It was a roller-coaster ride trying to hold down jobs, trying to have a family and live normal. It was a hard thing.”
“The repercussions (of training school) were unreal in my life,” said representative plaintiff Kirk Keeping, who was sent at age 15 to a training school in Bowmanville, where they say they were forced into sexual acts with male and female staff members and suffered frequent beatings.
The schools were residential institutions operated by the province to house children between the ages of 8 and 16 who were deemed by the courts to be “incorrigible” or difficult to control. Children could be sent to training school without having committed any crime. Truancy, running away from home, or even begging could land a child at any one of the province's more than a dozen institutions.
A proposed class action lawsuit has been launched against the Ontario government alleging horrific sexual, physical and psychological abuse perpetrated on former students of the province's “training schools” between 1931 and 1984.
A recent Star investigation found that the province has secretly settled 220 lawsuits launched by individual former training school residents. As a condition of settlement, victims had to sign confidentiality agreements — “gag orders,” as some former residents called them — to receive financial compensation.
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Attorney General said it would be inappropriate to comment “as this matter is subject to litigation.”
“Training schools contained a toxic environment in which degrading and humiliating treatment of children in the Crown's care was the norm, physical, sexual, and psychological abuse was rampant, and residents of training schools were systematically denied their dignity and basic human rights,” reads the claim, filed in court Friday, which lists 14 training institutions operated by the province. “Through the Crown's systemic negligence and breach of fiduciary duty, this improper conduct continued for decades.”
The Star also found that two provincial officials warned of student mistreatment at the hands of training school staff and teachers, but that the province appeared to have ignored these warnings.
Keeping, the representative plaintiff, told the Star a judge sent them to Pine Ridge training school in Bowmanville in 1968, not for committing any crime, but for simply for being a “wild boy with a slingshot in their pocket.”
The statement of claim alleges that they were assigned to work in Pine Ridge's kitchen, where they were taken into a back room by a female staffer who performed oral sex on them and touched their genitals. The staffer then allegedly took Keeping, who was a virgin, into a large cooler and had sex with him.
The claim also states that they were sent to work at the school's dairy farm to milk cows. After a few weeks, a male employee known only as “Jake” became friendly with Keeping, giving them tobacco, rolling papers and matches. One night, Jake called Keeping down to the farm and performed oral sex on him, the claim alleges. Jake then told Keeping they would show them “how girls got pregnant,” and then jumped on Keeping and “performed simulated sex.”
The sexual abuse continued for the next several weeks, Keeping alleges. They also say they saw Jake touch the genitals of other residents. Keeping also alleges that staff would put them in a locker and hit them with running shoes when they misbehaved.
They say they are participating in the class action because they want to hold the government to account for “the damage that was done to a lot of us.”
“(The staff) had too much authority … we were very vulnerable. We were wide open for them to do as they chose,” Keeping said.
Among the other abuses against training school residents that the lawsuit alleges: lengthy punishments in solitary confinement, known as “the hole”; being denied access to the washroom, thus forcing residents to soil themselves; and, being made to scrub floors with toothbrushes. In addition, the claim alleges that staff members were unqualified and improperly supervised.
Jonathan Ptak, a partner at the firm Koskie Miskie and the lead lawyer on the claim, said it could take as long as a year for a judge to hear evidence and make a decision on whether to certify the case as a class action proceeding.
“We hope to be able to shine a light on this chapter in history, which is really a shameful one in respect of how Ontario has treated its most vulnerable children in its care,” Ptak said. “And we're hoping for institutional change and behavioural change with respect to these kinds of circumstances and places in the future as well.”
If the suit is certified, Ptak said, notice will be then given to the class in various forms, such as ads in newspapers and other media so that former students can opt out of the class action if they wish.
But some lawyers who practise in sexual assault law have raised concerns that class action lawsuits may not be the best vehicles for survivors.
Loretta Merritt, a Toronto lawyer who focuses on sexual and physical abuse law, said the requirement for victims to “opt out” of a class action lawsuit is problematic.
“If class members don't opt out by a date specified by the court, they are deemed to be included, even if they don't know about the lawsuit or don't feel ready to come forward with their experiences,” said Merritt, who has filed dozens of individual lawsuits on behalf of former training school residents alleging sexual abuse. “Once a class action finishes, the law states that those who did not opt out and didn't participate are now barred from pursuing an individual claim.”
They noted that the requirement to come forward by a specific time in class actions runs counter to the province's decision in March 2016 to eliminate limitation periods for civil sexual assault claims.
“It's a conflict in the law that denies abuse survivors access to justice.”
The magistrate court has given a jail sentence to two senior citizens after they were convicted of abusing a dog two years ago. The two men were identified as Wong Then Yoong, 67, and Aw Soon Fatt, 66.
The duo was charged under Section 44 (1) (d) of the Animals Act 1953 after they dragged the chained dog for a distance of 2.3 kilometres along Jalan Batu Sinar in Bandar Baru Kampar on November 11, 2016.
The dog suffered immensely at the hands of the unemployed men, who were dependent on their children.
During the hearing, the counsel representing the duo said that the men were ashamed of their act. They said that they were about to abandon the dog and didn't intend to kill it. They also said that due to age and health, just levying fine is appropriate.
On the other hand, deputy public prosecutor requested a heavy sentence so that no one dares to repeat the act.
This is not the first time that Wong and Aw were charged. In 2016, the duo was sentenced to a month in jail and fined RM200 by the Magistrate's Court.
In Malaysia, Muslim clerics often cite Islamic scriptures to state that dogs are unclean and they should be kept out of man's touch. When an animal lover tried to launch a campaign three years ago on Facebook under the title "I want to touch a dog', they faced more than 3,000 threats from across the country.
Read more
Kahn warns Ancelotti they are 'under observation' at Bavaria
Carlo Ancelotti needs to prove themselves this season, while Bayern Munich may have to up their spending, according to club great Oliver Kahn.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 19:23 IST
Bayern Munich coach Carlo Ancelotti
Former Bayern Munich goalkeeper Oliver Kahn says head coach Carlo Ancelotti will be "under observation" this season and has warned the club they must start to spend big to remain among European football's elite.
Bayern won their fifth successive Bundesliga title in Ancelotti's first campaign in charge last term but exited the Champions League in the quarter-finals, losing 6-3 on aggregate to eventual winners Real Madrid.
The Italian has overseen an unconvincing 2017-18 pre-season, Bayern needing penalties to defeat Borussia Dortmund earlier this month following a 2-2 draw in the DFL-Supercup.
Although they dispatched third-tier side Chemnitzer 5-0 in the DFB-Pokal, Kahn knows Ancelotti still has plenty to prove in Germany, despite their impressive record with the likes of AC Milan, Chelsea, Paris Saint-Germain and Madrid.
"Of course Carlo Ancelotti is under observation," they told Kicker.
"The benchmark is the Champions League, as with [Ancelotti's predecessor] Pep Guardiola, but also, the integration of young players into the team is a criterion."
Of some poor friendly results, including losses to Napoli, Liverpool, Inter and Milan, Kahn said: "If, according to my experience, the preparations were very bumpy, this also carried on into the season."
Bavaria broke their transfer record to sign Corentin Tolisso from Lyon for €41.5million in June and captured James Rodriguez on a cost-effective two-year loan move from Ancelotti's former side Madrid.
The outlay for Tolisso appears insignificant compared to the extraordinary sum of €222m Paris Saint-Germain parted with to prise Neymar away from Barcelona.
Bavaria president Uli Hoeness has made no secret of their distaste for the state of the inflated transfer market, but Kahn has warned their old side they may have to be willing to increase their expenditure to retain a competitive advantage in the Champions League.
"If Bayern want to be among the three, four best teams in Europe, there is no way around [the fact] that they have to get involved with the very big transfers," they said.
And Kahn also feels their former club's sustained dominance of the Bundesliga could make it more difficult to attract star talent from elsewhere.
"It is not harmless for Bavaria if the competition for the championship in the league remains so unbalanced," they said.
"If the German championship is nothing special anymore, it would make me, as a player, no longer have fun. This is why [the] competition has to become stronger.
"In Spain and England the favourite teams fight hard for the title."
Bayern opens the Bundesliga season at home to Bayer Leverkusen on Friday.
Former Champions League referee Tagliavento to manage Ternana
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 81 // 04 Jul 2018, 15:51 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Former referee and new Ternana team manager Paolo Tagliavento
Former Champions League and Serie A referee Paolo Tagliavento has been appointed team manager of Serie C club Ternana.
Tagliavento, who was born in Terni, retired from officiating in May after 14 years in Italy's top flight, during which time they spent a decade as a FIFA and UEFA referee.
They infamously disallowed a goal by Sulley Muntari in AC Milan's 1-1 draw with Juventus in February 2012 that proved to be a defining moment in the Scudetto race that year – a decision they described as their "most obvious mistake".
The 45-year old, who previously worked as a hairdresser, oversaw 28 Champions League matches and 32 in the Europa League, but will remain in football with their hometown club.
A statement on Ternana's official website said: "Ternana is pleased to announce the arrival into its senior management of Paolo Tagliavento.
"[He] has always been a profound connoisseur of Italian and European football.
"Tagliavento has immediately established a positive relationship with the club, especially with the president Stefano Ranucci, with whom mutual esteem and a sharing of views immediately emerged."
Ternana were relegated from Serie B in 2017-18 after finishing rock bottom with just seven wins from 42 league matches.
ACT UP At 30: Reinvigorated For Trump Fight
Enlarge this image toggle caption The New York Historical Society/Getty Images The New York Historical Society/Getty Images
Donald Trump's presidency is less than three months old, but in that time there have been massive turnouts for the Women's March and for Tax Day protests in cities across the country demanding that Trump release their returns. This coming Saturday, on Earth Day, scores of March for Science protests are expected.
Helping to guide these actions are veteran activists with the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power — better known as ACT UP. Thirty years after the coalition's founding, some seasoned activists are dusting off their bullhorns and updating their direct-action playbooks to tap into the new wave of activism energized by opposition to Trump's policies.
Founded in 1987, ACT UP never settled for trying to push change quietly or behind the scenes.
It was loud, demanding and in-your-face with telegenic direct action, a protest that got serious attention and, occasionally, laughs.
Like the time members engulfed the suburban Virginia home of their nemesis, the late Republican Sen. Jesse Helms of North Carolina, in a giant canvas condom that read "Helms Is Deadlier Than A Virus."
Or when ACT UP members posed as news executives and bum-rushed Dan Rather during a live broadcast of the CBS Evening News at the start of the Gulf War.
Then there was the time they stormed the National Institutes of Health, pushing for changes in AIDS research, funding and clinical trials. Over an NIH foyer, activists unfurled a giant banner with their logo and slogan: Silence=Death.
I'm "the snarky, Machiavellian dude behind the Silence=Death image," New York artist and writer Avram Finkelstein says with a chuckle.
That slogan — black and white with a pink triangle — presaged the formation of the radical AIDS advocacy group ACT UP. The slogan helped change the way the world looked at AIDS. At one point, Silence=Death was the most powerful protest slogan around. It became an iconic backdrop to the group's chant for "ACT UP, FIGHT BACK, FIGHT AIDS!"
Now, at 65, Finkelstein is one of several ACT UP veterans from the 1980s and '90s who today are helping shepherd new protesters, training and strategizing, including the anti-Trump collective Rise and Resist.
"Many people are younger people who work with organizations that were formed by ACT UP. Or were in ACT UP themselves," they say.
They recently led a teach-in on design and imagery for Rise and Resist.
YouTube
"All of the civil disobedience training is being done by the same exact people who did them at ACT UP," Finkelstein says. "So here is this perfect cross-section of this moment. Here is an intergenerational activist organization. And its meetings are in the community center a spitting distance from where the original ACT UP meetings took place."
In January, Rise and Resist took one of its first actions: Scores of members booked brunch reservations at restaurants in several Trump-owned properties including Trump Tower. Over eggs Benedict in the crowded eateries, protesters began to cough and cough some more. The "cough-in" protesters held up signs saying "Trumpcare is making us sick."
"That's the kind of mediagenic sort of action that ACT UP used to needle their opponent," says filmmaker and writer David France, who is behind the book and film How To Survive A Plague. "And Trump is an easy target for needling, and they're working on trying to exploit that weakness of his. The more time they spend in the early morning hours fashioning their tweets in response to perceived slights, the less time they have to advance their agenda."
Enlarge this image toggle caption New York Daily News Archive/NY Daily News via Getty Images New York Daily News Archive/NY Daily News via Getty Images
France and others note that the feeling of total powerlessness in the face of Trump and Republican control of Washington echoes the early days of the AIDS crisis.
"Younger generations, the millennials, and even Gen X and Gen Y, have the sense of never having had power, really," France says. "And it's kind of a learning experience for them to realize that there were times in history when others felt the same, and were yet not dispirited by it but found a way to plow through it and find that power."
ACT UP was certainly not immune to internal fissures and strategic stumbles. Some members broke off into subgroups. But ACT UP remained steadfast in its strategy of being bold, persistent and willing to be unpopular to foster change. It's a template Rise and Resist is trying to emulate, France says.
toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP
"I think what they're doing, especially at Rise and Resist, is taking those tactics and strategies and bringing them to the modern era, and making them appropriate for the particular struggles being faced today," they say.
Grass-roots anger at Trump's policies has galvanized protesters on the left, including many new to political action.
While ACT UP is best-known for its direct-action protests, the group's potency came from a clear-eyed strategy and its well-organized committees, says Maxine Wolfe — another veteran gay-rights activist from ACT UP's earliest days who are now involved in Rise and Resist.
ACT UP had committees on health, research, PR, housing and more. They did their homework, Wolfe says, and helped ACT UP create a potent "inside-outside" strategy: demanding a seat of power alongside politicians and Big Pharma while keeping pressure up through creative street protests. The strategy helped turn HIV from a death sentence to a manageable condition.
"We had a women's committee, a people of color committee, the treatment and data committee," Wolfe recalls. "We lobbied peoples, we did civil disobedience. The idea there was that you could use not a huge number of people but a varied playbook," they say. "And [you] would keep coming at it until we won. Which we did."
What's not clear just a few months into Trump's presidency is which tactics and actions by Trump "resisters" will actually have an impact on public opinion and policy. There are sharp tactical disagreements within the inchoate grass-roots opposition to Trump's policies over what might prove most effective and sustainable.
Go with massive rallies or small, direct actions? Focus on urban population centers or the rural and suburban swing areas that helped elect Trump?
There are ongoing Trump boycott efforts such as Grab Your Wallet as well as the get-off-the couch group Run For Something.
"It's the movements that are willing to take risks and willing to do bold action over time that are the most successful," says writer and activist L.A. Kauffman, author of Direct Action: Protest and the Reinvention of American Radicalism.
"Obviously you can't stay in crisis mode and at a fever pitch for year after year," they add, "but I see a lot of people recognizing that this is the long haul. What the movements are doing together is creating a crisis for the Trump administration, and in so doing, managing to slow down some of the worst of the harm."
While ACT UP's activism centered on an array of complex issues, the central focus of HIV and AIDS was a unifying and organizing force. But anger at Trump is broad, diffuse and across a range of issues from health care to climate change.
"It's a different animal — there's not one single thing to organize against," Wolfe says. "What we need is how to sustain focus. You can't just do one action, let's say, against [senior presidential adviser Steve] Bannon. You have to do many such actions."
"We know now that nominally democratic governments don't have to listen to social protests," says activist and writer Micah White, who helped launch the Occupy Wall Street protests. "You can get 4 million people into the streets and there is no requirement in our Constitution or in our laws that the president has to listen. He's able to say, 'Thanks. Now go home.' And they go home."
White now advocates a rural, Internet-enabled progressive movement where activists get elected to local offices and prove they can govern.
"As social protesters, we need to stop with this naive belief that if we just get more people into the streets, then we'll get what we want. It's not true!" White says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Lennihan/AP Mark Lennihan/AP
Finkelstein notes that they did not come up with the Silence=Death logo quickly on the back of a napkin one night over a beer. It was, they say, a deliberative, iterative process with five friends that took about six months to produce.
 They are not against big marches like January's massive Women's March in cities across America and the world, or the upcoming Earth Day March for Science.
But their lesson from creating the iconic ACT UP logo: There is tremendous power in smaller actions that can reverberate in unexpected ways.
"If that million people were broken into small groups of four and five, think of the power that could have," Finkelstein says. "Pussy Riot was four people with a boombox, and it totally changed the way we thought about Putin's administration."
Rise and Resist and several other anti-Trump groups are still groping, in these early days, with which tactics might have a real impact with a famously media-savvy mogul turned president, who may be thin-skinned but knows how to punch back.
"A lot of supersmart people that I know are so distracted by the scorching lava flow of Trump's campaign, and now their first days in office, that they seem to be unable to think strategically about it," Finkelstein says. "That surprises me, frankly. The toolbox for doing so is right in front of us."
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CLARKS SUMMIT — The Abington Heights School District is keeping the community up to date on their side of the continuing teachers contract negotiations.
The district's website now includes a section dedicated to the negotiations. If a teachers strike announced for Sept. 12 lasts “the maximum length allowed by law,” part of the website reads, the last day for the 2017-18 school year could be pushed from June 7 to June 15.
Two negotiation sessions are scheduled before the strike date. The school board meets Wednesday at 6 p.m. in the administration boardroom, 200 E. Grove St.
For more details, visit www.ahsd.org. For the union's proposal, visit Abington Heights Education Association on Facebook.
— KATHLEEN BOLUS
America's top military chief arrived in Seoul today as South Korea's president warned that peace on the peninsula would not be achieved by force. Before meeting with Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the US joint chiefs of staff, President Moon said that they expected the United States to “react calmly and responsibly” to North Korea's threats. thetimes 1:05:00 PM CEST
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Not may of us will ever know the tingle of excitement you get turning left on the plane rather than right.
Behind the First Class curtain it's another world - and one few of us can afford without saving for many, many years.
It's no wonder there's a raft of advice on how to achieve aviation nirvana and get a free upgrade telling us to arrive either really early or really late, sit near a baby, or check-in with a broken limb.
All of these, however, come with massive drawbacks. There is in fact a much simpler and little-known rule which could guarantee an upgrade.
It's to do with your chair.
Rick Brown, author of the book 'Kiss My Baggage Fees! How To Be A Savvy Travel Hacker', knows their stuff, according to the Daily Mirror.
Their tip is if your seat is in some way faulty or broken (this includes the seatbelt), then you're allowed to ask for a new one.
They told news.com.au : "If your seat is broken, you can request a new seat.
"If one is not available in economy, they have to put you in first."
Of course, this tip isn't without its flaws.
First, your seat has to have something wrong with it. Secondly, there may be a seat available in economy.
However, The Points Guy has confirmed this is a legitimate rule.
They told Life Hacker : "I've been on several packed flights where passengers had broken coach seats and were reassigned to business or first since they were the only seats left.
"This is luck of the draw, though."
Here's what to watch as the National League Division Series get underway.
Bryce Harper vs. their timing
The slugger is back in the lineup after returning from a knee and calf injury, but in the last days of the regular season, they still seemed to be searching for their timing. They had three hits in 18 at-bats, with no extra-base hits, two walks and seven strikeouts. As the Nationals begin this series, they will continue to be something of a wild card.
The Cubs will assess Harper's swing and adjust their pitching plan as the series progresses, but for now, there does not appear to be a reason for Joe Maddon to have their staff pitch around Harper, in the way that they did early in the 2016 season. Harper will probably get some pitches to hit in this series.
Trea Turner vs. Willson Contreras
The Nationals' shortstop is one of a handful of elite base-stealers, with the speed, acumen and special competitive arrogance needed to run successfully even when opposing teams know that he's going to go. They have 46 steals in 54 attempts this year, and in their career, they have 81 steals in 97 attempts, an excellent ratio for someone so young. (It's probably not a coincidence that Washington's first base coach is Davey Lopes, who is generally viewed as the base-stealer whisperer -- someone who sees tells in what pitchers do and goads their charges into taking bases).
Turner will have to run, however, against Willson Contreras, who might have the strongest throwing arm of any catcher in baseball -- so powerful that he'll throw out runners even when working with pitchers slower in their delivery. When Arrieta worked with Miguel Montero in seven starts, opponents swiped 12 bases in 12 attempts; in 16 games with Contreras, runners tried to steal only eight times and were thrown out on three.
In a close game, Turner will look to run, to alter the game with their speed, and Contreras will be looking for the opportunity to throw. These two players have extreme confidence in their particular skills.
Jake Arrieta and Max Scherzer vs. their hamstrings
The two Cy Young Award winners have developed their excellence through a devotion to diligent physical training, and their regimens have constructed the foundations of unusual deliveries. Arrieta is 6-foot-4 and weighs something in the range of 225 pounds and throws with a crossfire motion, stepping toward the third base dugout as they drive fastballs homeward. Scherzer seems to throw as hard as they possibly can on every pitch, grunting in their effort; earlier in their baseball life, the sheer violence of their delivery scared teams away (to their regret later).
For either of these pitchers to have a breakdown in their physical machinery is a major concern, because of their respective effort levels in how they pitch. That could be why the Cubs backed up Arrieta in their rotation, and the Nationals pushed Scherzer back, with Stephen Strasburg starting Game 1. The clubs don't know if they will hold up from start to start. Given the limits of the remaining calendar, it may be that the best that teams can hope for is for Arrieta and Scherzer to give them one quality outing in each series -- and that they can get through five or six innings.
Stephen Strasburg vs. the weather
When it's hot and miserable, Strasburg's face reddens and it's as if all the moisture drains out of him. They grew up in Southern California, in a place of lower humidity, and whether it's because of this background or because of their DNA, Strasburg has long struggled to stay hydrated on bad days. The Nationals must be a little relieved, then, that the series against the Cubs is the stuff of prime time and Strasburg's start in Game 1 (and any other start in this series) will be in the evening, after the setting of the sun.
With Scherzer hurting, Strasburg becomes the most important player on the Washington roster. The Nationals must win at least one of their starts, and on paper, they seemingly have an advantage on the days when Strasburg pitches, so long as they can get through their work without having the heat-related problems that have shortened a lot of their past outings.
The Nationals vs. the onus of history
The Cubs played better down the stretch and separated themselves from the pack in the NL Central to reach the postseason in the first year after they won the World Series, and they seem to be entering this October tournament pressure-free. There is no more talk about billy goats or bearing the hopes of generations of Cubs fans or 108 years without a title.
The Nationals, on the other hand, enter this year's playoffs with a countdown clock hanging over them. Harper is only 13 months from reaching free agency, and it may be that this particular group of Washington players have only two more Octobers together -- after a lot of recent playoff frustration. The Nationals reached the postseason in 2012, in the season in which Strasburg was shut down, and they were knocked out in the Division Series. They got back to the playoffs in 2014, and once again, they didn't get through the first round. Last year, they had an epic five-game battle with the Dodgers in the Division Series, and lost.
Washington has a lot of great players, including some future Hall of Famers, and they've been demonstrably better than the Cubs during the regular season. But for the first time in a long time, the Cubs can say this: Their success and postseason experience will be a weapon, against a team that is desperate for its first October success.
The Cubs vs. their defensive limitations
In 2016, the Cubs were an historically great defensive team, with 82 Defensive Runs Saved, 31 more than the second-best team. This year, the Cubs ranked fifth among 30 teams, with 30 Defensive Runs Saved, and Maddon has some imperfect defensive options to chose from -- especially in the outfield. Jon Jay finished the season strongly at the plate, but they are limited as an outfielder. Ian Happ had a tremendous rookie performance, but Happ, an infielder for most of their time in pro ball, tends to make mistakes in reading fly balls when they play center. Only two outfielders rated lower than Kyle Schwarber in Defensive Runs Saved -- Matt Kemp and Khris Davis. Zobrist, 36, will catch what they can get to, but like Jay, he's not a plus defender. Zobrist played only 360 innings in the outfield this season, and yet ranks in the bottom third in Defensive Runs Saved.
Kris Bryant vs. Sean Doolittle
As some evaluators debated the wisdom of the recent industry obsession with launch angle, Bryant has always been held out as a outlier. As a child, they built an uppercut into their swing -- they liked the idea of hitting home runs, they recalled, and was rewarded for them by their grandfather -- and so they have the ability to get to pitches in the upper half of the strike zone and lift them.
Doolittle also is an outlier. They probably work near or at the top of the strike zone as much as any reliever in baseball, an attack plan of extreme success. In 30 innings with the Nationals, he's allowed just 21 hits and eight walks, with 31 strikeouts and an ERA of 2.40.
If Doolittle and Bryant face each other, it will be a test of opposing strengths: Doolittle's northern-hemisphere fastball against Bryant's powerful uppercut.
Robbie Ray vs. the wild-card game ripples
David Dennis/Icon Sportswire
As they dominated the Dodgers in the final six games between the two teams, outscoring L.A. 40-13 while going 6-0, it seemed the Diamondbacks were setting up an ideal situation for themselves: If they won the wild-card game with Zack Greinke, then Ray -- a lefty who totally dominated the Dodgers in four outings during the regular season -- could start Game 1 against Clayton Kershaw and then perhaps Game 4.
But Greinke was knocked out early in the wild card and Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo had to call on Ray to help beat the Rockies. Now Ray won't start Game 1; rather, he's likely to get the ball for Game 2 and, if necessary, Game 5. It's not what the Diamondbacks would've preferred, and additionally, Greinke's quick exit from the wild-card game raises even more questions about their fade late in the season. Arizona is dangerous against the Dodgers, but there may be a clear advantage with the Dodgers' rotation as this series begins.
The Dodgers vs. the 7th- and 8th-inning bullpen challenges
Dave Roberts' team ran away with the NL West, despite the late-season slump, and their bullpen has been really good. Its ERA of 3.38 was the fourth best in baseball. But at the end of the season, the Dodgers' relief situation in front of closer Kenley Jansen seemed surprisingly unsettled, with Ross Stripling, Tony Watson, Tony Cingrani, Pedro Baez, Josh Fields and Walker Buehler all auditioning for various roles. The Dodgers' depth was an enormous advantage for them all season, but interestingly, in the postseason L.A. might revert back to the old-school formula of relying on starting pitchers to get as as deep into the game as possible, with the last three to six outs turned over to Jansen.
Brandon Morrow was a strong option for the Dodgers all season and they could play a crucial bridge role this month, with their 100 mph fastball. Morrow did not allow a run in their last nine appearances of the regular season, and they surrendered a run in just one outing after Aug. 12.
Fernando Rodney vs. the Dodgers' hitters
There's no getting around this: In an October filled with the best relievers in baseball, Rodney is the hope-and-pray closer of this postseason, and in a big spot, they might need some Pixie Dust to get through the Dodgers' lineup. They pitched 8 1/3 innings against the Dodgers in 10 games, allowing eight hits, seven walks and eight runs, for an 8.64 ERA. In their brief career, Corey Seager is 3-for-4 against Rodney; Justin Turner is 2-for-4, Yasiel Puig is 3-for-8. Arizona could probably use as much padding as possible for those times when Rodney is called on to close out the Dodgers.
Clayton Kershaw vs. J.D. Martinez
Kershaw is perhaps the greatest pitcher of all time, and coming off another excellent season -- and he's left-handed. Martinez has destroyed left-handed pitching this season, batting .376 with an .892 slugging percentage. Seriously, that is not a misprint: 10 doubles, 1 triple and 12 homers in 93 at-bats against lefties, with a 1.356 OPS. In Martinez's career against Kershaw, he's 3-for-8, with a double, a home run and a walk.
Washington — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today.”
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and “totally disputed in most cases.” It said “the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes.”
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement “laughable.”
Crooks said of sexual misconduct: “I think politicians seem to be immune to this.”
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. “We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, ‘Meh, we don't care,' it hurt.”
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again.
“The environment's different,” Holvey said. “Let's try again.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iSsoUO
We'll finally get to know why the Note 7 blew up.
Shortly after discontinuing the Note 7 in October, Samsung launched an investigation to identify the root cause behind the fires. Samsung initially thought the battery was at fault, which is why it recalled the initial batch of Note 7 units and restarted sales with batteries from another supplier. When those phones also started to explode, the company had to discontinue the device altogether.
According to South Korean daily JoongAng Ilbo, Samsung has concluded its investigation, and will reveal the results of the probe by mid-January. A combination of factors is said to have contributed to the failure of the phone, and Samsung will be looking to share the findings as a way to regain much-need consumer trust and ensure it doesn't do the same mistakes again.
The interim order bars Mabuza from using their position to:
• Directly or indirectly incite or instruct government departments‚ state institutions‚ parastatals‚ government officials or land claimants from stopping or sabotaging Daniel's business by‚ among other things‚ withholding permits;
• Engage in activities that may be perceived to influence the decision-making body of any institution‚ parastatal or government body that negatively influences their administrative duties;
• Allow any civil servant to falsify minutes and reports or instruct the police to destroy official government documents;
• Interfere with the private life of Daniel‚ their family and staff; and
• Insult‚ intimidate or abuse Daniel.
Daniel believes Mabuza is behind a smear and sabotage campaign against them because of a multi-billion rand land claims scam‚ which they blew the whistle on in May 2004.
Daniel claims the scam had the blessing of Mabuza when they were Mpumalanga's MEC for Land and Agriculture.
It allegedly involved landowners being forced to sell at below market value‚ before the land was sold back to community trusts at inflated prices.
Daniel has a R2.5-billion lawsuit in the North Gauteng High Court against Mabuza and officials in several Mpumalanga government departments‚ including the provincial tourism and parks agency.
The lawsuit involves the loss of business because the province refused to grant them permits to operate a luxury nature reserve‚ marketed as the gateway to one of South Africa's most pristine biodiversity areas located between Barberton and Bapsfontein.
Mabuza has vowed to fight the matter‚ which has now drawn in the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse (Outa).
Mabuza's spokesperson‚ Zibonele Mncwango‚ disputed allegations that the premier was behind a campaign to drive Daniel out of business and off their land.
"The premier will surely challenge the court interdict because the reasons advanced in this order are baseless. The alleged intimidation of Daniel by the premier‚ and the manner in which this matter is presented‚ is viewed as an abuse of court processes.
"Any insinuations that the premier‚ both in their government and political role‚ has influenced the decisions of government institutions to disadvantage Daniel are not true. These are malicious allegations against the premier intended to tarnish their image. The premier has sought legal advice in this regard‚ therefore they cannot comment any further‚" said Mncwango.
Daniel claims they have proof of Mabuza's involvement in the campaign against him‚ including phone records. "These records show how the premier phoned me and threatened me."
Daniel said they had obtained the protection order‚ one of several they have had issued against various Mpumalanga officials‚ to ensure a mediation process currently underway between them and several provincial officials was not disrupted.
They said the mediation had started last week and so far gone smoothly.
"The mediation was ordered by the courts last year. It is about mending bridges‚ about ensuring that this rampant abuse is stopped in its tracks once and for all."
Daniel said the abuse and harassment that they had suffered‚ allegedly at the behest of Mabuza‚ had resulted in their farmlands and buildings being set alight‚ game fences destroyed‚ fraudulent search and seizure warrants‚ game illegally confiscated‚ tourists at their resort attacked‚ death threats to their family‚ harassment of their staff and intimidation of witnesses in cases they had against Mabuza.
"I got this protection order because I feel I need to be protected from this man who has declared war on me. The war has been to run me out of town and off my land‚" Daniel said.
The last thing they had wanted to do was to go to war with Mabuza. "I have much better things to do‚ especially given how dangerous this man is."
Outa chief executive Wayne Duvenage said the organisation was concerned about political interference‚ intimidation and unruly conduct‚ which allegedly pointed to corruption and self-interest benefits for Mabuza.
"If the facts of the investigations underway prove that Mabuza knows of‚ or was party to fake land claims and other instances of abuse of authority on their watch as the premier‚ then they may very well be implicated in wrongdoing and must be held accountable for their actions‚” they said.
"What is more disconcerting to us is the subsequent abuse and alleged harassment of the whistle-blower‚ which clearly indicates the challenges faced by individuals who refuse to succumb to corruption.
"Outa will be investigating the claims made and will assist in uncovering any undue abuse of tax payers moneys in this regard."
Source: TMG Digital.
UNITED NATIONS, Dec 10 (APP): The United Nations kicked off in Paris a year-long campaign to honour the foundational human rights document, which next year marks its 70th anniversary.
Since the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948, human rights have been one of the three pillars of the United Nations, along with peace and development, Secretary-General Ant Guterres said in their message for Human Rights Day, annually observed on Dec. 10.
As one of the world's most profound and far-reaching international agreements, the Universal Declaration proclaimed the inalienable rights of every human being regardless of race, colour, religion, sex, language, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status. It is the most translated document in the world, available in more than 500 languages.
Guterres noted that while human rights abuses did not end when the Universal Declaration was adopted, the instrument has helped countless people to gain greater freedom and security, and has also helped to prevent violations, obtain justice for wrongs, and strengthen national and international human rights laws and safeguards.
Despite these advances, the fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration are being tested in all regions, they said, citing rising hostility towards human rights and those who defend them by people who want to profit from exploitation and division.
We see hatred, intolerance, atrocities and other crimes. These actions imperil us all, they said, urging people and leaders everywhere to stand up for all human rights“ civil, political, economic, social and cultural “ and for the values that underpin hopes for a fairer, safer and better world for all.
The year-long campaign began at Palais de Chaillot in Paris on Sunday, with an event also to be held on Monday at UN Headquarters in New York. UN Information Centres around the world also launched commemorative activities.
For their part, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein said that thanks to the Universal Declaration, the daily life of millions has been improved, untold human suffering has been prevented and the foundations for a more just world have been laid.
“While its promise is yet to be fulfilled, the very fact that it has stood the test of time is testament to the enduring universality of its perennial values of equality, justice and human dignity, they said.
The period leading up to 10 December 2018, the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declaration, will be a year of intense and profound reflection on the continuing and vital importance of each and every one of the 30 articles contained in this extraordinary document.
Today, as World War II and the Holocaust grow distant, that awareness appears to be evaporating at an alarming rate, and the enormous progress that has been achieved through progressive enactment of human rights principles, as laid out in the Universal Declaration, is being increasingly forgotten or willfully ignored, Zeid said.
They said it is right to honour its achievements and pay tribute to its inspired architects on the 70th anniversary year, but we should be under no illusions: the legacy of the Universal Declaration is facing threats on many fronts.
We must organize and mobilize in defence of human decency, in defence of a better common future We must take a robust and determined stand: by resolutely supporting the human rights of others, we also stand up for our own rights and those of generations to come, they said.
It's time to hand out my weekly awards:
PLAYER OF THE WEEK
Dillon Brooks, Oregon Ducks
They averaged 25.5 PPG in two wins. Brooks hit the winning shot against UCLA.
TEAM OF THE WEEK
Oregon Ducks
The Ducks beat a pair of previously-unbeaten teams: UCLA and USC.
COACH OF THE WEEK
Tim Miles, Nebraska Cornhuskers
The Cornhuskers won at Indiana and at Maryland.
SHOCK OF THE WEEK
Georgia Tech over North Carolina
The Yellow Jackets stunned the Tar Heels in the ACC opener.
DIAPER DANDY OF THE WEEK
josh Okogie, Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets
The 6-foot-4 Diaper Dandy had 26 points in the upset of North Carolina.
I mean, at least the box looks cool.
The Razer Phone is not a perfect smartphone, but for Razer's first attempt at entering this market, it could have been a lot worse. The 120Hz display and ridiculously good front-facing speakers are the Razer Phone's two highlights, but when you turn the device over, you end up with a pretty bland design. However, in honor of the Spring Festival / Chinese New Year, Razer is launching a limited gold edition of the phone.
As exciting as they may sound at first, this new version of the Razer Phone is mostly unchanged from the original. The Razer logo on the back now features a gold paint job as opposed to gray, but aside from that, everything else about the phone is the same.
Razer is also including a red and gold box that's awfully eye-catching, and it's unfortunate a similar paint job didn't make its way to the Razer Phone itself. Along with this, Razer's also throwing in a few gold stickers with the company's logo if you're into that sort of thing.
On the plus side, the limited gold edition costs the same $699 as the regular version. That's still a pretty penny to spend, but I'm at least thankful Razer didn't increase the price just for the tweaked paint job.
The limited gold edition of the Razer Phone will be sold at retail stores for wireless carrier 3 in Hong Kong, in addition to the Razer Store for both Hong Kong and the United States.
See at Razer
NBCUniversal ad-sales chief Linda Yaccarino spent much of their company's upfront presentation this month throwing shade at Facebook and YouTube. With NBCUniversal, Yaccarino told the assembled ad buyers at Radio City Music Hall, “your brand always runs next to premium content. Other brands can't guarantee that.”
They then introduced a lengthy and loud performance featuring the stars of NBC's “World of Dance,” among them Jennifer Lopez.
The production illustrated Yaccarino's point, as well as the growing role unscripted programming plays at NBC. A day earlier, the network unveiled a 2018-19 schedule that leaned heavily into unscripted franchises, including those, like “World of Dance” — whose second season premieres May 29 — that hail from the company's still-growing Universal Television Alternative Studio. Just two years old, the studio has become an increasingly important content engine for the network, one that the larger unscripted community has begun to warm to.
“I can't overstate how powerful having a brand like ‘World of Dance' affiliated with the studio is,” UTAS president Meredith Ahr told Variety. “It certainly helped us define our culture and what we stand for and our processes, how we go about everything from creating and refining formats to building teams to working with global partners and creating world-class productions.”
Related 5 Takeaways From NBCUniversal's Upfront Madison Ave. Gets Sticker Shock Over NBCU's New Primetime Ad Plan (EXCLUSIVE)
NBC formed UTAS in 2016, with network veteran Ahr taking charge of the studio under reality chief Paul Telegdy. “World of Dance” was an early success, premiering last summer and averaging a solid 1.8 rating in the 18-49 demographic, according to Nielsen's live-plus-same-day numbers.
The show has established itself as a key part of NBC's summer schedule. More important, it's a franchise that NBC, through UTAS, owns and controls the fate of. The first international version of the series is already in production in Thailand. A Polish iteration is also in the works.
The model of developing series for U.S. television, then monetizing them over the long tail has been for years the default path for scripted broadcast programming. UTAS is an experiment in whether that model can work in unscripted. Ahr, Telegdy and NBC entertainment chairperson Bob Greenblatt first discussed the idea in early 2016, and were hanging the shingle four months later. The biggest goal was to develop the next game-changing format, and make sure not only that it found its way to NBC's air but that NBC would own and be able to exploit it everywhere.
“The really big formats, if you look at history, they only came around every five years or so,” Ahr said. “We had the last one, which is ‘The Voice,' and we weren't patient enough to wait around for another five years hoping that the next one would come to us.”
UTAS' NBC slate includes “World of Dance,” LeBron James and Chris Hardwick's “The Wall,” Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman's “Making It” and the upcoming Dwayne Johnson competition series “The Titan Games.”
The studio has yet, however, to deliver a killer-app reality hit on the same plain as “The Voice.” It's next big bet is “The Titan Games,” an athletic competition hosted by Johnson, who is a exec produces with business partner Dany Garcia. The show was born of Ahr and Telegdy's desire to create a companion to “American Ninja Warrior” — whose creator, Arthur Smith, also exec produces “The Titan Games.” It was developed with Johnson in mind, long before the star was approached about the project.
“For us, Dwayne was the face of the show, even though we hadn't talked to them yet,” Ahr said. The series will premiere in January, part of a strategy that will see NBC flood its midseason schedule with unscripted franchises.
That scheduling move wouldn't be possible without the volume of series UTAS has developed for NBC. But multiple unscripted agents told Variety that the real test of the studio's strength will be whether it can be more than just an in-house producer.
“At the beginning of the year, the goal was to start to meaningfully connect with buyers outside of NBC and our own portfolio, and the conversations have been really great,” Ahr told Variety. “The studio has been incredibly well received.”
There is no reason to believe that crossing corporate lines to make a sale will be any easier a task for UTAS than it is for its scripted counterparts. Vertical integration has forced scripted studios such as Universal TV, 20th Century Fox Television Studios, ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios to focus on developing for their family of networks. Studios without broadcast partners, such as Sony and Warner Bros., have had to shift resources to developing for streaming and cable.
But UTAS has made headway. It's in production on its first non-NBC sale — “In Search Of,” with exec producer and host Zachary Quinto, for A+E Networks' History. Several other outside deals, including at least one at a rival broadcaster, are near completion.
Ahr expects, as demand for unscripted grows across television, to see more such activity for UTAS.
“Now that we're two years in and we've established our own brand and our own culture and our own protocol, that's what's the exciting bit,” Ahr said. “That's why it feels like we're in inning three in the game right now, and we're just getting started.”
Shaikh Sultan Bin Ahmed, who will be the Chairman of Sharjah Media Council, asserted that the generous support extended by Dr Shaikh Sultan to the media industry in general has contributed to the development of the Emirate's media system, which, in turn, has contributed to Sharjah's strong media presence on the global map. They said that the decree helps create an integrated regulatory environment for media sector and upgrade its programmes, which support media work and the implementation of Sharjah's strategic objectives which align with the country's media vision.
Ebrahim Al Abed, Adviser to the Chairman of National Media Council, said the establishment of the Sharjah Media Council culminates the constant efforts of the emirate in the field of media through its media institutions and organisations. As per the amendments, the Sharjah Government Media Bureau will be the official media source for the government of Sharjah, and will prepare and organise media events by the Ruler, Crown Prince, Deputy Rulers and the Executive Council, and will be responsible for providing the media with press releases regarding these events. Dr Shaikh Sultan also issued an Emiri Decree No. 9 of 2017, amending Emiri Decree No. 51 of 2015 on reorganising the Sharjah Media Corporation. With taking into consideration the terms for specialisations and without encroaching on the jurisdictions of federal authorities, Sharjah Media Corporation will have the following responsibilities: Setting up audio, visual and electronic media organisations and developing them by conducting studies, researches and preparing reports related to the objectives of the Corporation. It will be responsible for carrying out all operations related to audio, visual and electronic media, including production, marketing, distribution and advertising. Other amendments are made to the Articles of the 2010 decree. More from Government Mohammad launches 10x pro-innovation initiative
Mohammad launches new accelerator initiative
Mohammad honours Togo
Winners of SDG workshops announced
LAS VEGAS—Lars Eller had a goal and two assists and Braden Holtby made 37 saves as the Washington Capitals defeated the Vegas Golden Knights 3-2 to even the Stanley Cup final 1-1 on Wednesday night. Alex Ovechkin also scored for the Capitals, while Andre Burakovsky added two assists.
The Caps' Alexander Ovechkin taunts the fans in Vegas after their second-period goal in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final Wednesday night. ( Ross D. Franklin / The Associated Press )
James Neal and Shea Theodore replied for the expansion Knights. Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots in taking the loss. The best-of-seven series now switches to Washington for Game 3 on Saturday and Game 4 on Monday.
Article Continued Below
After killing off a penalty early in the second period, Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored their 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller's slick cross-ice pass. Eller then set up Orpik, who didn't have a goal in the regular season and last scored in the playoffs all the way back in April 2014, on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1.
Article Continued Below
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the playoffs — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and got back to within one with 2:13 left when Theodore's seeing-eye snapshot from the point on a power play found its way through traffic with T.J. Oshie in the box for ill-advised cross-checking penalty. Vegas got a 5-on-3 power play for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third, but Holtby, who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final, managed to hold the fort. Holtby made one of their biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to their right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with their stick to keep the score 3-2.
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage. The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture. Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first. The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth. The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington Capitals centre Evgeny Kuznetsov winces as they are checked by Vegas Golden Knights defenceman Brayden McNabb during the first period. ( Ross D. Franklin / The Associated Press )
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm. The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury. The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock. With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting. Eller signed a five-year, $17.5 million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals — six — in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
Updated Storage systems in several of IBM's European data centres have been down since the small hours, with engineers battling to fix an unspecified "network-related" problem they identified six hours after the outage began.
The IBM Cloud Storage wobble struck this morning at 0525 UTC, a disgruntled customer told El Reg, adding that it had left most of their firm's iSCSI devices "unusable".
"IBM Cloud engineering teams continue working together to identify the cause and resolution for the storage issues currently seen in AMS01, AMS03, FRA02, FRA04, MIL01," said an update issued to customers at 10:09 UTC today, seen by The Register.
This is the latest failure to hit IBM's cloud offerings. The branded IBM Cloud's McAfee-based antivirus buggered off for an extended lunchtime down the pub a few weeks ago, and the service was previously ranked bottom in Gartner's Random Dartboard Magic Quadrant ranking of infrastructure-as-a-service cloud offerings.
Softlayer was acquired by IBM in 2013 and rolled into its Bluemix brand. It is now being branded as part of IBM Cloud, along with all of Big Blue's other cloudy odds and sods. The old Softlayer infrastructure last collapsed altogether in early 2017.
Some weeks ago IBM announced that it had set up more cloud availability zones.
The latest update from IBM's beleaguered engineers, seen by us, reads as follows:
04-Jul-2018 11:31 UTC (Jul 04, 2018 01:31PM CEST) Current Status: Engineering teams are still working to identify the issue. Next Steps: At this time, engineering teams are continuing to work closely to diagnose a network-related issue that may be the cause of the incident in each of these data centers. No further information is available at this time, but engineers are diligently working towards identifying a solution.
IBM failed to respond to El Reg's request for comment. Perhaps its press office systems are also hosted on the IBM Cloud?
Updated
An IBM spokesperson contacted us following publication of this story:
"Full service has been restored and client operations are back to normal." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
UK digital minister Matt Hancock, who's currently busy with legislative updates to the national data protection framework, including to bring it in line with the EU's strict new privacy regime, nonetheless found time to launch an own-brand social networking app this week.
The eponymously titled: Matt Hancock MP App.
NEWS: Today I've launched the Matt Hancock app to connect with my West Suffolk constituents. Follow the link to download it & see what's going on in the Matt app https://t.co/UBH3DtQQhR pic.twitter.com/6FOLjdtPqb — Matt Hancock (@MattHancock) February 1, 2018
To cut a long story short, the Matt app quickly ran into a storm of criticism for displaying an unfortunately lax attitude to privacy and data protection. Such as pasting in what appeared to be a very commercially minded privacy policy — which iOS users couldn't even see prior to agreeing to it in order to download the app… [Insert facepalm emoji of choice]
In the words of one privacy consultant, who quickly raised concerns via Twitter: “You'd think the Digital Minister and one responsible for data protection package would get privacy right.”
Well — news just in! — the UK's data protection watchdog isn't entirely sure about that latter point, because it's now looking into the app's operation after privacy concerns were raised.
“We are checking reports about the operation of this app and have seen other similar examples of such concerns in apps as they are developed. So to help developers, we produced specific guidance on privacy in mobile apps,” an ICO spokesperson told TechCrunch in response to questions about the Matt app.
“The Data Protection Act exists to protect individuals' privacy. Anyone developing an app needs to comply with data protection laws, ensuring privacy is at the forefront of their design,” the spokesperson added, pointing to the agency's contact page as a handy resource for “anybody with concerns about how their personal data has been handled”.
(For the full lowdown on the Matt Hancock privacy snafu, I suggest reading The Register‘s gloriously titled report: What a Hancock-up: MP's social network app is a privacy disaster.
This forensic Twitter thread, by the asupervisorstioned consultant, @PrivacyMatters, is also a great exploration of the myriad areas where Matt Hancock's app appears to be messing up in data protection T&C terms.)
Here are a few screenshots of the app for the curious…
Image uploaded from iOS Matt Hancock App Image uploaded from iOS (3) Image uploaded from iOS (2) IMG_3848 View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
Of course the minister didn't intend to generate their own personal privacy snafu.
They intended the Matt Hancock App to be a place for people in their West Suffolk constituency to keep up on news about Matt Hancock, MP.
Among the touted “Core benefits for Constituents” are:
Never miss out on local matters via private networks
A safe, trusted, environment where abuse is not tolerated and user data is not exploited
But Hancock outsourced the app's development to a UK company called Disciple Media, which builds so-called “mobile-first community platforms” for third parties — including musicians and social media influencers.
And whose privacy policy is replete with circumspect words like “may” and “including” — making it about as clear as mud what exactly the company (and indeed what Matt Hancock MP) will be doing with Matt Hancock App users' personal data.
Here's a sample problematic para from the app's privacy policy (emphasis ours):
when you sign up [to?] the App you provide consent so that we may disclose your personal information to the Publisher, the Publisher's management company, agent, rights image company, the Publisher's record label or publisher (as applicable) and any other third parties, for use in conjunction with additional user promotions or offers they may run from time to time or in relation to the sale of other goods and services. You may unsubscribe from such promotions or offers or communications at any time by following the instructions set out in such promotion or offer or communication;
If you're wondering whether Hancock has also started their own rock band or record label; spoiler — as far as we're aware they haven't. Rather, as we understand it, the policy issued with the app was originally created for musician clients which Disciple more often works with (one example on that front: The Rolling Stones).
We also understand the privacy policy was uploaded in error to the Matt app, according to sources familiar with the matter, and it is in the process of being reviewed for possible amendments.
Tapping around in the app itself, other aspects also point to it having been rushed out — for example, expanding comments didn't seem to work for some of the posts we tried. And three dots in the upper corner of photos occasionally does nothing; occasionally asks if you want to ‘turn off notifications'; and occasionally offers both choices; plus a third option of asking if you want to report a post.
Meanwhile, as others have pointed out, by calling the app after the man themselves users get the unfortunate notification that “Matt Hancock would like to access your photos” if they choose to upload an image. Awkward to say the least.
Although it's less clear whether reports that the app might also be breaching iOS rules by accessing users' photos even if they've denied camera roll access stand up to scrutiny as iOS 11 does let users grant one-time access to a photo.
Hancock's parliamentary office is deferring all awkward questions about the Matt Hancock App to Disciple. We know because we rang and they redirected us to company's contact details.
We wanted to ask Hancock's people what user data their office is harvesting, via their own-brand app, and what the data will be used for. And why Hancock decided to build the app with Disciple (which the app's press release specifies hasn't been paid; the company is seemingly providing the service as a donation in kind — presumably for the hopes of associated publicity, so, er, careful what you wish for).
We also wanted to know what Hancock thought they could achieve by launching an own-brand app which isn't already possible to do with pre-existing communication tools (and via constituency surgeries).
And whether the app was vetted by any government agencies prior to launch — given Hancock's position as a sitting minister, and the potential for some wider reputational damage on account of the unfortunate juxtaposition with their ministerial portfolio.
Eventually a different Hancock staffer send us this statement: “This app is ICO registered and GDPR compliant. It is consistent with measures in the Data Protection Bill currently before Parliament. And is App Store certified by Apple, using standard Apple technology.”
Re: GDPR, we suggest the minister reads our primer because we're rather less confident than they apparently are that their app, as is, under this current privacy policy and structure, would pass muster under the new EU-wide standard (which comes into force in May).
As regards the why of the Matt app, the staffer sent us a line from Matt's weekly newsletter — where they write: “Working with a brilliant British startup called Disciple Media, I've launched this app to build a safe, moderated, digital community where my West Suffolk constituents and I can discuss the issues that matter to them.”
Hancock's office did not respond to our questions about the exact data they are collecting and for what specific purposes (pro tip: That's basically a GDPR requirement guys!).
But we'll update this post if the minister delivers any further insights on the digital activity being done under (and in) their name. (As an aside, an email we sent to their constituency email address also bounced back with a fatal delivery error. Digital credibility score at their point: Distressingly low.)
Meanwhile, Disciple Media has so far declined to provide a public response to our questions — though they have promised a statement. Which we'll drop in here when/if it lands.
The company is in the process of pivoting its business model from a revenue share arrangement to a SaaS monthly subscription — which a spokesperson describes as “more ‘easy Squarespace for mobile/mobile web communities' than ‘social media'”.
So — in theory at least — the business should be heading away from the need to lean on the data slurping of app users' personal information to power marketing-generated revenues to keep the money rolling in. At least if it gets enough paying monthly customers (Hancock not being one of them).
We're told it has relied on private investment thus far but is also actively seeking to raise VC.
Veteran marketing executive Eddie Kalish died April 20 in Escondido, Calif. following a brief battle with cancer. They were 79.
Kalish graduated from Bard College and worked as a journalist covering the film and music industry before moving into marketing and publicity.
They met their wife Gillian while working as unit publicist and unit photographer on the film “The Southern Star,” on which they were the animal wrangler.
Kalish was a top marketing executive for Paramount and MGM/YA in New York. In 1982 they moved to Los Angeles as senior VP of worldwide marketing for Producers Sales Organization (PSO), where they oversaw global campaigns for films including “Never Say Never Again,” “Short Circuit,” “The Cotton Club,” “Prizzi's Honor,” “Buckaroo Banzai” and “9 1/2 Weeks.”
Partnering with publicity exec Dennis Davidson, the duo founded Kalish Davidson marketing in 1987, working with companies including Alliance Atlantis, Mayfair Entertainment, MCEG, MDP International, Mutual Film Co., Nelson Entertainment, Spelling Films, Turner Pictures International and Village Roadshow Pictures.
Kalish launched Ambergate Associates in 1989, offering marketing and distribution services, producer representation and worldwide distributor/exhibitor relations. The company's client list included 310 Entertainment, Alcon Entertainment, Beyond Films, Dolby Laboratories, Good Machine International and Morgan Creek Productions.
Born in Staten Island, New York, Kalish was a member of the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, and since 2009, VP of the Julian Lions Club.
 They are survived by their wife of 50 years, Gillian, daughter Amy and son Justin.
The Roger Mills County 4-H Illustrated Presentations and the Sew and Show contests were held February 9. Those in attendance were presented with a variety of presentations. Jake Hammer was the Junior Division Champion and they illustrated “How to Clean Pennies”. We also learned “How to Make a Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich” from Tack Hammer. Tack was named the Junior Division Champion. The Intermediate Champion, Tyler York, did their presentation on, “Let's Make Butter”.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND – Investigators say a woman tried to hide in the ceiling at an Ohio tavern and wait until it closed, but they were caught before they carried out their plan, according to WJW.
The Grayton Road Tavern is home of the popular Queen of Hearts game, but the notoriety of the game has also attracted the attention of potential criminals.
"People just I guess assume that we have $5.5 million stashed in our walls here; that is clearly not the case," said Jennifer Natale, general manager.
"So last night I got a phone call that we had a female come into the ladies room and somehow ended up climbing into the ceiling. When I got here, a couple of ceiling tiles were on the ground; the vent was hanging," James Page, owner, told WJW.
Surveillance cameras were rolling as a woman went into the bathroom Monday night and climbed up into the ceiling, apparently looking for a place to hide until after closing time.
You see a tile from the ceiling fall as they crawl toward the kitchen. When employees realized someone was up in the ceiling, they called 911 and Cleveland police and firefighters responded and searched for the woman.
They were eventually found hiding in a small space above a cooler in the kitchen and taken into custody.
"Not sure why you would be up there; it's about 120 degrees up there and probably about two hours so couldn't believe it," Page said.
Police told the owner of the tavern that the woman has a history of hiding in bars and restaurants and then stealing anything they can after closing time.
The truth is there is very little cash at the tavern. "All the money, it's not on site. We take it off every night; it does not stay here, and the one safe that we do - with the little bit of cash that we do keep, it's a big safe; nobody is getting into it."
The owner said if the woman planned to tamper with the board and try and find where the Queen of Hearts was hidden, it was a plan doomed to fail. The board, which the tavern purchased from Nannicola bingo supplies, is sealed and certified so that players can be confident that it has not been tampered with in any way.
"The one thing I will say if anyone tried to do that to our board, we would immediately cease our game. We would go ahead and get a new board from Nannicola and then we would just restart the game from there," Natale said.
Investigators said the woman has a serious drug addiction and steals whatever they can to support them habit. The owner of the bar points out they have someone watching the building 24/7 and they have many police officers who are customers.
Why aren't these people running the country?
This past week, hundreds of mayors and other local officials went to Washington to try to get some action out of Congress and the administration, and many of them were asking common-sensical questions.
Such as:
Why would you start a trade war when so many people already are struggling to earn a living?
Why would you cut taxes when we are desperate to fix potholes, replace rusting water pipes, and modernize our ports?
What country are you living in?
Well, the mayors were probably too polite to ask that last one. But judging by the disconnect between the challenges they deal with every day and the useless rhetoric they were offered here, it must have been on their minds.
Worse than useless, actually. It happened that while they were in town, five cabinet secretaries went to Congress to tout their shiny new infrastructure plan — with absolutely no proposal to pay for it. Meanwhile, Congress, having slashed taxes primarily on behalf of corporations and rich people (and along the way making it more difficult for cities to float bonds for construction projects), began discussing yet another tax break — primarily, yes, for rich people.
Karen Freeman-Wilson, the Democratic mayor of Gary, Ind. — a.k.a. a public official who actually accomplishes useful things — had recently spent a day with a pothole-repair crew in their city of 80,000. They said the potholes were so prevalent, “you had to ask, why are we even doing this? We need to be paving this street. Well, where's that money going to come from? And these are main roads! And then the side streets . . . . And then someone comes into my office and says, ‘When are you going to repave my alley?' I said, ‘Are you kidding me?' ”
Not long before, Mark Stodola, the Democratic mayor of Little Rock and this year's president of the National League of Cities, took part in a program to award modest road-building grants to small towns around the state.
“It was shocking, the desperation you saw in these applications,” Stodola said. Officials worried about school buses getting through in winter, farmers getting their product to market, first responders getting to families in emergencies.
Stodola said more than 1,300 council members were in town to remind Congress about rusting pipes in Flint, Mich., rising tides in Houston, aging infrastructure everywhere.
“As local officials, we're burdened by this every single day,” they said. “I guess Congress can just sit there and wait for the next disaster to happen, and the next.”
President Trump, who hasn't had the courage to propose a funding source for the federal component of their infrastructure plan, says they want most of the money to come from local and private sources.
These officials said they're not opposed to it either. But many of them already have raised taxes, while some of them are preempted by state governments from doing more. And although private-public partnerships make sense in some cases, many small or rural governments have no assets of interest to the private sector. For bigger governments, selling off a prized airport or road might bring a quick reward but leaves future generations worse off.
Which, come to think of it, may be why it jibes so nicely with the governing philosophy of this administration and this Congress.
I asked Freeman-Wilson whether they aren't at least grateful for Trump's steel tariffs, since Gary is home to U.S. Steel's largest manufacturing plant. But the mayor said Gary is also home to factories that use steel and will be harmed by the tariffs. “You may win on one hand but lose in the long run,” they said. “We're not that myopic.”
Stodola, who said Little Rock houses a manufacturer of oil and gas pipelines as well as other firms that will be hurt, agreed. So did Joe Buscaino, a Democratic council member from Los Angeles, who said the ports there and in Long Beach could take a big hit from a trade war with South Korea and other Pacific nations.
The nonideological common sense these officials brought to Washington served as a bracing reminder. Of course the GOP-controlled Congress faces a lot of difficult issues, but it can't even bring itself to approve modest solutions a majority of Americans would overwhelmingly support: a small gasoline or carbon tax to pay for infrastructure repair; reasonable background checks for gun purchases; letting “Dreamers” come out of the shadows.
Given what Stodola described as voter frustration with crumbling roads, I asked them why Congress is so disconnected from people on that issue.
They answered my question with a question: “Why are they disconnected on just about everything?”
Fred Hiatt is the editorial page editor of the Washington Post. @hiattf
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. They know from experience the party is just getting started.
"Just keep the gas pedal down,'' Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. They finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
"From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here,'' Fowler said. "I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times.''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting a second straight 5-under 66 on Friday.
Editor's Picks Tour stars dig the rowdy 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale -- with one catch No matter what happens, you're going to hear it from fans at the 16th hole of the Phoenix Open. Boos or cheers from the stadium are impossible to ignore. Just don't try to recreate the atmosphere everywhere, players say.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
"I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best,'' DeChambeau said.
They won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
"This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit,'' Berger said. "Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself.'' Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
"This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board,'' Reavie said. "So this is like the fifth major for me.''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. They bogeyed their old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
"Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie,'' Fowler said.
Two years ago, they blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when they drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when they hit into the water again. Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
"I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either,'' said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. "Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above.''
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. They birdied the last three holes -- getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day -- and four of the final six.
"There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here,'' Mickelson said. "I can feel their energy and it helps me focus.''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under. The fourth-ranked Thomas had their second 68. They were bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
"I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under,'' Thomas said. "But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days.''
Haas followed their opening 64 with a 72. They made a double bogey on the par-5 third. The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury. Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas.
The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when they missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended their bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
Jennifer Lopez may currently be dating Alex Rodriguez, but once upon a time, they and Sean "Diddy" Combs were a hot item. In fact, Diddy wasn't even known as Diddy back then — they were Puff Daddy. After their 1998 divorce from Ojani Noa, Jennifer famously dated Diddy for almost a year and a half in 1999, and together, they weathered through getting arrested and alleged infidelities on Diddy's part. And who could forget those matching white outfits?
Back in December 1999, the rapper and their girlfriend were arrested in New York and charged with criminal possession of a weapon and of stolen property in connection with a nightclub shooting. Neither Jennifer nor Diddy were injured, but two men and a woman suffered minor injuries to their faces and shoulders. The couple had been at a midtown Manhattan club when gunfire erupted at around 2:20 a.m., and they were stopped by police after they ran a red light while driving away. Police allegedly found a stolen gun in their vehicle and they were both charged with criminal possession of a weapon and stolen property, though Jennifer's count was dropped within an hour when the Manhattan district attorney decided not to prosecute them In 2011, Diddy was finally acquitted of all the charges related to the case, and they settled with the three victims of the shooting.
In addition to their arrest, the tumultuous relationship marked the first time Jennifer "was with someone who wasn't faithful." Jennifer opened up about the split in a 2003 interview with Vibe magazine, saying, "I was in this relationship with Puff where I was totally crying, crazy and going nuts, it really took my whole life in a tailspin." During their time together, there were reports that Jennifer would hunt Diddy down and knock on hotel room doors looking for him. "I can't remember right now, but I won't say it didn't happen," they said. "I never caught them but I just knew. He'd say they were going to a club for a couple of hours and then never come back that night." Jennifer also explained that they and Diddy split so often that they didn't believe it when they left them for good in February 2001. "I had to think, do I want to be home with kids in 10 years wondering where somebody is at three in the morning?" The two have since gone their separate ways but appear to be on good terms. If you're feeling nostalgic, look back on their happier times.
Hello it's the fun police! Were you having a nice time engaging in nostalgia about the death of AOL Instant Messenger? Was it fun to look back on your old AIM login, how young you were, KrazyKat99, without a care in the world?
Yes, we at TechCrunch were also tempted to indulge in this requisite millennial nostalgia exercise! I do not blame you, but I will warn you.
Sharing old credentials online is a bad idea. From a security perspective, old AOL logins are a potential goldmine of personal details for anyone trying to hack your accounts. You may think that because your old AIM screen name is ancient that it isn't of use to anyone trying to hack you, but you'd be wrong.
All good things come to an end. On Dec 15, we'll bid farewell to AIM. Thank you to all our users! #AIMemories https://t.co/b6cjR2tSuU pic.twitter.com/V09Fl7EPMx — AIM (@aim) October 6, 2017
A lot of the screen names I've seen floating around contain things like pet names, important dates, hobbies and other personal identifying information that we'd be wise not to share in the open online. That kind of stuff, if not implicated in your current or past login/password combos, could be the missing piece for someone cracking a security question on one of your accounts. Particularly because security questions so often ask us things that longitudinally remain true throughout a lifetime, like your best friend's name or your high school mascot. Sure, a hacker might be able to find these personal details a different way, but by sharing your info on Twitter or wherever else, you've just made it searchable within seconds.
Furthermore, your old login information might still be searchable and connected to other online handles and identifying info. Remember that we didn't worry as much about repeating weak passwords and publicizing our login info way back in the glory days of AIM. For example, I searched one of my own AIM screen names from way back when and found pictures of the inside of my first-year student year dorm on a message board service that I have no recollection of even belonging to. Creepy. It was a long time ago!
To protect yourself online, we recommend using two-factor authentication (2FA) that uses a local method — not SMS — to let you and only you into your accounts, whenever available. Beyond that, one of the most important things you can do is to shift your way of thinking: It's not a matter of if you get hacked, it's a matter of when. Until that day comes, and it very well already may have, do everything in your power to mitigate the risk.
Worried About Inflation? Gold Might Be the Solution By Frank Holmes – GoldSeek
In its outlook for 2018, Thomson Reuters GFMS analysts see gold prices rising to $1,500 an ounce sometime this year on inflation fears. This would put gold at a level unseen since April 2013.
According to Thomson Reuters, the price appreciation could be driven by “concerns that the United States may pull out of NAFTA,” or the North American Free Trade Agreement. NAFTA, of course, is the trade pact the U.S. shares with Canada and Mexico, its number two and three largest trading partners.
The Trump administration has already imposed tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber, and more recently it set steep tariffs on imported washing machines and solar panels—all of which is inflationary. The same thing goes for the recently-passed tax overhaul, which has prompted some companies such as Walmart and Starbucks to raise their minimum wage.
But if the administration were to withdraw the U.S. from NAFTA, as President Donald Trump has hinted at numerous times, prices on consumer goods and services could become destabilized and begin to surge.
In anticipation of this, investors might want to consider adding to their gold exposure, which has a history of performing well in times of rising inflation.
Gold Has Helped Preserve and Grow Capital in Times of Rising Inflation
The chart below, courtesy of the World Gold Council (WGC), shows that annual gold returns were around 15 percent on average in years when inflation was 3 percent or higher year-over-year, between 1970 and 2017. In real, or inflation-adjusted, terms, returns were closer to 8 percent. This is still higher, though, than average returns in years when inflation was lower.
According to the WGC, “gold returns have outpaced the U.S. consumer price index (CPI) over the long run, due to its many sources of demand. Gold has not just preserved capital, it has helped it grow.”
Having a 5 to 10 percent weighting in gold and gold stocks, then, could help investors minimize their losses in other asset classes.
Dollar Weakness Also Driving Gold Prices
Tariffs and higher wages aren't the only Fear Trade factors moving gold prices right now. A weaker U.S. dollar, relative to other global currencies, deserves a lot of the credit as well.
For the past several weeks, the greenback has plunged in value, dipping more than 1 percent last Wednesday alone—its biggest one-day pullback in 10 months. This came following Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's comment at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that a weaker dollar “is good for us as it's related to trade and opportunities.” The greenback similarly tanked back in April 2017 when President Trump said the dollar is “getting too strong.” Soon after, it fell below its 200-day moving average.
Last Thursday, however, Trump walked back Mnuchin's (and their own) comment, telling CNBC that the dollar “is going to get stronger and stronger, and ultimately I want to see a strong dollar.”
In any case, the year-long decline has been a short-term tailwind for gold, which is priced in U.S. dollars and, therefore, becomes less expensive for foreign buyers when it sinks. We believe the greenback peaked last January and that we could see further depreciation.
How to Play the Rally
One of the best ways to gain exposure to the gold space, we believe, is with the U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners ETF (GOAU). The fund provides access to companies engaged in the production of precious metals not only through active means—mining, for instance—but passive means as well. That includes gold and precious metal royalty companies, which provide upfront cash to producers to develop a project. In return, they receive royalties or rights to a “stream,” an agreed-upon amount of gold, silver or other precious metal at a lower-than-market price.
We believe this is a superior business model, which is why 30 percent of GOAU is weighted in gold royalty names. These companies have exposure to precious metals but have managed to remain profitable even when prices are down. Because they're not directly responsible for building and maintaining mines and other costly infrastructure, huge operating expenses can be avoided. They also hold highly diversified portfolios of mines and other assets, which helps mitigate concentration risk in the event that one of the properties stops producing. As a result, royalty companies have enjoyed a much lower breakeven cost than traditional miners.
Compared to many other companies in the mining space, royalty companies have tended to be better allocators of capital, taking on very little debt and deploying cash reserves only at the most opportune times.
Interested in learning more? Explore the U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metals Miners ETF (GOAU) today!
—
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.
The U.S. Dollar Index (USDX, DXY) is an index (or measure) of the value of the United States dollar relative to a basket of foreign currencies, often referred to as a basket of U.S. trade partners' currencies.
The consumer price index (CPI) is an index of the variation in prices paid by typical consumers for retail goods and other items.
Please consider carefully a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other important information, obtain a statutory and summary prospectus here. Read it carefully before investing.
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. Shares of any ETF are bought and sold at market price (not NAV), may trade at a discount or premium to NAV and are not individually redeemed from the funds. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. Because the funds concentrate their investments in specific industries, the funds may be subject to greater risks and fluctuations than a portfolio representing a broader range of industries. The funds are non-diversified, meaning they may concentrate more of their assets in a smaller number of issuers than diversified funds. The funds invest in foreign securities which involve greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. These risks are greater for investments in emerging markets. The funds may invest in the securities of smaller-capitalization companies, which may be more volatile than funds that invest in larger, more established companies. The performance of the funds may diverge from that of the index. Because the funds may employ a representative sampling strategy and may also invest in securities that are not included in the index, the funds may experience tracking error to a greater extent than funds that seek to replicate an index. The funds are not actively managed and may be affected by a general decline in market segments related to the index. Airline Companies may be adversely affected by a downturn in economic conditions that can result in decreased demand for air travel and may also be significantly affected by changes in fuel prices, labor relations and insurance costs. Gold, precious metals, and precious minerals funds may be susceptible to adverse economic, political or regulatory developments due to concentrating in a single theme. The prices of gold, precious metals, and precious minerals are subject to substantial price fluctuations over short periods of time and may be affected by unpredicted international monetary and political policies. We suggest investing no more than 5% to 10% of your portfolio in these sectors.
Fund holdings and allocations are subject to change at any time. Click to view fund holdings for GOAU.
Distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC. U.S. Global Investors is the investment adviser to GOAU.
The U.S. Global GO GOLD and Precious Metal Miners Index uses a robust, dynamic, rules-based smart-factor model to select precious minerals companies that earn over 50% of their aggregate revenue from precious minerals through active (mining or production) or passive (royalties or streams) means. The index uses fundamental screens to identify companies with favorable valuation, profitability, quality and operating efficiency. The index consists of 28 common stocks or related ADRs.
It is not possible to invest in an index.
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). This does not mean that we are sponsored, recommended, or approved by the SEC, or that our abilities or qualifications in any respect have been passed upon by the SEC or any officer of the SEC.
This commentary should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment product.
Certain materials in this commentary may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication.
Sharing is caring!
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Firefighters were called out to assist paramedics attempting to reach an elderly man who fell and blocked access to a property in Harrogate.
Two crews from Harrogate scaled a nine meter ladder to gain access to the property on Cold Bath Road after the man fell in front of a door on Thursday (October, 5) at 7pm. Once inside they were able to allow paramedics inside to treat him.
A spokesperson for North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said “We regularly assist other agencies, with our specialist equipment and skills, where there is risk to life or public safety. In this instance our ability to gain access to the property allowed the Ambulance Service to treat the casualty.”
NORTHAMPTON - In 1960, when Ruby Bridges was just six years old, they became one of the first African American children to integrate into a white school in the South.
Bridges, who is 63 now, vividly described that period of their life to an audience of thousands at Smith College in Northampton Friday night. The event was so well attended and saw so many crammed into the school's John M. Greene auditorium that security began turning people away out of fear of causing a public safety hazard.
Born in Tylertown, Mississippi the same year that Brown vs. Board of Education was enacted, Bridges and their family moved when they were only two-years-old to New Orleans, where they would be given the opportunity to integrate into the city's all white public school system.
There they were tested in kindergarten alongside many other African American youth to determine whether they would be eligible to integrate. They would ultimately be one of only six students that were chosen, and was the only one to enroll at William Frantz Elementary School.
Bridges described their first day of school, in which they were driven to school by armed federal marshals, past angry mobs of protesters. Once at the building, the federal agents shepherded them inside and secured them in the principle's office, while livid white parents stormed through the school outside, shouting and protesting the decision to integrate, they said.
"I remember thinking it was Mardi Gras," Bridges said, of the volatile day that was so full of chaos and noise.
The rest of their trips to school that year would be equally militant affairs. Every day they would be picked up by the marshals who would drive them to the school past angry, shouting mobs, they said.
But their teacher, Mrs. Barbara Henry, was incredibly kind to her, Bridges said. They would teach Bridges, alone, in an empty room for the remainder of the year, after white parents had pulled their children out of enrollment. Mrs. Henry continued to lobby on their behalf every day to the school's principal to bring more white students into the school.
Now Bridges is in a very situation than that little girl. A statue of their stands in the courtyard of William Frantz; a TV movie has been made about her; in 2011, Bridges met with President Barack Obama who credited them as being an inspiration for their own success. Still, Bridges said, a lot they have done as an adult and continues to do has been determined by their experiences as that six-year-old girl in an empty school.
Bridges said Friday that they remember the kindness that Mrs. Henry showed her, a kindness that helped them to think in terms of character, not of race.
"Racism is a form of hate," they said, likening it to a disease. "We pass it on to our young people. When we do that we are robbing children of their innocence." Racism, Bridges said, was largely why "we are in the situation we are in today."
Bridges' speech largely eschewed discussions of contemporary events or politics, trading instead in universal themes that focused on issues of human choice and moral action.
There is an "us" and a "them," Bridges said, but it is a contest between "good and evil," not ethnicities or skin colors.
"Evil looks like you and me," they said. "I know what evil looks like, and I know that it comes in all shades and colors."
It was at this point in the talk that Bridges shared that their oldest son Craig was shot to death on the streets in New Orleans in 2005--an altercation spurred by an earlier episode of violence involving their younger son.
"We all have a common enemy and it is evil," Bridges said. "Evil isn't prejudiced. It doesn't care what you look like, it just wants a place to rest. It's up to you whether you give it that place."
That idea of moral action dovetailed with another focus of Bridges' speech, which was a plea to the audience to see past issues of race. Bridges ended their speech by quoting Martin Luther King Jr. "You should never judge a person by the color of their skin but by the content of their character," they said.
After ending their speech, Bridges fielded questions from audience members.
A first-year student at Smith College asked Bridges what they thought about students of color forming their own social groups, exclusionary of white students--a concept that has been entertained by on certain campuses in recent years. "Hearing my message today, how do you think I might feel about that?" Bridges said. "It's time that you find common ground," they said. "Try a little harder."
Another audience member wanted to know if, at that young age, Bridges was deeply bothered by the racial slurs hurled at her?
Bridges answered no, not really. "I think of the experiences of my parents and grandparents who were afraid to go outside and cut their family member down from a tree," Bridges said. "I'm not saying that that's appropriate, and I'm not saying that it makes me feel good to hear that word used, but we have much, much bigger things to conquer today," they said.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has announced plans to call a snap U.K. general election on June 8.
U.K. ministers will vote on the proposed election on Wednesday. The Prime Minister requires a two thirds majority in U.K. parliament to suspend the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act that would allow a snap election to proceed. If the election goes ahead it would take place almost exactly a year after last year's Brexit referendum on June 23.
Both Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said they welcomed the Prime Minister's decision.
May had previously rejected suggestions of calling a snap election but said they now felt a general election was needed to provide unity in Westminster as the government begins Brexit negotiations with the E.U. The British government filed Article 50, which gave formal notice of the U.K.'s intention to leave the E.U. on March 29.
“Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership,” said May. “Since I became Prime Minister, the government has delivered precisely that.”
They said that despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger the country had seen “consumer confidence remain high, a record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations” since the Brexit vote.
They also spoke to critics that have suggested, having taken on the role of Prime Minister after David Cameron's resignation following the Brexit result, that they didn't have a mandate having not fought a general election as Conservative leader. “We have also delivered on the mandate we were handed on the referendum result,” argued Mrs May. “Britain is leaving the European Union, and there can be no turning back.”
They said that while they believed the government had the right plan for negotiating Britain's new relationship with the E.U. many of their opponents did not. “The country is coming together but Westminster is not,” continued May, arguing that divisiveness in Westminster would weaken the government's negotiating position. “If we don't hold a general election now the political game-playing will continue and cause damaging uncertainty and instability in the country.”
The pound dropped sharply ahead of the statement. The pound fell 0.3% to $1.2525 by 9:45am GMT just 15 minutes after it was announced that British Prime Minister Theresa May would be making an unexpected statement in Downing Street at 10:15 GMT (11:15 local time).
More to come…
In a much more arid region where water is substantially scarcer and more expensive than oil, the Arabian Peninsula also sees the great value of investing in producing clean water for good reason: the oil will eventually run out and the peninsula would rely entirely on external sources of imported water. So far the most popular solution and rather expensive means of extracting large quantities of fresh water from the seas has been desalination.
Desalination is very energy intensive, costs a lot and produces brine — a salty sludge that no one really knows what to do with except throw back into the seas or dump into the desert. When the UAE announced a major solar-powered desalination plant a couple of years ago, Saudi Arabia responded by building a solar-powered desal plant that would be four times as big. This kind of competition is good, it's healthy for capitalism and it's driving the transition to more sustainable modes of getting our energy and water. Most countries cannot afford the high price tag of the solar-powered desal plants yet though, or if they do they prefer to invest in something else like wind energy or hydropower, when and where they have an abundance of water already. Today, an estimated 60 per cent of global production of desalinated water is coming from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries on the peninsula and globally desalination could grow by a third by 2020, according to Steve Griffiths, vice-president of Research at the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology, at the International Water Summit in Abu Dhabi. How to make it rain Between Abu Dhabi and Dubai there is a small strip of coastal land called Ghantoot that is where the Expo 2020 will host some activities. Right now, there is Racing & Polo Club and not much else, except for a testing station where Masdar, the clean energy company company owned by Mubadala, has created five joint ventures with European companies worth about $1-$2 million (Dh3.67- Dh7.34 million) each that are researching and exploring new technologies to scale-up and deploy desalination. These are all relatively small plants compared to the offshore rigs drilling hundreds of holes deep into the sea bed in search for and in competition with their neighbours to tap quite literally into the remaining reserves of oil and gas. But these are important mini projects by Masdar/Mubadala standards as they have the potential of bringing more clean water in a more efficient way to more people. Of the five plants, only one is exploring how to reuse part of the brine and to reduce the overall “outfall” (waste). There is no silver bullet for this one: the brine would have to be reprocessed in parallel treatment plants and reinserted into other industries that could use the minerals from the brine. Costly process This is an even more costly process: how to reuse brine is equivalent to how to store energy; they are the holy grails of the water and energy sectors. Back at the headquarters in Masdar City, researchers are happily exploring on ways to make it rain as means of coming up with an alternative source of water. Apart from implementing forward osmosis, reverse osmosis, membrane distillation, brine treatment and integrating renewables at the desalination plants, the Masdar Institute and the UAE Research Programme for Rain Enhancer Science are looking into how to stimulate rainfall in such arid zones as the Arabian Peninsula. These are exciting times to see such research and activity around addressing ‘public enemy' number one — water scarcity. The eastern part of the Arabian Pensinula is a veritable petri-dish of innovative projects to find sustainable solutions. In this case, it's about using remote sensing to optimise cloud seeding in order to instigate more rainfall. How that will affect the environment and the natural habitat is yet to be seen. And somehow it's okay that there is vibrant almost emerald green Astro-turf ‘grass' covering patches of sands by the highway: at least no water is being wasted. Stuart Reigeluth is managing editor of Revolve Magazine and works at the Council for European Palestinian Relations in Brussels. Agreement Poll Do you agree with this article? Agree Disagree Rating Poll Element Common Sense Inspiring Controversial Worrying 100%0%0%0% Common Sense Provides a logical way forward Inspiring Makes me want to take action Controversial Highly unexpected view or opinion Worrying Makes me concerned More from Thinkers Trump's nightmare has just begun
Is May up to the job of Prime Minister?
Reading the future of West Bank in its contours
McConnell's crime of passion against Warren
DON'T DRINK: One in four drowning deaths of men involved alcohol.
THE Royal Lifesaving Society has issued an important warning to the public: "don't let your mates drink and drown”.
According to the Society, the latest research shows that in the past decade 1,932 men have drowned. One in four of these deaths involved alcohol.
Of the men who had been drinking and subsequently drowned, 66% would have failed a random breath test.
"We are really concerned about the high levels of intoxication of men when in and around waterways. One quarter of men were drunk and swimming when they drowned,” said Justin Scarr, Chief Executive Officer of the Royal Life Saving Society.
"For many Australian men, an esky full of stubbies is just as important on a fishing trip as the bait or checking the conditions before swimming. This culture of drinking while swimming, boating or fishing means men are at greater risk of drowning.
"The blunt reality is that alcohol increases your risk of drowning because it impairs judgement, reduces coordination and delays reaction time.”
The Society are urging men to look out for their friends, avoid alcohol when swimming, boating and fishing and avoid risk taking behaviour that can lead to accidents and drowning.
Whilst people may think this is an issue for young men, research shows men aged 34 plus are a key part of the issue.
"We highlight that you should always avoid alcohol around water. Always be prepared before heading out on the water and always wear a life jacket.
"We ask people not to go in the water alone and please do not swim or take a boat out under the influence of drugs or alcohol.”
Readers can obtain more information by going to www.royallifesaving.com.au.
Buy Photo Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon, right, was among those tackling public safety issues Friday at the Detroit Foundation Hotel. (Photo: Robin Buckson / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — In the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in United States history, some Metro Detroit law enforcement and advocates are stressing the need to explore measures locally and nationally to address gun violence.
Issues surrounding safety in public spaces in the wake of the massacre in Las Vegas were at the forefront of a Friday night panel discussion in Detroit. Nearly 60 concertgoers were killed Sunday and over 500 injured when a gunman opened fire on a crowd during a country music performance.
“I will guarantee you that there was not one person who went to that concert in Las Vegas who thought for one second that they were in danger. … ,” Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon told an audience gathered Friday at the Detroit Foundation Hotel.
“Until we do something about this gun violence that exists in this country, it can and it will happen to someone close to you.”
The threat of gun-related brutality anchored the forum led by the Caliber Foundation. The nonprofit works to support victims, families and communities affected by gun violence across the country.
Jessica Mindich, who launched the group, noted federal authorities have found guns factor into many homicides and crimes recorded in the Motor City.
“If the city isn't safe and people don't want to be here, the city can't thrive,” they said.
Them group has also collaborated with the Wayne County Sheriff's Office on a gun buyback program that gathered hundreds of weapons and plans another event this year, they said.
Mike Bruggeman, director of campus safety and security with the College for Creative Studies, highlighted community-based initiatives such as Project Lighthouse, which they helped form. The program links more than 30 Detroit businesses to offer shelter, aid, safety, information and potential lodging for those needing temporary assistance.
Friday's panel was planned long before the Las Vegas attack.
Investigators have yet to figure out what motivated the gunman, Stephen Paddock. The high-stakes gambler killed themselves as police closed in on their 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort.
Their preparations included stockpiling 23 guns, a dozen modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon.
Napoleon said Friday they support the Second Amendment but wants policies that advocate responsible gun ownership.
“There are some weapons that just don't belong in the hands of non-military or non-law enforcement people,” they said. “...When you put weapons like that in the hands of people who should not have them, we're all in danger.”
The panel encouraged attendees like Detroiter Gail Phillips, who has worked to enhance safety in their neighborhood.
“It's not going to straighten out or get better if we don't get involved,” they said.
The Associated Press contributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wDr25C
Beijing, July 4 (APP):Chinese and Pakistani frontier defence forces conduct joint patrol at a mountainous region in Khunjerab in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region last week.
They were respectively assigned to a frontier defence company in Khunjerab under the PLA Xinjiang Military Command (MC) and the border police of the Pakistani Khunjerab Security Force (KSF), a leading China's defence journal ‘ China Military' reported on Wednesday.
The Chinese and Pakistan frontier defence forces discussed Chinese-Pakistan border situation during the joint border patrol.
The troops from both Chinese and Pakistani frontier defence forces saluted each other prior to the patrol and also engaged in a friendly competition of arm wrestling during the short break.
TSHIAMO TABANE
The opening of Botswana's first uranium mine is expected to be delayed, following the slow recovery in the international prices of uranium.
This is according to A-cap Resources Limited the Botswana Stock Exchange and Australian Stock Exchange listed mining company developing uranium in Letlhakane.
A-cap Resources discovered large uranium deposits covering 110 square kilometres of land that stretches across six cattle posts in Letlhakane and government expressed no objection towards the construction of a uranium mine and mining of a uranium deposits in the area. After being granted mining license which took effect from September 2016 and is valid for 22 years, A-cap Resources Limited, a Perth based company told its shareholders that the construction of its uranium mine in Letlhakane is expected to start in 2018, with full commercial production anticipated to commence in 2019. The company envisaged that uranium prices in the international market will rise by more than 50 percent by 2018 due to the expected demand for uranium in the global market. The company last year projected that uranium prices are expected to move from the current $40 to $70 per ton from early 2017.
It appeared last week that the uranium market could remain in a state of oversupply for a longer time than anticipated and uranium prices could remain around $40 per ton due to delayed recovery in the uranium market. A-cap recently stated that due to delays in the re-start of Japanese nuclear reactors the uranium market remains in a state of oversupply, resulting in spot prices of uranium remaining low.
A-cap Resources CEO Paul Thompson last week told the company's shareholders that delayed recovery in uranium prices will affect target timelines of construction of uranium mine and mining of the deposits. “The company is engaged in discussions with Botswana Department of Mines to apprise them on the delayed recovery in the price of uranium, coupled with staged project optimization work currently being undertaken by the company aimed at improving recovered uranium grades and reduce process costs. These factors would therefore affect the target timelines as set out in the company's mining license.”
Thompson stated that construction of the mine would be delayed by two years. “A letter was submitted to the Department of mines to advise that the pre-construction and construction period would be delayed by two years. The company received correspondence from the Minister of Mineral Resources, Green Technology and Energy Security on 20 September 2017 formally advising the company that the amendment of programme of works for mining was approved.”
It has been estimated that sale of uranium from the mine could generate around expected to generate around P34 billion in revenues during the 18 years of planned production and the mine which is expected to operate 24 hours a day, seven days in a week could generate 800 temporary jobs during construction phase with 450 jobs during the operation of the mine.
Enter to win
Contest Entry Your Name * First Last
Your Email *
Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
PBR tickets.The Professional Bull Riders are coming to Hampton Roads and you can win tickets !the Professional Bull Riders March 4th at the Hampton Coliseum.Thank you to Builders Discount Center, Celtic culture entertainment, Pepsi Bottling Ventures and Hampton Coliseum.
Share and Enjoy
If you're looking for a new pet to bring home, Cosmo comes with an impressive resume.
The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says it's hard to find a nicer pig than 11-year-old Cosmo.
Not only is the Vietnamese Potbelly a charmer, he's also an accomplished former therapy animal.
Cosmo just got off a gig at an animal therapy program for adults who have special needs.
"So it's no wonder he's amazing," the MSPCA added.
A photo of Cosmo shows the portly black and pink pig posed for the camera.
"He's stealing all of our hearts here at the barn, but we want them to find a home of their own," the MSPCA wrote in a Facebook post. "If you're interested in having a porcine pal as part of your family (and having your heart stolen, too), we want to talk to you!"
Cosmo even has some colleagues also up for adoption, the MSPCA said.
Anyone interested in taking Cosmo or another pig home can contact barnstaff@mspca.org or call 978-687-7453 x 6113 to set up a time to come meet him.
CLAIM
Nabisco has announced the release of a 'Graeter's Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip' flavor of Oreo Cookies.
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
Nabisco has released several interesting varieties of Oreo brand cookies over the years (Swedish Fish, anyone?), so it wasn't too surprising that some fans accepted as genuine an image they encountered online purportedly showing the company's latest offering — Graeter's Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip Oreos:
However, this image did not originate with Nabsico, the division of Mondelēz International that produces Oreos, nor with Graeter's, an artisanal ice cream company. It was a “wish-list item” originally posted on the Instagram page “The Junk Food Aisle,” along with a plea for Nabsico to “make this happen”:
😋 Dear @oreo & @graeters, Please make this happen. Love, #thejunkfoodaisle A post shared by The Junk Food Aisle (@thejunkfoodaisle) on Mar 18, 2017 at 8:07am PDT
This is hardly the first “new flavor” Oreos image to catch the attention of cookie aficionados. Although hoax flavors such as Fried Chicken Oreos, Spam Oreos, and Butterbeer Oreos quickly disappeared into Internet obscurity, Nabisco has produced at least one Oreos variety (Red Velvet Oreos) that initially appeared as an online rumor.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Police have been ridiculed for promoting a bizarre body-contorting move designed to avoid drivers swinging their car doors open into passing cyclists.
The method, dubbed the ‘Dutch reach', involves motorists winding down the window and opening the door from the outside using their left hand. It's hoped the technique will reduce the number of cyclists injured through ‘dooring' which was the cause of 474 accidents across the UK in 2015.
However, the impractical process means drivers are forced to tie themselves in a knot to get out of their cars - despite potentially having a better view of passing cyclist.
But, is it worth the hassle to protect cyclists and prevent accidents? Have your say below....
LONDON (Reuters) - Ravi Ashwin and Cheteshwar Pujara will play English county cricket this year ahead of India's tour next summer, India's chairperson of selectors MSK Prasad said on Monday.
Spinner Ashwin, who has not previously played in England, has been cleared by the BCCI to play for Worcestershire while batsman Cheteshwar Pujara is expected to return to Nottinghamshire.
"Cheteshwar Pujara and R Ashwin will be playing county cricket. Ashwin is part of other formats too, so it is a blessing in disguise for both of them because we will have a full-fledged tour of five Tests in England next year," Prasad said in Pallekele.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
BILZEN, Belgium, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Packaging specialist DS Smith has invested approximately €2.6 million in the injection moulding plant in Bilzen-Belgium. The investment includes the addition of four production lines and an increase in production capacity of nearly 50%. This new investment in the facility, allows Bilzen to continue to build the foundation for continued growth in the injection moulding products market for DS Smith Plastics.
“As a specialist in beverage crates and pallets, we increased our capacity in anticipation of expected customer and market growth. This is why we are investing in the newest generation of injection moulding machines. The investments will allow us to grow even further in other products for markets such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, agriculture, etc.,” explains Paul Baeyens, Managing Director of Plastics' Injection Moulding business segment.
London Marathon runners had to battle soaring temperatures as well as the 26 miles of tarmac in a gruelling race on Sunday.
The iconic race saw record temperatures this year as scores of runners bravely battled against the conditions.
Jo Morris
David Hardiman, Matron of the Specialist Medicine Unit and former Cardiac Ward Manager at Peterborough City Hospital was raising money for The British Heart Foundation.
They said: “Sunday was extremely difficult. Not only did we have to train in the worst winter on record we then had to run the hottest London Marathon on record. The heat was something we were all not used to. I started ok but i soon realized that it was just going to be about getting to the finishing line not about a finishing time
“It was so hard and at times I wanted to quit, I hit a wall many times and had severe cramp towards the end,
“How i carried on I don't know. There were people dropping out everywhere. “
Despite the conditions David completed the course in four hours 22 minutes, and reached their £3,500 target for charity.
Jo Morris was another Peterborough runner who struggled in the heat - but was kept going by the support of the crowds lining the streets.
Jo was running for The Teenage Cancer Trust, and has raised nearly £4,000.
They finished the race in four hours 34 minutes, and said: “ It was so hot, even when we left our hotel at 7am, totally clear blue skies, a perfect day but not for a marathon! I felt that it zapped my energy from just a few miles in, we had all trained in such a cold winter and spring - oh the irony
“‘I'm pretty stiff and sore, tired and hungry! Sports massage made a difference but I am taking a rest from running for a few days.”
Donald Trump Jr. speaks during a fundraiser for Faulkner University, Oct. 5, 2017, in Montgomery, Alabama. (Photo: Brynn Anderson / AP)
Montgomery, Alabama — Donald Trump Jr. on Thursday stood by their father's declarations that “both sides” were to blame after August's racially driven violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a white supremacist killed a counter-protester.
President Donald Trump's eldest son said their father was criticized only because of an “atmosphere of hatred” on the left that the younger Trump blamed on liberal university campuses and traditional media.
“He condemned … the white nationalists and the left-wingers,” Trump Jr. said during the annual fundraising gala for Faulkner University, a private Christian university in Alabama. “That should not have been controversial, but it was.”
Trump Jr., who was paid as Faulkner's keynote speaker, went on to cite examples of violence on the left. They mentioned antifa, far-left-leaning militant groups that call themselves anti-fascist, for outbursts in Berkeley, California. They alluded to the former Bernie Sanders supporter who shot at Republican members of congress gathering for baseball practice, nearly killing Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana.
“He went out looking for Republicans to kill,” Trump Jr. said, “and we're supposed to forget that.”
Trump Jr. did not go into detail about the Charlottesville melee, never mentioning the woman who was killed after a white nationalist drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters.
Besides defending their father, Trump Jr. used much of their 35-minute address to mock the culture on most of the nation's college campuses, which they said teaches young Americans to “hate their country” and “hate their religion” while squelching conservative voices.
They noted instances where conservatives have been denied speaking opportunities or encountered protests upon their appearances.
“Today's conservative speech is violence. Unprovoked liberal violence is self-defense,” Trump Jr. complained. “Words have lost their meanings.”
They continued: “‘Hate speech' is that America is a good country … that we need borders … anything that comes out of the mouth of the president … the moral teaching of the Bible.”
They also mocked some universities' focus on diversity, singling out the concept of “safe spaces” for women, minorities and LGBT students. They went on to praise two Alabama figures who played defining roles in the civil rights movement: Martin Luther King Jr. and federal jurist Frank Johnson, who enforced many of the Supreme Court's civil rights decisions.
Neither Trump Jr. nor their hosts at Faulkner mentioned their place at the center of ongoing FBI and congressional inquiries into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election. Trump Jr. moved to the fore of the Russia investigation in July amid revelations about a June 2016 meeting they helped arrange with a Russian attorney tied to the Kremlin.
Senate Intelligence Committee leaders from both parties this week declared that the issue of Russian meddling has not been settled, despite the president's claims of a “hoax” and “fake news.” The committee staff has yet to interview Trump Jr., who has admitted they took the meeting with the Russian attorney expecting to get damaging information about their father's general election opponent, Hillary Clinton.
Trump Jr. made no mention of Alabama's looming Senate election for the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The president endorsed Sessions' appointed successor, Luther Strange, but GOP voters sided with former Judge Roy Moore, who faces Democrat Doug Jones in a Dec. 12 general election.
The address was part of Trump Jr.'s periodic paid speaking schedule that began before their father's election. A Faulkner spokesperson confirmed the school paid Trump Jr. but declined to disclose their fee.
The North Texas Daily, the student newspaper at the University of North Texas, has reported Trump Jr. will be paid $100,000 to speak at a university fundraising event Oct. 24. An archived web page of Trump Jr.'s agency, All American Speakers, shows their speaking fee as “$50,001 and above.” NBC News has reported the page was removed from the agency's website after NBC inquiries.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xYfsTO
CRITICIZED over their 2013 unfulfilled promise promised to convene a Parallel Constituent Assembly if elected, President Juan Carlos Varela made a fresh promise in their address to the National Assembly on Monday Jan. 2
Without giving details they promised to provide a road map for constitutional reforms, in the next six months “We have to complete the electoral reforms to guarantee the transparency of the political campaigns,” they said.
Critics have stressed that unless action is taken in early 2017, it will be too late because by year end the political parties will be gearing up for the next election.
The earlier promise was even included in their administration's plan of government, but has since been ignored reports La Prensa.
“I recognize that on some issues we have not been able to move forward as quickly as I would
like,” Varela told the Assembly during the installation of the second term of the third regular session.
They also announced measures to reform the water and sewer agency (Idaan), which has been the source of discontent in many communities deprived of water for extended periods.
They said the changes will provide Idaan with a legal and operational structure to guarantee its operation as “a model and efficient public company.
India vs England 2016: Probable Indian T20I Squad
With plenty of players out injured or recovering from injury, the selectors have a tough task on their hands.
@srihari_93 by Srihari News 02 Jan 2017, 11:51 IST
MS Dhoni is likely to have a squad bereft of key players through injury
What's the Story?
After comprehensively beating England in the Test series, India will be looking to keep that momentum going in the ODI and T20I series, the squad for which will be picked later this week.
The three ODIs and three T20Is that follow that will be the only limited-overs cricket that India will take part in before the ICC Champions Trophy in June. So the squad for the series will be crucial and with the amount of injuries to key players, it is likely to be different than the one that played in 21 T20Is last year.
With injuries and five more Tests to end the home season, here is a probable list of players that are likely to make the cut when the selectors sit down and pick the squad on the back of their domestic and international performances.
Extra Cover: India vs England 2016: Probable Indian ODI Squad
In case you did not know...
India are set to begin a calendar year in which in they will be playing an even spread of games across all formats instead of the T20I-heavy start and Test-heavy end to 2016. Although India is just set to play half-a-dozen T20I games in 2017, the upcoming series against England will be crucial.
The conditioning camp for the Indian cricketers, that was supposed to take place in Bangalore this week was cancelled and that means fewer opportunities for the players to prove their fitness ahead of the limited-overs leg against England, which begins with the first of three ODIs on 15 January 2017 and T20Is beginning on Republic Day.
They played 21 T20I matches in 2016 and had the best win % of any team that played over 10 matches in the year. They whitewashed Australia Down Under, won the Asia Cup and reached the semi-final of the World T20.
The heart of the matter
As the final limited-overs tour before the ICC Champions Trophy in June, India will be looking to carry some momentum into the tournament. With several injuries and resting of key players ahead of the five Tests they will play against Bangladesh and Australia, the squad is likely to have a different look.
Openers
If there is one area when India will have to try out new things it will be at the top of the order. Rohit Sharma is still not fully fit and that is likely to mean that KL Rahul, who batted in the middle-order in the West Indies T20I series will open the innings. With match practice in short supply, Shikhar Dhawan, who finished as India's third-leading run-scorer in T20Is in 2016 looks set to continue.
While the battle for the third opening slot likely to be between Mandeep Singh, who impressed in the Zimbabwe series and Rishabh Pant, who has been setting the Ranji Trophy on fire this season. With Rohit likely to be back well ahead of the Champions Trophy, the selectors might look to take a punt on Pant and reward them for their rich vein of form.
Middle-order
Virat Kohli, who finished 2016 as the leading run-scorer in international cricket across all formats, captain MS Dhoni are two certainties in the squad. With Ajinkya Rahane not yet fully fit, India might have to rely on Manish Pandey, who didn't have an especially great 2016 despite a match-winning century against Australia in Sydney.
Extra Cover: Yuvraj Singh believes they still have a lot to offer India
On the back of their impressive triple century in Chennai and their consistent performances in the IPL, Karun Nair looks likely to get the nod. And a flurry of injuries might mean a recall for Suresh Raina, who has a very good record against England in T20Is. The other all-rounder slot might go Deepak Hooda, ahead of Yuvraj Singh, courtesy of their domestic performances with Hardik Pandya still not fit.
Bowlers
With Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja likely to be rested, Jayant Yadav and Axar Patel currently out injured, India just have one front-line international spinner in Amit Mishra. The lack of options and impressive domestic performances might mean that Kuldeep Yadav and Shahbaz Nadeem finally get their chance.
Despite their impressive IPL performances, the presence of Amit Mishra, who has been in great form in the shorter formats for India, might mean Yuzvendra Chahal will have to wait theirs turn.
With Mohammed Shami and Umesh Yadav likely to be rested as well, Jasprit Bumrah, Ashish Nehra and Bhuvneshwar Kumar look set to complete the 15-man squad.
What next?
As the three-match T20I series will be followed by a Test against Bangladesh, four against Australia and then the Indian Premier League, India will have to make the most of the series as they prepare for the Champions Trophy.
Sportskeeda's take
With matches in short supply, India will have to pick a squad that will not just win this series but also plan with the Champions Trophy in mind. As a result, this series and the squad they choose will be crucial even if India won't play another T20I for nearly six months upon the completion of this series.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
State Rep. Kevin Haggerty's days of skipping votes in Harrisburg without consequences could soon end.
Using a rare tactic, Rep. Mike Carroll, D-118, Avoca, objected today to listing Haggerty's chronic absence as excused.
If Haggerty doesn't appear for votes and Carroll or someone else objects to their absence on four more consecutive legislative voting days, the House could take away Haggerty's House privileges — salary, health care and other benefits — until they start showing up, according to House rules.
Efforts to reach Haggerty, a Dunmore resident who represents to the 112th House district, were unsuccessful.
House Democratic spokesperson Bill Patton and House Republican spokesperson Steve Miskin could not remember anyone objecting to another member's leave before. The last time the House held a member in contempt — the first step toward stripping privileges —was decades ago, they said.
“Since July 22, the people of the 112th district have not had a voice or a vote in Harrisburg,” Carroll said in a statement. “While I understand family responsibilities are of utmost concern, an absence from representing over 60,000 people for nearly five months has serious consequences for our region and state. I'm hopeful today's action will result in careful examination of next steps for Rep. Haggerty.”
Haggerty last voted on July 22. The House did not meet in August. It reconvened Sept. 11 and Haggerty has missed every session day since, more than 200 votes in all. The House has granted them excused leave each day they missed at their request, an automatic approval that does not require a member to explain the absence. No one objected until Carroll did. House Speaker Mike Turzai, an Allegheny County Republican, agreed the leave would no longer be excused, Patton said.
Haggerty has defended their absence by saying they have to stay near their two young children because they are struggling with and theirs and their wife's divorce.
The earliest Haggerty could lose their privileges is January. They would have to miss a total of five legislative session days before anything could happen to him, according to a House rule addressing chronic absenteeism. The House is scheduled to meet Tuesday and maybe Wednesday, but not again until next month.
If Haggerty misses five consecutive legislative days and Carroll or someone else objects each time, it would take at least five House members to move to have the Household Haggerty in contempt. The full House would have to vote to hold them in contempt. If the House approved, Haggerty would lose their privileges.
“I'm hoping it doesn't come to that,” Carroll said in a telephone interview from Harrisburg. “I'm hoping this exercise will result in them finding a way to get down here.”
Carroll, who also represents part of Lackawanna County, said Haggerty's absence matters less on final passage of a bill, noting Republicans' 31-vote majority, but could make a difference as the House votes on bill amendments. The successful or failure of amendments sometimes comes down to one or two votes, they said.
Many people encounter into family problems, but five months is more than long enough to square them away and carry out legislative duties, Carroll said.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9147; @BorysBlogTT on Twitter
Yu Ning
THE police of Hengyang in Hunan Province detained a 35-year-old man on Saturday who
allegedly threatened on a Sina Weibo microblog account to stage a massacre at a train station. One day later, the people's procuratorate of Changshu in Jiangsu Province arrested a man on charges of spreading terrorist and extremist content online. They allegedly spread a horror video depicting bloody scenes on WeChat. The case is under investigation.
As our dependence on the internet increases, so do threats posed by cyberterrorism. At a time when online terrorism has become a grave challenge worldwide, the two cases deserve our attention.
Terrorism doesn't merely refer to organized terror attacks. The threat of violence or the dissemination of articles, images, speeches or videos online that promote terrorism or encourage violence are also forms of terrorism. There must be a zero tolerance policy.
Although the US often points an accusing finger at China's clearing of online terrorist content, Washington itself has adopted a harsh attitude toward those making online terrorist threats. A 22-year-old Texas man was recently released from three years in prison for using fake email accounts, Twitter accounts and internet-based phone accounts to threaten to kill a police officer and their family.
China is a victim of cyberterrorism. Its western region of Xinjiang has been plagued by violent terror attacks in recent years. One of the most important and direct reasons is that the East Turkestan Islamic Movement took advantage of the internet to disseminate propaganda and inspire new followers.
Sixteen terrorists launched an attack in Lukqun, a township in Turpan prefecture of Xinjiang on June 26, 2013, leaving 35 dead. The principal criminal of the gang, Ekrem Usman, confessed that they watched online videos which instigated them to launch jihad.
As the internet brings people closer, a grave reality is that it has also become an increasingly powerful tool for terrorists and made it easier for them to reach more people, share information, coordinate attacks, raise funds and recruit. Not just China but many countries in the world are facing terrorism too rampant, serious and persistent to diminish anytime soon. By no means can we allow the internet to slip into becoming a haven for terrorism.
One effective way is to intensify surveillance, better police what is available online, severely crack down on content that promotes terrorism and strengthen anti-online terrorism legislation. This is what China is doing now.
—Courtesy: Global Times
Google's close to plugging a long-standing gap in its public cloud, with its Cloud Spanner distributed relational database hitting public beta.
In January, we noted that Cloud Spanner, first detailed in a 2012 white paper, had landed as alpha in 2014 but was yet to become a commercial offering.
The beta announced February 14 brings that a step closer.
Cloud Spanner's product manager Deepti Srivastava writes that it's a “have cake and eat it” proposition, supporting “Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability” (ACID) in transactions and preserving SQL semantics, “without giving up horizontal scaling and high availability”.
The Chocolate Factory will handle high availability and disaster protection for users, and promises data-layer encryption, identity and access management, and audit logging.
Pricing – which Google told us in January is the detail in which lives the devil – is fairly straightforward:
Cloud Spanner nodes are charged on a per-hour (minimum one hour) basis, according to the maximum number of nodes that exists in each hour (US$0.90 per node per hour);
Storage (in GB, for tables and secondary indexes) is averaged over a month, and charged by a monthly rate ($0.30 per GB per month); and
Bandwidth in GB is charged by traffic exiting Cloud Spanner, while ingress traffic is free.
Egress traffic within a region is free, and between regions in the USA is a cent per GB. Internationally, traffic charges are more complex:
GB per Month (egress only) Australia China (excluding Hong Kong) Rest of World (including Hong Kong) Up to 1 TB $0.19 per GB $0.23 per GB $0.12 per GB 1 TB to 10 TB $0.18 per GB $0.22 per GB $0.11 per GB 10 TB + $0.15 per GB $0.20 per GB $0.08 per GB
(Cue outrage from Australian readers suffering from the country's high Internet transit costs.)
Srivastava adds Cloud Spanner “supports distributed transactions, schemas and DDL statements, SQL queries and JDBC drivers and offers client libraries for the most popular languages, including Java, Go, Python and Node.js.”
Google's posted a product video to YouTube, below. ®
Youtube Video
RENTON, Wash. -- The Seattle Seahawks are optimistic that starting left tackle Rees Odhiambo will be available for Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Rams, after they spent time in the hospital last week with a chest injury.
Odhiambo was injured in Seattle's win over the Indianapolis Colts when they took a hit to the chest on an interception return. They had trouble breathing while finishing the game, and the problem worsened after the game to the point that Odhiambo needed medical attention from paramedics, who took them out of the locker room on a stretcher. They spent Sunday night in the hospital, where they were diagnosed with a bruised sternum, according to the team.
Odhiambo practiced Wednesday, sat out Thursday and practiced again Friday as a full participant.
"He had a good Wednesday and a good Friday," coach Pete Carroll said. "We gave them a break on Thursday just to make sure we didn't overdo it. And they look like he's ready to go."
Carroll said Odhiambo's turnaround has been somewhat surprising.
"He went through quite a big game night and then they bounced back really well right after that, though," Carroll said. "He was upgraded on Wednesday because they felt that good and they went ahead and practiced and all that. We weren't sure of that. So from that point is when we started getting all the positive signals that he's OK and all that. So they recovered well. They took great care of them and kept them out of harm's way, and we're fortunate that everything worked out fine."
Carroll also said Friday that the team hasn't ruled out the possibility of rookie defensive lineman Malik McDowell playing this season. McDowell, the team's top draft pick, has been out since they were injured in a summer ATV accident.
The team has declined to disclose much about the nature or severity of McDowell's injuries, citing the wishes of McDowell's family. Carroll previously said a concussion was one of the injuries McDowell suffered in the accident. On Friday, Carroll called it a "really bad concussion" and said McDowell will be reassessed within the next few weeks.
"There's been some conversation, different camps about where they are and how he's doing," Carroll said. "So the checkups are really important and we'll just see. We have not ruled that thought out that they can come back."
Carroll gave no timetable for when McDowell may be able to return this season. He's on the non-football injury list and therefore is eligible to begin practicing at the start of Week 7.
Chosen in the second round out of Michigan State, McDowell was expected to be a key part of the Seahawks' defensive line rotation as a rookie, particularly as an interior pass-rusher on third down. But the team made a surprise announcement on the first day of training camp that they had been injured in a vehicular accident -- which was later revealed to have involved an ATV -- a few weeks earlier.
At the end of the preseason, the Seahawks acquired Sheldon Richardson in a trade with the Jets with an eye toward filling the role they had in mind for McDowell.
Cornerback Jeremy Lane (groin) and running back C.J. Prosise (ankle) are listed as doubtful for Sunday's game against the Rams. If Lane can't play, rookie Shaquill Griffin will start at right cornerback and Justin Coleman will take over in the slot, where Lane usually moves in passing situations. J.D. McKissic likely will help handle third-down duties in Prosise's absence, while Thomas Rawls and Eddie Lacy will be the team's main early-down options.
Defensive end Quinton Jefferson, who was signed this week off the Rams' practice squad, won't play after breaking their hand in practice on Wednesday. Carroll said Jefferson likely will be out for about a month. The team previously ruled out starting defensive end Cliff Avril because of a neck injury that Carroll said could be a long-term issue.
Carroll said defensive end Dion Jordan and cornerback DeShawn Shead, who are both out with knee injuries, have a chance to return this season. Jordan, the third overall pick by the Miami Dolphins in 2013, is on the non-football injury list, while Shead, a former starter for Seattle, is on the physically unable to perform list. They're both eligible to begin practicing at the start of Week 7.
Baghdad
The Iraqi army is reportedly combing through the expansive western Anbar Province for possible pockets of the Takfiri Daesh terrorist group, which the country defeated territorially last December.
Kurdish Rudaw television network reported on Saturday that the Iraqi army was carrying out an inclusive operation covering Anbar's desert areas right up to the province's border with Saudi Arabia to hunt down any remaining Daesh terrorists.
It cited Mahmood Falahi, the commander of Anbar Operations Command, as saying that the operation had started earlier in the day.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declared victory over the group on December 9, 2017 after the army and its allies retook the last urban areas in western Iraq from the Takfiri militants. Ever since, the army has been rooting out small Daesh cells in Anbar and in the vicinity of the north-central Iraqi Saladin Province.
Abadi declares end of war on Daesh: Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares ultimate victory over the Daesh terrorist group in the Arab country.
Meanwhile, Iraq's Joint Operations Command said that the forces were conducting an operation based on “accurate intelligence about the presence of a terrorist leader, Karim Afat Ali al-Samirmd, in one of houses in [Anbar's] al-Baghdadi District to meet with a terrorist cell.”
Daesh began a terror campaign in Iraq in 2014, overrunning vast swathes in lightning attacks. A United States-led coalition started a campaign of aerial bombing against purported Daesh targets the same year. As the coalition made little progress, the Iraqi army and its allied forces retook territory during fighting on the ground.—Agencies
The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on their estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old music icon left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Come and Join us for a 36 Hole Golf Tournament Against Amateurs in the
#1 Destination for Golf in the Caribbean
Las Vegas
Ronda Rousey's UFC comeback didn't even last a minute.
Rousey was stopped 48 seconds into their first fight in 13 months Friday night, losing to bantamweight champion Amanda Nunes at UFC 207.
Rousey (12-2) never managed to get their footing against Nunes (14-4), who rocked Rousey with their very first punches. Rousey showed little defensive acumen as they staggered and stumbled backward with Nunes relentlessly pursuing them and landing 27 punches in the brief bout.
“Forget about Ronda Rousey!” Nunes shouted to the sellout crowd. “She's going to go do movies. Forget about them They have a lot of money already.”
Indeed, Rousey's future in the sport is clearly in question. The biggest star in the women's game, who left the arena without giving an interview, is likely considering retirement shortly before their 30th birthday.
“That's it for her,” Nunes said. “For sure, she's going to retire.”
Referee Herb Dean stopped the bout with Rousey still on their feet, and Rousey briefly protested the stoppage before leaving the cage in their mother's arms. Nunes put their finger to their lips and circled the cage after the stoppage, pausing to taunt Rousey's much-maligned coach, Edmond Tarverdyan.
“Her coach put some crazy things in their head, and their career started going down,” Nunes said. “I'm the real striker here.”
Cody Garbrandt won the men's bantamweight title in the penultimate bout at UFC 207, battering champion Dominick Cruz to earn a surprising decision victory at T-Mobile Arena in the promotion's traditional end-of-the-year show in its hometown.
But the sellout crowd left shocked when Rousey couldn't compete in their first fight since losing their belt to Holly Holm 13 months ago in their first career defeat.
Rousey became arguably the world's most famous female athlete and a combat sports trailblazer while they rocketed atop the UFC, but a year away from the sport apparently did little to heal the holes in their game. They made a guaranteed $3 million for their comeback bout, while Nunes' guaranteed payday was just $200,000.
“I knew I was going to beat (Rousey),” Nunes said. “I'm the best on the planet.”
Rousey hadn't fought since November 2015, when Holly Holm stopped them with a head kick in one of the biggest upsets in MMA history. Rousey had never lost or been in much trouble while the former Olympic judo medalist earned a series of one-sided victories, but Holm's veteran striking made Rousey look unprepared.
Nunes claimed the belt at UFC 200 in July with a violent stoppage of Miesha Tate, who had beaten Holm in March. Nunes made an impressive ascent after losing three fights earlier in their career to opponents beaten easily by Rousey.—AP
Google's Contact app is now available on Lollipop and higher.
The contact application isn't something most people worry too much about when they set up a new device. So long as the user can synchronize their contact information and make any necessary edits throughout time, what else is there to worry about? Well, good design is something users may appreciate, and today users will have one more option for contact management.
Google's Contact application was previously exclusive to Nexus and Pixel devices, but starting today the application is now available for all devices running Android 5.0 Lollipop and newer (75% of all Android devices). For those that don't see the application available in the Play Store, Android Police has the APK file for manual installation.
I was able to open the Google Contacts web page on the Play Store, and have the application download to my OnePlus 3T. Just as you'd expect, I was able to load my contacts, make any edits, and have those edits saved to my Google account. I was able to load separate contacts for my personal Gmail and my Mobile Nations account, so others that use multiple accounts would be covered.
The application supports launching a new phone call or new SMS message from a contact's page, so this would be a suitable replacement for anyone to use instead of the included Contact application. It also supports the ability to import contacts saved to a SIM card, for users that still do that for some reason. The application also includes the ability to sort contacts by first name or last name, displaying the contact's first name (ex. Tom Westrick) or the last name first (ex. Westrick, Tom) and the ability to manage blocked numbers.
Are you going to download the Google Contacts application? Let us know down below!
CHARLOTTESVILLE - Years before a 20-year-old Ohio man allegedly rammed their car into a panicked crowd of activists in Charlottesville, it was their disabled mother who was terrified.
James Alex Fields Jr. was barely a teenager in 2010 when their mother - who uses a wheelchair - locked themselves in a bathroom, called 911 and said their son had struck their head and put their hands over their mouth when they told them to stop playing a video game, according to police records. On another occasion, records show, they brandished a 12-inch knife. Once, they spit in their face.
Mom is scared they are going to become violent here ," a dispatcher wrote in a log of the November 2011 call in which Fields's mother, Samantha Bloom, requested police help in getting their son to a hospital for assessment.
The portrait of a violent teen emerged as Fields was denied bail Monday during their first court appearance in connection with the Charlottesville attack that killed one and injured 19 others when their Dodge Challenger plowed into a mass of counterprotesters at a white nationalist rally Saturday.  They are charged with second-degree murder, hit and run and three counts of malicious wounding.
Prosecutors did not detail the evidence against Fields, who appeared via a video link from the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail. Fields came to Virginia to attend the rally, according to Bloom, who spoke to reporters over the weekend.
Fields replied, "No, sir," when asked in court whether they have any ties to the Charlottesville community.
The college town, along with the nation, continued to grapple with the violence that took three lives, including two Virginia state troopers who were killed when their helicopter crashed in woods not far from Charlottesville. Heather Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, was killed when Fields barreled toward them and other counterprotesters "at a high rate of speed," police said.
A few hours after the court hearing, President Trump responded to growing criticism about their initial response to the violence by singling out the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and other white supremacists as "criminals and thugs . . . that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Earlier on Monday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in television appearances that the violence met the definition of domestic terrorism. Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said that their department responded to 250 calls on Saturday and that officers were still taking reports of assault from the weekend.
Thomas defended their department's handling of the explosive convergence of white nationalists from around the country and hundreds of counterprotesters. Both sides have criticized the failure of officers to keep the sides apart, but Thomas said officers coped and they could with protesters, who were determined to cause trouble despite agreements worked out in advance.
"We worked out a plan to bring the groups in," Thomas said at a news conference. "They changed the plan and entered the park in different directions."
Richard Spencer, a leader of the alt-right, which calls for a form of American apartheid, told reporters Monday that their group would "one hundred percent" return to Charlottesville to protest the planned removal of a Robert E. Lee statue. They also held their followers blameless in the Charlottesville melee.
Speaking in their Alexandria office after two Washington hotels canceled their reservations, Spencer said that blame for the deadly attack fell on authorities who they said failed to keep order.
"Mayor Mike Signer and Governor Terry McAuliffe have blood on their hands," they said. "Their job is to keep order. They kept chaos."
Spencer also refused to condemn Fields, claiming that they had seen video footage of Fields's car being attacked by someone with a baseball bat.
"I'm not going to condemn this young man at this point," they said. "This man could have lost control because they felt in danger and slammed on the accelerator and unintentionally killed someone."
Spencer also dismissed Trump's condemnation of white supremacists as "hollow and vapid . . . kumbaya nonsense."
"I don't think anyone takes it seriously, including the president," they said.
At their appearance before Judge Robert H. Downer Jr. in Charlottesville General District Court, Fields said they could not afford an attorney and was appointed one by the court.
Fields, who served a four-month stint in the Army in 2015, worked for about two years as a security guard in Ohio, earning $10.50 an hour and taking home about $650 every two weeks, according to income information filed with the court.
The judge informed Fields that they could not be defended by the Charlottesville public defender's office because a relative of someone who works for the office was involved in Saturday's incident. They did not specify whether that meant the protests or the crash.
"I'm going to make a decision that you could not have a bond until you see your attorney," the judge said in appointing Charles L. Weber Jr. to represent Fields.
Downer set Aug. 25, at 11 a.m., as the next court date to consider scheduling of a preliminary hearing.
The judge asked Fields whether they understood everything that had taken place, and Fields responded, "Yes, sir."
The city's decision this year to change the name of Lee Park to Emancipation Park and to order the removal of the Robert E. Lee statue from the park has made it a lightning rod for white nationalists and extremists who see the moves as an attempt to erase white history.
Weber, Fields's court-appointed attorney, is one of a dozen plaintiffs in a lawsuit seeking to stop the removal of the Lee statue.
The lawsuit, filed on March 20, describes Weber as a Vietnam fighter pilot with "a special interest in the protection and preservation of war memorials and monuments located in the City, including those of Generals Lee and Jackson."
Those who wish to defend the statues had "no recourse but to proceed in a court of law," they told The Washington Post when the suit was filed.
Weber did not return repeated calls on Monday.
The 911 records indicating Fields's teenage outbursts, first reported by the website TMZ, cover police calls made while Fields and their mother lived in Florence, Ky., about 20 minutes southwest of Cincinnati. In the past year, they moved near Toledo. The records seem to indicate that they were arrested and held in juvenile detention after the November 2011 call.
In the 2010 call, Bloom reported that their son had struck them in the head and threatened to beat them after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom said their son was taking medication to control their temper and told authorities that they were locked in the bathroom.
In October of the following year, Bloom called 911 to say that their son was "being very threatening toward her" and that they didn't feel "in control of the situation," according to a dispatcher's notes.
And in November 2011, police were asked to come to the house because Bloom was said to want their son to be assessed at a hospital, according to the records. They had spat in their face, said the caller, whose connection to the family is not clear in the records.
The previous night, Fields had stood behind their mother with a 12-inch knife, the caller reported.
"Scared mom to death not knowing if they were going to do something," the dispatcher's report continued.
In Charlottesville on Monday, the late-summer rhythms of the college town began to reassert themselves. Parents helped students move into dorms and apartments ahead of the first day of classes at the University of Virginia next week. In places, it almost seemed as if the violence that shook the country had never happened.
Pedestrians made their way silently to one of two impromptu memorials for Heyer.
But at the center of it all, leaning against the controversial statue of the Confederate general, stood a reminder of all that had changed.
A hand-lettered sign read "Heyer Memorial Park" - an informal name change for a contested space.
(c) 2017, The Washington Post. Written by Jack Gillum, Michael E. Miller, Arelis R. HernaNdez, Steve Hendrix. The Washington Post's Joe Heim, Justin Wm. Moyer and James Higdon contributed to this report.
Raising the minimum wage increases the chance employers will automate low-skill jobs away, according to a paper published this week through National Bureau of Economic Research, a non-profit group of econ wonks.
In People Versus Machines: The Impact of Minimum Wages on Automatable Jobs, Grace Lordan, associate professor in health economics at the London School of Economics, and David Neumark, professor of economics at the University of California, Irvine, show that raising the minimum wage may have unintended consequences.
"Overall, we find that increasing the minimum wage decreases significantly the share of automatable employment held by low-skilled workers," the paper says. "Our estimates suggest that an increase of the minimum wage by $1 (based on 2015 dollars) decreases the share of low-skilled automatable jobs by 0.43 percentage point (an elasticity of −0.11)."
Using census data from 1980-2015, the researchers found that the correlation between people with automatable jobs becoming unemployed following a minimum wage increase is most pronounced among those employed in the manufacturing industry and is largest among the oldest and youngest workers and among females and blacks.
"[T]he main message from our work is that groups often ignored in the minimum wage literature are in fact quite vulnerable to employment changes and job loss because of automation following a minimum wage increase," the paper says.
The paper's findings appear to buttress arguments that automation will lead to more unemployment, a scenario supported by another recent NBER paper, "Robots and Jobs: Evidence from US Labor Markets." That paper found that where industrial robots were deployed, between 1990 and 2007, both employment and wages declined significantly.
Yet Neumark, in a phone interview with The Register, scoffed at the notion of robot-driven mass unemployment. "There's an age old debate about automation and jobs," they said. "If we believed what that debate had to say, then no one would have a job anymore."
"Some jobs will disappear," said Neumark. "That always happens. If you were a buggy driver, cars stunk."
Automation will happen even without raising the minimum wage, said Neumark, and it will reduce the use of labor.
"There's a really deep question that's really had to get at," they said. "Does that mean this is a bad thing? We don't want to say making labor more efficient is a bad thing."
Neumark stressed the research is not trying to suggest a particular policy response. "I don't think it's clearly good or bad," they said. "There are some costs to raising the minimum wage. ...There are winners and losers and policymakers have to make some choices." ®
Sponsored: The Joy and Pain of Buying IT - Have Your Say
SHANE Cooper-Clark's 12th minute penalty was enough to maintain Thatcham Town's unbeaten start to the season in the Uhlsport Hellenic League with their win at Brimscombe and Thrupp.
What was to be the decisive goal came after Jemel Johnson was shoved over by defender Tom Pass and Shane Cooper-Clark scored from the spot.
Johnson and Ekow Elliott went close before Ollie Pitt hit the woodwork for the home side, but Thatcham's task was made more difficult when Elliott was shown a straight red card before the break.
But the visitors closed ranks after the break, surviving a second scare when Pitts was again denied by the woodwork shortly before the end.
AFC ALDERMASTON'S kick-off game ended with a 4-2 home defeat at the hands of Wokingham and Emmbrook in Division One East.
The visitors survived a first half ‘sending off' that was cancelled out, to go on and take a 3-1 interval lead, holding off goals from Kai Parton-Edey and substitute Dan Alliston to take the points with two goals from Elliot Rushforth and one apiece from James Knight sand Luke Scope.
A new – and theoretical – system for blockchain -based data storage could ensure that hackers will not be able to crack cryptocurrencies once the quantum era starts. The idea, proposed by researchers at the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand, would secure cryptocurrency futures for decades using a blockchain technology that is like a time machine.
You can check out their findings here.
To understand what's going on here we have to define some terms. A blockchain stores every transaction in a system on what amounts to an immutable record of events. The work necessary for maintaining and confirming this immutable record is what is commonly known as mining . But this technology – which the paper's co-author Del Rajan claims will make up “10 percent of global GDP… by 2027” – will become insecure in an era of quantum computers.
Therefore the solution is to store a blockchain in a quantum era requires a quantum blockchain using a series of entangled photons. Further, Spectrum writes: “Essentially, current records in a quantum blockchain are not merely linked to a record of the past, but rather a record in the past, one does that not exist anymore.”
Yeah, it's weird.
From the paper intro:
Our method involves encoding the blockchain into a temporal GHZ (Greenberger–Horne–Zeilinger) state of photons that do not simultaneously coexist. It is shown that the entanglement in time, as opposed to an entanglement in space, provides the crucial quantum advantage. All the subcomponents of this system have already been shown to be experimentally realized. Perhaps more shockingly, our encoding procedure can be interpreted as non-classically influencing the past; hence this decentralized quantum blockchain can be viewed as a quantum networked time machine.
In short, the quantum blockchain is immutable because the photons that it contains do not exist at the current time but are still extant and readable. This means the entire blockchain is visible but cannot be “touched” and the only entry you would be able to try to tamper with is the most recent one. In fact, the researchers write, “In this spatial entanglement case, if an attacker tries to tamper with any photon, the full blockchain would be invalidated immediately.”
Is this possible? The researchers note that the technology already exists.
“Our novel methodology encodes a blockchain into these temporally entangled states, which can then be integrated into a quantum network for further useful operations. We will also show that entanglement in time, as opposed to entanglement in space, plays the pivotal role for the quantum benefit over a classical blockchain,” the authors write. “As discussed below, all the subsystems of this design have already been shown to be experimentally realized. Furthermore, if such a quantum blockchain were to be constructed, we will show that it could be viewed as a quantum networked time machine.”
Don't worry about having to update your Bitcoin wallet, though. This process is still theoretical and not at all available to mere mortals. That said, it's nice to know someone is looking out for our quantum future, however weird it may be.
Google had a lot of new hardware to show off at its October 4 event, but there are also a lot of new software features coming to Google Home that flew under the radar. Let's talk about them.
Google's been rather busy as of late with the announcements of the Pixel 2/Pixel 2 XL, Home Mini, Home Max, Pixel Buds, Pixelbook, and Google Clips. All of this new hardware looks very enticing, and while Google is doing its best to turn itself into a hardware company, its true prowess will always lie with software.
Quite a few software features for the Google Home lineup were announced alongside all of Google's shiny new hardware, and in case they slipped by you, here's a breakdown of what to expect:
Changing Google Home's voice
Since its launch this time last year, the Google Assistant on Google Home has only spoken in a female voice. It's one of the more natural-sounding AI voices around, but if you want to switch things up a bit, you can now change the sound of the Assistant's voice from a female's to a male's. This doesn't alter Home's functionality, but if you want to inject some more testosterone into your Assistant's pitch, you now have the option to do so.
Related: How to get the male Google Assistant voice on your phone and Google Home
Games and learning activities for families
Google recently made its Family Link service widely available for families in the United States, giving parents a host of services and tools for helping to manage their kids' time spent looking at screens. Children's accounts created with Family Link will soon be supported on Google Home, and along with this, a variety of new family activities will also be coming to the smart speaker.
More than 50 of these activities will be available, and by saying "Ok Google, let's play a game" or "Ok Google, let's learn", parents and kids can play through Micky Mouse and Justice League-themed adventures, learn about astronomy with Space Trivia, and even listen to classic stories like Snow White.
Related: Google Family Link is now invite-free for parents in the U.S.
Automated routines
Many of us find that we develop certain routines that we naturally do throughout the day, and soon, your Google Home/Assistant will be able to make your routines even more efficient. If you consistently turn on specific lights throughout your house and always set the room at a certain temperature, saying "Ok Google, I'm home" as you're walking through the front door will turn on your desired lights, warm up the house to just the right temperature, and anything else that you want to be triggered with that command.
Turning Google Home into an intercom
Although yelling downstairs for your kids to come up for dinner technically gets the job done, Google wants you to be able to be able to round up the family for quality time without straining your vocal chords beforehand.
Thanks to a new feature called "Broadcast", you'll be able to say "Ok Google, broadcast: dinner will be ready in 10 minutes" to have this message played throughout all Google Homes throughout your house. Broadcast will also work remotely from your phone, meaning that you can say something like "Ok Google, broadcast: coming home now" to let everyone at home know that you'll be back soon.
Deep integration with Nest products
Last but not least, Google Home is also getting some serious integration with Nest's lineup of smart home gadgets. Starting now, saying "Ok Google, show me the entryway on my TV" will cast a livestream of your Nest Camera onto your Android TV or television with Chromecast built-in.
As if that wasn't good enough, next year Google Home will work hand-in-hand with the Nest Hello's Familiar Faces function. When someone rings the doorbell on Nest Hello and the built-in camera recognizes who's at the door, all Google Homes will then broadcast an audio message to let you know who's there.
Find your phone
Trying to track down a lost phone is never fun, but this ordeal is about to get a lot easier if you have a Google Home. Currently rolling out now to all users, you can now say "Ok Google, ring my phone" or "Ok Google, where's my phone" to have Google Home play an audio tune on your device so you can quickly locate it. Better yet, Google Home will force your phone to ring as loud as possible even if it's on Do Not Disturb or the volume is turned down.
When will all of this be available?
Unfortunately, actual release dates for a lot of these features aren't very clear. Google says that the majority of them are "coming soon", but that's all we know for the time being. When they do eventually arrive, we'll be sure to let you know so you can start playing around with them as soon as possible.
New York City skyline (by Flickr user AngMoKio) Enlarge Photo
The scenery of Central Park will soon be car-free after Mayor Bill de Blasio announced the changes coming in a few months. In the process, Central Park, one of New York City's largest green spaces for urban dwellers, will transform to become a place simply for pedestrians.
The New York Times reported on Friday that traffic will cease to flow through the park starting June 27. However, 65th, 79th, 86th and 97th Streets will remain open. The streets run below the park to keep traffic flowing from one side of Manhatten to the other.
City officials, who have considered London-style congestion charges in the past, will still permit emergency and Parks Department vehicles into the park, while pedicabs and horse-drawn carriages will also be allowed. The officials believe the impact on traffic flow will be minimal and New York police will be on hand the first few weeks to help with the traffic flow adjustment.
The announcement comes as major cities continuously suffer from gridlock and congestion problems. Meanwhile, the concept of owning and driving a vehicle continues to shift in today's modern automobile industry. Ride- and car-sharing services have changed the way people move about many cities, and NYC is no different. Many residents have ditched cars altogether.
Some individuals aren't particularly happy about the decision, though. While runners and cyclists celebrated the news, cab drivers complained Central Park was a place to escape traffic.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A number of old NFL playbooks that were found in a garage sale in upstate New York have hit eBay.
Collector Patrick Donning said they found the playbooks in a box at a garage sale in North Tonawanda, New York, a city located 14 miles north of Buffalo, and purchased them.
Included in the collection, all listed individually by Donning on the auction site, are 2004 Detroit Lions defensive and secondary playbooks, 2006 and 2007 Buffalo Bills defensive playbooks, a 2008 Bills training camp playbook and a Lions 2009 defensive playbook.
The 2006 Bills playbook is first to close on Monday afternoon and has a high bid of $325.
Playbooks don't commonly come up for public sale.
Among the highest-priced playbooks that have sold: Mike Ditka's Super Bowl XX playbook ($14,340), Jerry Rice's rookie San Francisco 49ers playbook ($6,573) and Dallas Cowboys coach Tom Landry's 1972 playbook ($6,095).
Many teams now have their playbooks on tablets, which can be wiped remotely wipe if lost. That's what the New York Jets did in December 2014 when defensive back Josh Thomas took to Twitter hoping someone would find it.
There was even a criminal matter over a playbook. In 1972, former Los Angeles Rams quarterback Karl Sweetan tried to sell their old playbook to New Orleans Saints head coach J.D. Roberts for $2,500. Roberts reported it to the league, who passed it along to the FBI. Sweeten was charged with sale of stolen property and wire fraud. They ultimately aren't indicted after the authorities determined the playbook wasn't worth $5,000, which was the minimum threshold to follow through with the legal proceedings.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:05 pm |
New Jersey Transit buses have resumed normal service into New York City after the Port Authority Bus Terminal reopened, following the terror attack Monday morning.
NJ Transit on Monday diverted buses to Newark, Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, passengers could take trains or PATH into the city.
NJ Transit says its trains will continue to cross-honor bus tickets all day. Ferries will accept bus tickets until 8 p.m.
PATH is no longer cross-honoring.
NATIONAL
The Central European Jazz Connection, a quartet comprised of musicians from the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia, plays at a concert at the JCC Art Center in Seoul on Wednesday. (Hungarian Embassy)
In celebration of the rotational presidency of the Visegrad Group -- also known as the V4, an alliance of four Central European states the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia -- the Hungarian Embassy held the concert “European Quartet One Melody” at the JCC Art Center in Seoul on Wednesday.The Central European Jazz Connection, an internationally acclaimed quartet comprised of musicians from the four countries, played harmonized melodies. Hungarian trumpeter and flugelhorn player Fekete Kovacs Kornel, Slovakian guitarist Matus Jakabcic, Polish pianist Kuba Stankiewicz and Czech bassist Tomas Baros played their tunes as they have done in major cities around the world.The V4 group -- named after the historical Hungarian town, Visegrad, north of Budapest on the Danube -- was established in February, 1991, among the erstwhile Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Poland, with their collective aim of joining the European Union and North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Since Czechoslovakia split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993, the group became an association of the four nations.In 2014, Korea and V4 launched their “V4+ROK” cooperation mechanism -- part of the “V4+” channels between the nations and their major partners around the world -- encompassing political dialogue, social exchange, tourism, science and technology and innovation. Hungary has assumed the presidency since July 1.By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CREVE COEUR, MO - Armed with rifles, masked robbers fired shots inside a Creve Coeur jewelry store Monday afternoon. Vincent's Jewelers, located at the intersection of Olive Boulevard and Ballas Road, was robbed around 2:40pm. Police quickly arrived and determined that the four masked suspects, armed with rifles, had fled the scene in a dark-colored pick-up truck. Employees said that multiple shots had been fired inside the store by the suspects, but no employees or customers had been hurt.
Police did find some blood at the scene, indicating that a suspect was injured by flying/broken glass related to the gunshots.
The suspect vehicle is a 2002-2004 Dodge Ram quad-cab, either dark blue or black with silver low panels and chrome wheels. There were two dog crates in the back at the time of the robbery. It was last seen headed west on Olive towards I-270.
The suspects took an undetermined amount of merchandise before fleeing.
Creve Coeur police are investigating. Anyone with information should call 314-737-4600 or, if you wish to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 866-371-TIPS (8477).
Suspects and vehicle from robbery at Vincent's Jewelers. Truck believed to be a Dodge Ram 4-door, black or dark blue over silver. Note the dog kennels in truck bed. Anyone with information is asked to call at 314-737-4600 or STL Crimestoppers at 866-371-TIPS (8477) pic.twitter.com/Pavctw0HXJ — Creve Coeur Police (@CreveCoeurPD) March 19, 2018
Armed robbery at Vincent's Jewelry in Creve Coeur. Police looking for multiple suspects. Police say multiple shots fired by suspect or suspects fortunately no one hurt. pic.twitter.com/gzmNOhsPPd — Jeff Bernthal (@JeffBernthal) March 19, 2018
Ankara
Power outages over the past week, initially thought due to severe weather conditions, in actual fact are a result of a cyberattack on Turkey's national electricity grid Saturday.
At one point, 20 districts on the European side of the city alone were affected by power cuts, including some of the most densely populated areas, according to BEDAS, which distributes electricity to 4.3mn people in Istanbul's European half.
The city of more than 14mn people straddles Europe and Asia across the Bosphorus Strait. There were also widespread outages on the Asian side of Istanbul and electricity providers warned of rolling power cuts into Saturday.—Agencies
LUDLOW - A Ludlow couple was forced from their home after fire damaged an enclosed porch roof.
Ludlow Fire Department spokesperson Captain Richard Machado said the porch roof area of a home at 141 Whitney St., was fully involved in flames when firefighters first arrived at the scene following an 8:30 p.m. call.
They said the two people living in the two-story, wood-framed home were able to escape with their dog. The homeowner called 911 to report the fire and the first police officer on scene was able to confirm.
An "all-call" was put out for all Ludlow Fire Department personnel, including off-duty firefighters, to respond and mutual aid from Wilbraham and Springfield was requested.
Machado said the fire was contained to the enclosed area over the porch, with minimal invasion into the interior space of the house.
Firefighters continued to overhaul, or search for possible hidden fire within the structure, for over an hour after the visible flames were out.
The exact cause of the fire remains under investigation.
Machado said the American Red Cross was called in to assist the homeowners until the house is habitable.
KOSCIUSKO COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO): Two people have been arrested and a warrant has been issued for a third person after police discovered a malnourished child with multiple life-threatening injuries in Nappanee.
24-year-old Rune Springer of Claypool and 38-year-old Travis Tillotson of Nappanee say the child was not in their care when the injuries occurred. Springer is the boy's mother. Still, both have been arrested on felony neglect charges.
Jammy Stacy of Etna Green is charged in a warrant with neglect of a dependent; they were the alleged caretaker of the child for a year.
Springer told police Stacy dropped the child off with numerous injuries and told them not to contact authorities or they'd all end up going to jail.
Police say that among other injuries, the boy was missing multiple parts of their scalp, had several broken teeth, and both of their arms had been broken in multiple places.
Labor Agriculture spokesperson Joel Fitzgibbon gave notice in Federal Parliament overnight that they will propose legislative amendments to ban live sheep exports today.
Mr Fitzgibbon announced their move when declaring Labor's support for new laws brought by Agriculture Minister David Littleproud for tougher penalties for live exporters who breach animal welfare standards.
"It will put a stop to the summer trade at the first immediate opportunity and it will phase out the live sheep trade over a five-year period," Mr Fitzgibbon said.
Their amendments mirror the private members bill of Farrer MP Sussan Ley.
Mr Fitzgibbon says a Labor government would support up-scaling of Australia's sheep meat processing to replace the loss of live exports.
The coming vote will reveal on the floor of parliament the Coalition's support for the sheep trade. Some backbench MPs have warned it is a divisive issue in their electorates.
Ms Ley's bill did not get enough support to make it to a vote, despite backing from Victorian MPs Sarah Henderson and Jason Wood. Queensland MP Warren Entsch has subsequently announced they wanted to see live sheep exports banned.
Mr Littleproud is a strong supporter of live sheep exports and has moved to boost animal welfare standards.
They visited Middle Eastern customers last week to reassure them of Australia's support for the trade.
They have committed to implement all 23 recommendations from the McCarthy review into the live exports in the northern hemisphere summer, which include:
Heat stress will replace mortality rates as the key measure of animal welfare.
The reportable mortality level will be halved, from two to one per cent.
An allometric stocking density system will be introduced, providing for around 39pc more space for sheep on the voyage, and reducing stocking density by about 28pc.
Mr Littleproud said their reforms were designed to support the farm sector and future-proof the sheep trade against future animal welfare controversies.
“I want to make sure there is a legacy, that no matter who comes in after me, that this cannot be broken down,” they said when they released the McCarthy Review in Sydney.
Mr Fitzgibbon has said it's not right for Australia “to continue into the future a trade which can't meet reasonable community animal welfare standards”.
Sheffield's Toys R Us store will close today as the chain's remaining UK outlets close for good.
The Meadowhall Retail Park branch is one of the 13 UK stores still trading - but by the end of today, all the remaining UK branches will have closed, wiping the brand off the British retail scene forever.
The firm entered administration in February and more than 2,000 employees are losing their jobs.
Simon Thomas, Joint Administrator and Partner at administrators Moorfields, said: “We are grateful for the hard work of everybody at Toys “R” Us' during this extremely difficult and challenging time.
"We are working closely with the 2,000 employees affected by the closures to ensure they receive the support they need for redundancy and other compensatory payments.
Achieving profitability less than eighteen months after its launch may seem like a great achievement, but Reliance Jio investors should note that the company may still be capitalising some of its expenses. Photo: Reuters
Bharti Airtel Ltd's December quarter results show its India wireless business ran up losses after accounting for all expenses. The chief culprit: a 57% cut in the interconnection usage charge (IUC) by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India effective 1 October. Idea Cellular Ltd has already been reporting losses for some time now, and they are expected to expand in the three months ended 31 December thanks to the IUC cut.
Airtel's India wireless business reported earnings before interest and tax of Rs167 crore in the quarter. But around 60% of the company's finance cost of Rs2,088 crore is attributable to the India wireless business, according to analysts. As a result, pre-tax losses would be more than Rs1,000 crore.
Ironically, Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd, which started operations a little over a year ago, is expected to report profits for the quarter. Analysts at Jefferies India, Kotak Institutional Equities and Nomura Research have estimated profits for Reliance Industries Ltd's telco business, citing the sharp cut in the IUC, increasing subscriber count and stability in pricing. Because there are far more outgoing calls from Jio's network than incoming calls, it gains from a cut in the IUC.
Another major reason is that the company may still be capitalizing some of its expenses. As such, it makes sense to look at measures other than just reported profits.
A far more important metric would be cash flow, given the fact that each of these firms already operates with high debt. If cash outflow sustains at high levels, debt can reach unwieldy levels. Airtel's India wireless business reported a negative free cash flow of Rs1,427 crore in the December quarter.
Jio's revenues in the September quarter were about half of its cash outflows of Rs11,700 crore in the form of operating and capital expenditure. In rough terms, therefore, it had a huge net cash outflow in that quarter. “Patience may be tested on free cash flow, which we expect to lag Street estimates”, Jefferies India analysts said in a December quarter preview note.
In Edgar Wright's sixth feature film, “Baby Driver,” due out June 28, Ansel Elgort plays a getaway driver whose job is propelled by their own musical playlist. Their cherubic face and gentle nature belie a focused intelligence beyond their years — everything is mapped out in their head, even when those around them think he's not paying attention. They also possess a savant-like skill with music, using it as both motivation and security.
There's a direct correlation between Baby the character and Wright, the writer-director who created him. “You said it, not me!” laughs Wright's longtime producer Nira Park. Baby uses music to drown out their tinnitus, a condition that causes ringing in the ears; Park learned during the making of the film that Wright had the same ailment as a child.
Wright, too, has a quiet, focused intelligence that surfaced when they were in their early 20s working with Park on “Spaced,” the BBC comedy that launched their career. Though they were young — they were once mistaken as a production assistant on the show — Wright already had a singular vision. “One time I explained why there was something we couldn't do, but they stood their ground,” recalls Park. “Back then, it took people by surprise this young kid had a strong vision and wouldn't compromise. And they haven't changed in 20 years.”
At 43, Wright still looks remarkably young, and their unique vision has turned what is known as the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy — “Shaun of the Dead” (2004), “Hot Fuzz” (2007) and the less successful “The World's End” (2013) — into cult favorites. During their hour-long interview with Variety at a Hollywood coffee shop, the filmmaker is recognized by several fans who come up to express their enthusiasm. Wright's direction has become a character in itself and their films are synonymous with dizzying camerawork and finding humor in the most unlikely, often violent, places.
Their first attempt at a big Hollywood movie — Universal Pictures' 2010 release “Scott Pilgrim vs. the World,” an adaptation of a graphic novel — failed miserably. The film cost more than $100 million to produce and market, and it grossed just $47 million worldwide. Five years later, they walked away from directing Marvel's big-budget “Ant-Man” because of creative differences over the script.
“Baby Driver,” which Sony Pictures is releasing, is Wright's latest opportunity for a potential big score with a broad audience. While built on familiar tropes, the movie manages to be wildly original and features an impressive ensemble including Jon Hamm, Jamie Foxx and Kevin Spacey. “This might be my most accessible film,” concurs the writer-director. “It has elements like car chases and gunfights and big stars and beautiful ladies,” including Lily James. “In this day and age of trying to make original movies and get them seen, there's a balancing act of finding something that isn't an existing IP but is familiar and fresh at the same time. So I made a car-chase movie, but it's Edgar Wright's version of a heist movie.”
What it was never meant to be, surprisingly, is a comedy. “When it was first listed online, there was a site that called it an ‘action comedy,' and I asked the studio to change it to ‘action thriller,'” Wright recalls. “While there's a lot of funny stuff, I don't want people to get the wrong idea and think it's going to be like ‘Hot Fuzz.' I read one review saying the first half was a great action comedy, but the second half gets really dark. Well, that was the intention. It's not by mistake — it's by design.”
The idea for “Baby Driver” came to Wright 22 years ago while they were repeatedly listening to “Bellbottoms,” by the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. “I started to visualize this car chase, but I didn't know what the rest of the story was,” they say. “I'm very inspired by music and tend to conjure up scenes inspired by songs. Usually it's with songs that don't already have a significant visual image that goes with them. You wouldn't listen to Michael Jackson's ‘Thriller' and say, ‘I've got a great idea for this!' because there already is one.”
Eventually, Wright developed the idea of a getaway driver who is so committed to music, they can't start driving until they have the proper song. They used this idea in a 2003 music video for the band Mint Royale called “Blue Song,” starring Noel Fielding, prior to the actor's breakthrough on British TV show “The Mighty Boosh.” “That video is essentially the opening scene to ‘Baby Driver,'” Wright notes. “And it kept making the rounds. Every few years, it would pop up and people would remember it.”
After the success of “Hot Fuzz,” Wright signed a deal to make two movies, including “Baby Driver.” But first they had to tackle “Scott Pilgrim” and “The World's End.” They believe that the delay was good for “Baby Driver.” “I would not have been able to make this movie 20 years ago when I was 21. I would not have been able to even make it 10 years ago,” they say. “One thing I did 10 years ago that had a big impact on the film was taken long road trips. I drove from New York to L.A. Then later I drove from L.A. to Vancouver.”
In those trips they listened to music nonstop and came up with ideas central to the plot, such as the character of Baby's love interest (played by James) working in a retro Americana diner. “Every city in every town across the States has one of those old 1950s-style diners,” they say.
Wright completed their first draft in 2011, with many of the songs already written into the script. Only a few additions were made by the time the film was shot, including a seminal moment when Elgort lip-syncs the Commodores' “Easy” — something that came from the actor's audition.
“Edgar was having me lip-sync some of the songs in the script, but I didn't know them as well; they weren't in my bones,” Elgort reveals. “He suggested I do a song I knew well. I chose ‘Easy' and they loved it — in fact, they put it on the sizzle reel they showed to Spacey when they were trying to convince them to sign on.” Elgort was touched to see the song made it into the script. “It became a big part of the movie, and it's great because it's an important song to my life that I've loved since I was 8 or 9 years old.”
Elgort also has a passion for music — they DJ under the name Ansolo — and says that at their first meeting with Wright they spent two hours talking about their favorite music. Only at the end of their conversation did the director mention “Baby Driver.” It was a long process, with Elgort and Wright first meeting in 2014, the actor being formally cast in 2015, and the film shooting in 2016.
The lengthy preproduction time was necessary to clear all the music and plan the elaborate car chases. Wright was determined to not use a green screen and keep everything as practical as possible. They spoke to several action directors, including George Miller and Quentin Tarantino, for advice. “Car chases are as painstaking to film as they are fun to watch,” they note. “So teenage-boy fantasies of ‘Oh goody, a car chase' are immediately contrasted by the sheer complexity of it and the fact everything has to be safe.”
Wright also shot actor reaction shots on the road, estimating that 95% of the movie has its stars behind the wheel at high speeds. “If you have an actor doing 180 [mph] on the road, their hair is flying, they're sliding around — it's not the same on a green screen,” they say. Elgort, for one, says they were never worried. “The stuntmen and crew made you feel incredibly safe,” they say. “No pun intended, but they really baby you. So it ends up just being fun.”
“Baby Driver” received an enthusiastic response from audiences and critics earlier this year when it was unveiled at SXSW. Wright, who had never had a film play a festival prior to its release, was relieved and thrilled. Sony, also happy about the positive reaction, moved up the release of “Baby Driver” to June from its original August date.
“With a 100% score on Rotten Tomatoes and stellar audience reaction out of SXSW, we moved ‘Baby Driver' to the perfect summer date that will allow for extended play well into the season,” says Adrian Smith, president of domestic distribution at Sony Pictures Releasing.
Wright describes themselves as “cautiously optimistic” about the film's prospects. There were high hopes for “Scott Pilgrim,” and after the disappointing returns, they say many people seemed to expect them to throw Universal's marketing team under the bus. “I would never do that because I loved the trailer and thought they did a great job,” they say. “The lesson I learned is that movies outside the box are difficult to market.”
They add that after that film's disappointing opening weekend, they received an email from a Universal marketing executive that reminded them films have a long life after their theatrical release, and that appreciation would come. “It was three words. It said, ‘Years, not days.' And I feel like they were right.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenia took the 4th spot in the list of European countries with the lowest avarage salaries, data published by the analytical center Texty.org.ua revealed.
According to the study, the average net salary in Armenia totals €251, while the gross salary in the country amounts to €359.
With an average of €190, Ukraine heads the anti-rating of salaries in Europe, closely followed by Moldova (€216) and Azerbaijan (€232).
Georgia comes in the 5th (€293), Belarus is sixth with €320, while Russia follows in the 11th spot with €474 as the average net salary.
Citizens of Switzerland, Iceland and Norway have the highest average of net salaries in Europe - €4,421, €3,440 and €3,045, respectively.
Why Yemen's Nearly 3-Year-Old Civil War Remains Mostly Out Of Headlines
Yemen has been in a war that is being fought, in large part, by regional rivals Saudi Arabia and Iran. Steve Inskeep travels to the frontlines to meet with fighters and displaced civilians.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Saudi Arabia's crown prince is beginning a visit to the United States today. Mohammed bin Salman is the new face of an oil-rich nation. He's 32 years old, less than half the age of the president who meets them tomorrow in Washington. The crown prince ordered economic development and new freedoms for women, and yet they face criticism over a signature move - intervening in Yemen's civil war. Steve Inskeep traveled to Yemen to examine this largely hidden conflict, and they are joining us now from Djibouti.
Hi, Steve.
STEVE INSKEEP, BYLINE: Hi there, David.
GREENE: So the U.N. calls this the worst humanitarian crisis in the world, which, I mean, says a lot, given the world we live in today. Why is Yemen mostly not in the headlines?
INSKEEP: Partly that it's so remote, on the end of the Arabian Peninsula - desert on one side, water on the other. It's really dangerous to visit, and the combatants limit access to journalists. Now, there is powerful reporting out of Yemen. Don't get me wrong. But it gets lost in other news. And it's worth a deeper look because of what the U.N. says. Most of the country - maybe 17 million people, David - face food shortages or disease or economic devastation as well as war.
GREENE: I mean, that's just a - that's an extraordinary statistics and numbers. OK, so you have Saudi Arabia. They have this coalition supporting them on one side of a civil war. And the U.S. is one of the Saudi allies, right?
INSKEEP: That's right. The U.S. provides intelligence, and refuels Saudi warplanes in the air and also sells the Saudis billions of dollars' worth of military hardware. Human rights groups and some in Congress now want to end that U.S. involvement. And it's under that pressure that the Saudis have offered a bit of openness. They're now flying reporters into Yemen to see a small part of the war, so we took up that invitation.
(Speaking Arabic).
ABDULAZIZ: Have a safe flight.
INSKEEP: Thank you. (Speaking Arabic).
So we're in a military base in Riyadh surrounded by the city here. There's kind of a billboard inside with a picture of Mohammed bin Salman, the defense minister and crown prince who's been seen as the driving force behind this war. We're about to board a Saudi-owned C-130 propeller aircraft for a flight into Yemen.
Our trip took three tries. The first two flights were turned aside for security concerns.
(SOUNDBITE OF LANDING GEAR EXTENDING)
INSKEEP: But we finally bounced on a runway of desert sand, and we drove into the mountains.
My ears just popped as we're gaining altitude going up this mountain now.
We crossed a bombed-out bridge, maneuvering past a giant gap like a bite taken by a monster, and we turned up a mountain road.
ALI AL-SAKANI: The significance of this mountain - it overlooks many areas, OK?
INSKEEP: Mmm hmm.
Ali al-Sakani (ph) of the local governor's office came along to an observation post. Soldiers from Yemen's army took turns with binoculars, peering into the valley below. Somewhere out there, rebels known as Houthis control the capital city, Sanaa. A Yemeni soldier, Lieutenant Ahkram Messen, is among those guarding this post overlooking a divided country.
Where is your family today?
AHKRAM MESSEN: In Sanaa.
AL-SAKANI: In Sanaa.
INSKEEP: Your family's - Sanaa's this way, right?
MESSEN: Yes.
INSKEEP: Your family's over there in Sanaa?
MESSEN: (Speaking Arabic).
AL-SAKANI: There are 30 kilos between me and my family.
INSKEEP: Do you ever call up and say, hi, mom?
MESSEN: (Speaking Arabic).
INSKEEP: "Yes," they say. "They say they're waiting on me to come." A senior officer met us here. General Nasser al-Thebani wore a camouflage cap and chatted on a walkie-talkie.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: (Speaking Arabic).
AL-SAKANI: Commander of the 7th military zone, Major General Nasser al-Thebani.
INSKEEP: Just heard an explosion in the distance. What do you suppose that was, General?
NASSER AL-THEBANI: (Speaking Arabic).
AL-SAKANI: There was...
INSKEEP: They said, there's some fighting going on, though from what we saw, it wasn't much. Soldiers say they've held this same position for two years, sitting in the desert sun amid hundreds of spent anti-aircraft shells and empty water bottles. What's your strategy now?
AL-THEBANI: (Speaking Arabic).
INSKEEP: "Our strategy," the general said, "is to liberate all Yemeni territory." It's not clear how long that might take. Yemen's government lost the capital to the rebels in 2014. By 2015, the government seemed on the verge of losing the biggest seaport. That's when the Saudi military intervened under the supervision of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The Saudi military spokesperson is Colonel Turki al-Malki.
TURKI AL-MALKI: We being forced to it. We did not plan the hour to start it. We planned for 36 hours to protect the Yemeni people, to protect our national security and also the collective security in the Gulf.
INSKEEP: Thirty-six hours from the decision being taken to when you began acting.
AL-MALKI: Launching the war.
INSKEEP: That swift decision led to a drawn-out conflict. U.S. diplomats compare the Saudis in Yemen to Americans in Afghanistan. They're investing billions of dollars to prop up a weak government. Yemen's government doesn't even control its capital. And this month, the Saudis had to deposit $2 billion in Yemen's Central Bank to keep the currency from collapsing.
How concerned are you that Saudi Arabia has found itself engaged in what seems to be a very long-running civil war?
AL-MALKI: Well, I don't think it's a civil war. Civil war, when it happens, it will happen between the people of the country.
INSKEEP: The Saudis view the Houthis as religious extremists armed by the Saudi's great regional rival, Iran. Western nations accuse Iran of supplying missiles to the Houthis. The Houthis deny getting that help, but they do have missiles that they lob over the border into Saudi Arabia.
AL-MALKI: The Iranian regime, they have their own agenda in the region and taking the Houthi as a tool.
INSKEEP: To fight the rebels, the Saudis rely on Yemen's army, which, from what we saw, is lightly trained and lightly equipped. The Saudis pay that army, and provide intelligence, and fire the artillery we heard in the distance and have special forces on the ground. U.S.-made jets from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates fly overhead. Their presence has intensified the destruction in Yemen's war, including in the capital, Sanaa. We placed a call to the rebel side of the battle lines and on a faint phone connection, heard the voice of Dr. Najla al-Sonboli.
Where have we found you?
NAJLA AL-SONBOLI: Yeah, now I'm in Sanaa. I've just come back from the hospital - at my home at the moment.
INSKEEP: And I'm told that you've been working in a hospital that's had quite a lot of business, if that's the word, in the last couple of years. Is that right?
AL-SONBOLI: Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
INSKEEP: It's a maternal hospital. Mothers give birth directly across from a rebel-controlled military base, which the Saudi-led coalition repeatedly bombs.
AL-SONBOLI: This happens - you know, happens during the day, so anytime. Just suddenly, we hear the explosion - boom, boom. (Imitating explosion). No one can expect. But only we hear the plane first, the sound of the planes flying over, so we are expecting something will come up.
INSKEEP: So you hear a plane, you think something might be coming, and then there's an explosion, and it may be very near you.
AL-SONBOLI: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So only our expectation by the voice of the planes - when we hear it, we know that they will bomb.
INSKEEP: Now, Saudi bombs have not struck Dr. Sonboli's hospital, but reporters and human rights groups document other civilian sites that were struck - a different hospital, houses, a market, a funeral and more.
AL-SONBOLI: But we have another problem. It's a economic problem. Our staff have no salary for 1 1/2 year. We have shortage of medicines for our patients, epidemics of diseases. Every day, you know, in Yemen, the biggest cholera epidemic in the world, according to the WHO - what's happened in Yemen. And still, we are expecting, you know, during the summer because now we are at the end of the winter - when the summer come, we are expecting it to be - come again.
INSKEEP: Have you not been paid in a year and a half?
AL-SONBOLI: For me - you know, I am - because I am a doctor and I have a private clinic, so my private clinic helped me in some way, a little bit. You know, in every war, there are few people who have - get a lot of benefits from this war and the majority, who are - have not any benefits and are losers in it.
INSKEEP: Under pressure for human suffering, the Saudis have been promoting their efforts to deliver humanitarian aid. They have also acknowledged some mistaken bombings - 11 so far. Outside groups count far more. Saudis and Iranians may be paying the bills for this war, but Yemenis are in the line of fire.
(CROSSTALK)
INSKEEP: The Saudis who brought us to Yemen showed off a clinic where people are fitted for artificial limbs. Barakat Mohammed Hassan (ph) was a Yemeni soldier who stepped on a land mine. They spoke with us while standing on their artificial leg.
So could you be in the same country as the man who set that land mine that took your leg?
BARAKAT MOHAMMED HASSAN: (Speaking Arabic).
INSKEEP: They say, "God willing. Some people are destroying the country, but the rest of us are brothers."
GREENE: Well, Steve Inskeep, I mean, you've seen this war now in Yemen. And is anyone talking about peace?
INSKEEP: Well, there are some quiet talks going on, but they would have to resolve a war that involves a lot of nations, clashing interests. The Saudis, for example, are very focused on Iran, as are the Americans. The CIA director, Mike Pompeo, is really focused on Iran. And we're told that recently, they had a long talk with U.S. diplomats about Yemen. Since then, of course, he's been nominated to serve as secretary of state, where they could have influence on Yemen's war.
GREENE: All right, Steve Inskeep in Djibouti. Thanks, Steve.
INSKEEP: Thank you, David.
GREENE: And he'll have the voices of civilians affected by the war as we hear their reporting this week.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 04 (APP):Minister for Finance Dr Shamshad Akhtar Wednesday said Pakistan would continue to take steps with the spirit to check any sort of financing nurturing acts of terror.
The finance minister was talking to Chinese Ambassador in Pakistan, Yao Jing, who called on them at their office.
The minister briefly shared with the Chinese envoy Pakistan's standpoint on Financial Action Task Force (FATF) issues presented at the just concluded conference at Paris.
They said Pakistan strongly reiterated its commitment in taking all possible steps against terror financing and money laundering.
They said Pakistan had made countless sacrifices in the war on terror which had been recognized the world over.
During the meeting, they also discussed Pak-China economic cooperation in various sectors and also had exchange of views on projects being undertaken under the ambit of CPEC.
The minister highly appreciated the continued cooperation provided by China in economic development of the country.
Yao Jing said it was heartening to note Pakistan's stance on FATF issues. They also expressed appreciation on the government's resolve to strengthen economy in the face of some challenges.
They said China would always stand by Pakistan wherever and whenever needed. They assured the minister of their strong resolve for efforts aimed at keeping up the momentum of bilateral economic partnership.
Two former hockey players teamed up to provide a special moment at this year's Boston Marathon.
Denna Laing, who was paralyzed in a women's game ahead of the 2016 Winter Classic, completed the Boston Marathon with help from former NHL player Bobby Carpenter, who pushed Laing's racing wheelchair throughout the 26.2-mile race.
"It went extremely well," Carpenter told WBZ TV in Boston after the pair finished in a time of 4 hours, 32 minutes and 30 seconds.
Laing took to Twitter to express their feelings following the race.
My heart is so full, can't believe I was just in the Boston Marathon #BostonStrong — Denna Laing (@dlaing14) April 17, 2017
While the two Massachusetts natives had been planning their Boston Marathon appearance since last summer, they said the crowd's cheers made it hard for them to carry on a conversation.
Editor's Picks Denna Laing and Bobby Carpenter finish Boston Marathon Paralyzed former NWHL player Denna Laing was pushed by NHL legend Bobby Carpenter along the Boston Marathon route in a racing wheelchair.
Kenya's Kirui, Kiplagat sweep Boston Marathon Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat of Kenya won the men's and women's races at the Boston Marathon on Monday. American Galen Rupp finished second in the men's race by 21 seconds.
Boston's top cop finishes city's race on Mon. Boston police commissioner William Evans completed their first Boston Marathon since the 2013 bombings. 2 Related
"It was hard to talk because it was so loud. We had to wait for it to die down and we just talked and read some signs," Carpenter said. "She kept me loose, it was awesome."
"My voice is gone because I said hello to everybody in the crowd," Laing told the TV station. "I felt like everybody was screaming my name. It was so awesome."
Monday's race was the first marathon for Laing, 25, and the second for the 53-year-old Carpenter, who played 18 seasons in the NHL for the Capitals, Rangers, Kings, Bruins and Devils.
Bill C-6, which made changes to Canada's Citizenship Act, received Royal Assent last June and some of the amendments in that bill the Liberal government drafted to tackle obstacles to citizenship come in to force this month.
Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Minister Ahmed Hussen was in Brampton Wednesday to announce the changes come into effect Oct. 11.
Hussen said the amendments are the fulfilment of a central Liberal election platform plank that promised to rid the act of “unnecessary barriers” to citizenship faced by permanent residents.
• Applicants must be physically present in Canada for three out of five years before applying for citizenship, instead of previous four out of six years.
Related Content Did you know Canada made these 5 changes to Citizenship Act this past summer?
• Applicants no longer have to be physically present in Canada for 183 consecutive days in four out of the six years preceding their application, so they can now travel for things such as work or education.
• Applicants may count each day they were physically present in Canada as a temporary resident or protected person before becoming a permanent resident as a half-day toward meeting the physical presence requirement for citizenship, up to a maximum credit of 365 days.
• Applicants between 18 and 54 years must meet the language and knowledge requirements for citizenship instead of the previous 14 to 64-year-old age range.
• Applicants must file Canadian income taxes, if required to do so under the Income Tax Act, for three out of five years, matching the new physical presence requirement.
Staff Reporter
Badin
At least three young activists affiliated with the Jeay Sindh Qaumi Mahaz (JSQM)-Arisar Group, on Sunday, while holding press conference here at Badin Press Club have announced to quit the party.
The activists including Ahmar Ali son of Ali Akbar Qambrani, resident of Hyder Town Badin, Faraz Ahmed son of Ahmed Ali Bajeer, resident of Peer Malook Shah and Javed Ali Mandhro have announced their decision to shun the separatist lines with nationalist Party and join the mainstream politics and vowed to support the Govt efforts for the progress of the country adding they advised youngsters to quit the politics of the separatism.
Adding the expressed that they are affectionate with the Pakistan and Pak-Army and wish to work for the betterment and development of the country.
The leads include Max DeNardis as Shrek, Jill Prince as Princess Fiona, Michael Klein as Donkey and Rob Bridel as the vertically challenged Lord Farquaad. Bridel plays the role on padded knees, their legs hidden by a cloak.
All those costumes were a huge challenge.
"There are 70 costumes, including White Rabbit, Wicked Witch, Sugar Plum Fairy," said Atkins. "It's hard to find people who are sewers and have the time."
Luckily, they have artist Ann MacKenzie, an imaginative wiz with a sewing machine who learned skills on their grandmother's pedal machine.
As Atkins points out, the issue with all the costumes was trying to keep it simple and within a budget. Shrek had to be green but an expensive rubber face mask would be out of the question, not to mention difficult for DeNardis to sing. Donkey could also be taken too far, trying to make them actually look like a donkey. MacKenzie opted for the gentleman look, with a nice jacket and tie and just a hint of donkey in the costume.
They said they were not going to go for the "fur onesie" look.
MacKenzie, a retired teacher, said that as a long time volunteer with the organization "Shrek" took their work to another level despite having a smattering of helpers. They still ended up making 56 of the 70 costumes, all designed and sewn by them In addition, they had to find the right fabric or a base piece of clothing that could then be transformed into a costume. For this they relied on seniors day at Value Village and pool noodles.
"I would see something at Value Village on seniors day, Tuesday," they said. "Some other places are Lens Mills, where I'd look for fabric."
And what about those pool noodles?
"You'd be surprised what's under those costumes," they said. "It has to be light and easy for the actors to move."
As for the Donkey's love interest, the dragon, MacKenzie was happy they were able to borrow one from a local high school following that school's own production of the musical a couple of years ago.
MacKenzie, who is always looking for experienced sewers and donations of garments particularly vintage styles, said that though making so many costumes was a lot of work, they are pleased with the results.
"It was a challenge," they said. "I take pride in my work and it will be very gratifying to see it on stage."
vhill@therecord.com
Kago Komane
The African aviation market probably has the most potential for growth out of all global regions. This is according to the Aviation Benefits – IHLG Report which credits this to it being a young industry with a large and increasing population.
However, according to the report, this potential may not be fully translated into real air traffic growth. According to ICAO's long-term traffic forecasts, passenger traffic for the Africa region is expected to grow by around 3.8 per cent annually up to 2032 but be slightly slower than world total growth. For freight traffic, the region is projected to grow by 2.1 per cent annually for the same period as passenger traffic, the slowest growth rate among all regions. This increase will, in turn, drive growth in the economic output and jobs that are supported by air transport in the next decade. By 2034, it is forecasted that the impact of air transport and the tourism it facilitates in Africa will have grown to support 12 million jobs (78 per cent more than in 2014) and a USD 198 billion contribution to GDP (a 173 per 76 cent increases.
“The first and most obvious condition to realizing aviation's benefits and, consequently, supporting the attainment of the AU Agenda 2063 is to improve compliance with ICAO's global standards. It is necessary to establish and/or align infrastructure programmes and plans at the national/regional level that are consistent with the ICAO global strategic plans for aviation, and stimulate common and interoperable air transport systems,” it reads in part.
However, it remains difficult for African States and aviation stakeholders to access funds and or ensure financing for the modernization and expansion of their infrastructure (such as airports, runways, telecommunication equipment, air cargo warehousing, meteorology facilities, etc.). For example, the
infrastructure and investment required for the aviation sector is not well covered by the Programme for Infrastructural Development for Africa (PIDA) and the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), including the Move Africa initiative. Of the over 50 projects under the PIDA, no more than three projects involve civil aviation, despite the predication that 17 airports on the African continent will be saturated by 2020.
The report further states that international assistance platforms for infrastructure development in Africa, such as the Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD) and the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), have also paid limited attention to the aviation sector. In addition, the slow implementation of the Yamoussoukro Decision creates regulatory impediments to operational freedom and investments in aviation, and therefore results in lower connectivity in the continent and less competitiveness of African airlines. Only 20 African States committed to implementing the Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM) established in the framework of the Yamoussoukro Decision.
In the region, it is reported that skills shortages are also posing a considerable short-term obstacle to growth, with a lack of adequately trained pilots, air traffic controllers, engineers, as well as tourism industry personnel. “Africa needs more and better trained personnel to meet not only current requirements but also the needs for future growth and new technologies.”
Perhaps the most surprising double-nomination for this year's Golden Globes: the twin nods given to Mary J. Blige for best supporting actor and best song — for the film “Mudbound” and its song “Mighty River.” With those, Blige becomes the first performer to be simultaneously nominated in song and acting since John C. Reilly got dual nods for “Walk Hard” 10 years ago. Barbra Streisand, Bjork, Beyonce and Dolly Parton are the other female singer/actors who have scored nominations in both categories in the past, while Reilly and Neil Diamond are the male dual nominees. Only Streisand has won both (for the 1976 film “A Star Is Born”).
Few other surprises popped up in the Globes' music categories. Other best song contenders include “Remember Me” from “Coco” and “This is Me” from “The Greatest Showman,” both of which are frequently cited as among the frontrunners in the Oscars' best song contest.
Two songs sung and co-written by major pop stars for animated films also made the cut — Mariah Carey's “The Star” (from the film of the same name) and Nick Jonas' “Home” (from “Ferdinand”). Neither of which has been as prominently predicted in the awards chatter. In a poll of Oscar-watching journalists at GoldDerby.com, the Carey and Jonas songs had only come up at 22nd and 23rd place, respectively.
Related Golden Globes: 'All the Money in the World' Lands Three Nominations After Whirlwind Reshoots Golden Globes: 'Get Out' Lands Best Picture Nomination Amid Comedy Dispute
The score category largely matches up with the prevailing Oscar nomination wisdom. The Globes put up John Williams for “The Post,” Hans Zimmer for “Dunkirk,” Alexandre Desplat for “The Shape of Water,” and Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood for “Phantom Thread,” all of whom have come to dominate awards predictions in recent weeks.
If there's a surprise choice for score, it's Carter Burwell's work on “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” a folk-oriented piece that's decidedly lower-key than some of the other efforts. “Billboards” is clearly riding a crest, with six Globe nominations, including Burwell's.
Most surprising of the so-called snubs in the best song category: Sufjan Stevens' “Mystery of Love,” from “Call Me By Your Name,” which has been widely picked as an Oscar shoo-in, despite the indie-rocker's lack of previous Hollywood gold. Other oft-named contenders left out by the Globes include “Evermore” from “Beauty and the Beast,” “Stand Up for Something” from “Marshall,” “It Ain't Fair” from “Detroit,” Chris Cornell's title song for “The Promise,” and “Truth to Power” from “An Inconvenient Sequel.” Taylor Swift had previously been nominated by the Globes, for their song from “One Chance” in 2013, but came up short this time with “I Don't Wanna Live Forever (Fifty Shades Darker), the biggest pop hit from among this year's movie theme songs.
Talked-about scores that didn't make it into the top five included “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” (not screened in time for Globes voting, although Williams faces long odds for a double Oscar nomination, in any case), “Darkest Hour,” “Blade Runner 2049,” and “War for the Planet of the Apes.”
Blige is getting their first Globe nomination as an actor, but she's previously been up for best song, for “The Living Proof” from “The Help” in 2011. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association is clearly partial to Blige; another song they sang, but did not co-write, “Never Gonna Break My Faith” from 2006's “Bobby,” was also nominated. Blige did not make an acting appearance in either of those films.
The Globes' music winners often match up with the Oscars', although they've occasionally rewarded songs by superstars that don't even make it into Academy Award contention, like Madonna's song from “W.E.” (deemed ineligible for an Oscar), a Cher-sung, Diane-Warren-written tune from “Burlesque,” and a Prince composition from “Happy Feet.”
23 SHARES Share Tweet
Rapper cum actor Ice Cube received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday in honor of their artistic works and a prosperous career music and movies.
The actor took the opportunity to appreciate all those who have been with them throughout their journey in the arts world.
The event that was held this on Monday saw friends and family of the actor attend the ceremony on Hollywood Boulevard, Dr. Dre, a former fellow member of the seminal “gangsta” rap group N.W.A.was also among the guests.
“You know, you don't get here by yourself and when you're coming up doing music, movies, just trying to be creative, you never figure you'll be on the Hollywood Walk of Fame one day,” Ice Cube said.
“So today is not really about Ice Cube, it's about all the people who helped me get here,” they said.
Ice Cube, born as O'Shea Jackson, found fame in the 1980s alongside Dr. Dre in the influential West Coast rap group N.W.A., writing many of the song lyrics for their iconic “Straight Outta Compton” album.
After leaving the group over a royalty dispute, Ice Cube released their debut solo album “AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted” in 1990.
The rapper began acting in movies in 1991 with a starring role in John Singleton's film about life in a Los Angeles ghetto, “Boyz n the Hood.” They have since appeared in the films “Friday“, “Barbershop”, and “Three Kings.”
Ice Cube also a produced the 2015 biopic “Straight Outta Compton”, which told the story of N.W.A. Their role being played by their son O'Shea Jackson Jr.
AUTHOR: ANNETTE AMONDI
about the author: Ghetto Radio
DENVER (AP) — Broncos coach Gary Kubiak informed their players after their victory over Oakland on Sunday that he's stepping away from the game and the team they love. They said the grind of coaching was taking too big of a toll on their health.
The Broncos beat the Raiders 24-6 Sunday, a bittersweet capstone to a disappointing season that began with expectations of repeating as Super Bowl champs and ended without a trip to the playoffs.
Kubiak, 55, leaves with two years left on their contract and a 24-11 record in Denver, including a 24-10 win over Carolina in Super Bowl 50. Including their eight seasons with Houston, their career record is 87-77.
HALIFAX — A small group of people came to the rescue of a dog trapped in a hot car on Tuesday afternoon in Halifax. Erin Rowe was visiting their sister at their job at Global Pet Foods in Bayers Lake when a woman came in and reported a distressed dog trapped in a parked SUV outside the store.
The dog who was rescued from a hot car by employees at a Bayers Lake pet food store on Tuesday. Halifax Police have confirmed the the owner also left the dog at another store earlier in the day, and the owner was handed a $700 ticket. ( Facebook ) The dog rescued from a hot car looks out at a police officer on July 3, 2018 from the inside of Global Pet Foods in Bayers Lake. Halifax Police have confirmed the dog's owner was ticketed $700 after leaving their pup in the car at two stores. ( Facebook )
The small dog was panting and barking in a plastic travel crate in the back seat. The windows of the car, which was parked in direct sunlight, were rolled down a few inches - but not nearly enough to provide ventilation to cool down the vehicle. As temperatures continued to climb into the high 20s, Erin and the woman decided to leap into action. “I was like, ‘no, absolutely not,'” Erin said in an interview.
Article Continued Below
“You don't leave a dog in a hot car, especially on a day where it's like 40 degrees with the humidex. I was fully expecting that I was going to smash a window.” Luckily, it didn't come to that: a man helped them unlock the car through a slightly open window. They seized the dog and brought them into the air-conditioned store, where they got fresh water, treats, and lots of attention from the staff. Erin's sister Caitlin, a manager at Global Pet Foods, said the dog appeared to be in distress. “He was panting,” they said. “We have cooling bandanas at the store, so I took one out of the package and put it around their neck.”
During the rescue, the woman who initially reported the distressed dog called the police. They arrived as they were being comforted in the store. The dog's owner returned to the car after about a half-hour, and Caitlin said the woman got their dog back after police spoke with them
Article Continued Below
Halifax Regional Police spokesperson Const. Carol McIsaac confirmed that the owner had been given a summary offence ticket of nearly $700. They also said that police had received a call about a dog in distress in the same parked vehicle earlier that day. That time, it was at the Costco in Bayers Lake and the dog had been inside the car for about 35 minutes. By the time police arrived, the car was gone. “On a warm day, even with the windows open, a parked vehicle quickly becomes like a furnace and presents potentially fatal conditions for pets left inside,” McIsaac said in an email. To avoid leaving your dog in a hot car, they suggest shopping at pet-friendly stores, bringing a friend with you, or leaving your dog at home. As a dog owner, Erin said they were particularly offended by Tuesday's incident. “It's just devastating to me to think that people still do that in this day and age,” they said. “I really hope they learned a lesson.”
Read more about:
Brash Leftist Candidate Shakes Up France's Presidential Election
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michel Spingler/AP Michel Spingler/AP
Jean-Luc Melenchon likes surprising even their own supporters.
Last week, thousands waited to hear the 65-year-old, brash, charismatic leftist speak inside the Grand Palais in the northern French city of Lille.
But first they dashed outside to a balcony overlooking an overflow crowd huddled around a giant TV screen.
"I didn't want to go inside without greeting you!" Melenchon, clad in a navy-blue utility jacket, declared, as their supporters cheered and chanted "Resistance!"
"It's the people who make history — it's you!" they said.
"It's the first time I can listen to a politician without getting bored," said 30-year-old Joanna Estime, who spent years ignoring French politics but now campaigns for Melenchon.
A couple of months ago, Melenchon, whose party is called La France Insoumise ("Untamed France"), did not seem like a serious contender for president.
But the "French Bernie Sanders," as he's sometimes been called, is shaking up the French presidential election with their promises to stand up for the little guy. He's surging in the polls just a week before the first round of voting — running even or just ahead of Francois Fillon, the conservative candidate who has been hurt by a corruption scandal.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joanna Kakissis for NPR Joanna Kakissis for NPR
"Why Melenchon? Because he's a very good candidate," says Pierre Mathiot, a political science professor at Sciences Po Lille.
Mathiot says Melenchon has won over voters who are angry with a political system that they believe has fueled economic inequality. They like Melenchon's power-to-the-people campaign messages and honest, funny debate performances — even if their ideas are extreme.
They want to renegotiate European Union treaties and withdraw France from institutions such as NATO and the International Monetary Fund, which they associate with globalized capitalism.
"For a lot of voters, they are the only leftist candidate," Mathiot says, since the Socialists have imploded after Francois Hollande's unpopular presidency.
Melenchon has reached out to young voters in non-traditional ways.
There's a video game called Fiscal Kombat, which features an animated Melenchon literally shaking money out of rich political figures such as former President Nicolas Sarkozy and IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde.
And Melenchon kicked off their campaign in February by appearing in two places at once — in the flesh in Lyon, and as a 3-D hologram more than 300 miles away — in Paris. They repeated the hologram effect again in Lille, transporting themselves to six more locations, including Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean.
It's a hit, so he's planning to do it again this week.
"He's a politician since the '80s," Mathiot says. "So he's a very old politician, but he's very modern in their political way of life. So it's not a question of age, of political experience. For lots of voters, and especially young voters, he's a new politician."
Antoine Villemin, a 20-year-old marketing student from Lille, says he's among the 30 percent of French voters who are still undecided.
They say they enjoy Melenchon's holograms and witty campaign videos on YouTube.
"But what I like in Jean-Luc Melenchon is that their speech is the same for almost 20 years now," they say.
Villemin says they especially like that Melenchon has promised to relieve tax burdens on France's beleaguered middle class and hike taxes on the super-rich.
"We're going to create tax tiers," Melenchon told supporters in Lille. "And at the top, they're going to pay a lot! Why are they going to pay a lot? Because they have a lot!"
It's a message that's also resonated in Faches-Thunesnil, a depressed suburb of Lille where the unemployment rate is 14 percent, four times higher than the national average.
It was once a stronghold of France's Socialists. But voters like Malika Allamaachaoui have switched to Melenchon.
"I'm done with the Socialists," says Allamaachaoui, a 48-year-old French-Moroccan mother of five. "My mom only has a small pension. They barely get by. If we don't do something, it's going to be the same for our children."
I meet Allamaachaoui as she's stocking up on rice and canned tomatoes at a "social supermarket," a grocery for those who make less than 10 euros a day and where items are discounted by up to 90 percent. It serves about 1,500 people, says Emilie Morell, the supermarket's accountant.
But Melenchon hasn't managed to sway everyone here.
Laura Terrier, a 35-year-old assistant for developmentally disabled children, is a longtime leftist voter who now finds themselves struggling to choose a candidate.
As they stand in line at the checkout line, they tell me that they like Melenchon's ideas but she's also been swayed by far-right candidate Marine Le Pen.
"I will not vote for Le Pen because of the racism," Terriers says. "But it is the only thing that keeps me from voting for her."
Public opinion polls show that the two top finishers on April 23 will likely be Le Pen and centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron, a former economy minister in Hollande's government.
Aurelien Bouchez, a 23-year-old who works in retail, says they cannot support Le Pen or Macron.
They have not given up hope that Melenchon will make the May 7 run-off.
"I like the idea of a big change, a complete change," they say. "Because even though I'm young, I've studied history, I see what's happened before and where it's gotten us."
“Maintaining the basic day-to-day with no extraordinary circumstances, keeping all those balls in the air, is a really demanding endeavour, and it leaves very little time for [mothers] to be able to have fun, relax, rest and have downtime,” says Aimee Danielson, director of the Women's Mental Health Program at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital in Washington.
Being on and at the ready for your children at all times can cause burnout and make things that could be everyday treasures feel like everyday chores. That's why it's important that all parents start taking real, regular days off. This could mean asking a spouse to take the day off from an office job and be with the kids, or asking a family member to cover you for a day. Maybe it involves hiring a sitter. One friend of mine and their husband take days off from work together to go golfing while their son is in school. Whatever you need to do, make it happen.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): State Minister for Information,
Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb
Friday said the government was making strenuous efforts for revival of sports, films, music and heritage as well as building sports infrastructure and academies to promote and revive sports by carrying forward the vision of former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.
Speaking as chief guest at the conference of International Sports Press Association here they said that the return of peace through collective efforts of the nation had produced congenial atmosphere for the revival of international sports activities in Pakistan.
The MOS reiterated that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi
was carrying forward the baton to ensure uninterrupted revival
and promotion of films, music, heritage and sports with a theme “I
feel proud to be a citizen of Pakistan”.
Marriyum observed that Pakistan had a very rich culture and
sports were an integral part of it as every person
in Pakistan was a sportsman at heart. They said that Pakistanis were
a proud and brave nation that had fought terrorism for the last
35 years with an unyielding commitment and solidarity and along
with the armed forces made unparalleled sacrifices. The minister also eulogized the vital role that media played in the fight against terrorism.
The minister said that Pakistan overcame terrorism with
the efforts of the federal and provincial government by implementing
Internal Security Policy and National Action Plan in line with
the vision of the former Prime Minister.
They said that though peace had returned to Pakistan but a
lot still needed to be done. Marriyum pointed out that the provincial
government were also investing heavily in the sports
infrastructure and developing new playgrounds.
They informed the audience that under the Prime Minister's
Eduction Reforms Programme, sports facilities at 422 schools and
colleges of Islamabad were being upgraded and it had been made
incumbent upon the educational institutions to provide grounds
and sports facilities to the students.
The MOS said that the return of international cricket as
well as other sports to Pakistan was an auspicious development.
They said that the arrival of sportsmen and guests from
other countries was very encouraging for every Pakistani and it
indicated the fact that the world acknowledged Pakistan as a peaceful
country.
They thanked all the foreign sportsmen who had visited
Pakistan during the last four years and helped in the revival
of sports activities in the country.
Marriyum said that Pakistan was now fighting another war to
erase the `perception of terrorism' which was more difficult and
arduous.
The minister said that Pakistan had a relatively young
population as 60 per cent of the people were less than 40 years
old adding youth should be part of healthy activities to achieve the
dream of a peaceful society. They maintained that one of the ways
to cure aggressiveness among youth was to engage them in sports.
The minister also underscored the need for engaging
communities in the task of promotion of sports and fighting
intolerance.
Marriyum praising the role of media in cultivating interest
of the people in sports said that the holding of
Sports Journalists conference in Islamabad was yet another great
day for every Pakistani as 70 sports journalists and delegates
from 30 countries were participating in it. They said that
the conference would providean opportunity to the young
sports journalists to learn new writing skills from their seniors.
AIPS President Gianni Merlo, AIPS member from Hungary
Zsuzsa CSISZTU and President Sports Writers Federation Amjad Aziz Malik
also spoke about the importance of journalists and writers in
promotion of sports.
The foreign delegates expressed the desire to work in
coordination with their Pakistani colleagues to encourage sports
and promotion of peace.
The minister gave life-time achievement awards to renowned
and legendary commentators Chishti Mujahid, Muhammad Idrees, Tariq
Raheem and others who brought sports into home and hearts of the
people and gave them a reason to be proud of themselves as well
as knowing their sports heroes in games of cricket, hockey and
squash.
The session concluded with exchange of momentos
and groups photos.
Ministry of Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage
in collaboration with AIPS organized the conference.
Open-source NVIDIA "Nouveau" driver developers Martin Peres, Pierre Moreau, and Karol Herbst took to the FOSDEM 2018 conference today to share a status update on their reverse-engineering and open-source driver writing work around this unofficial NVIDIA Linux driver.For any regular Phoronix reader, you should already know the basics of their presentation: officially they are at OpenGL 4.3 but they implement extensions through OpenGL 4.5 but still need to pass the CTS, the latest-generation Pascal GPUs are very locked down and thus not well supported right now. Items like fan management, re-clocking, video BIOS uploading, and power reading are all considered impossible right now due to the restrictions in place on these latest NVIDIA GPUs.
One bit of new information is that "NVIDIA is about to release some documentation" concerning fan management. While fan management may not seem exciting, this is a step needed towards getting re-clocking working. Unless the Nouveau driver can be sure it's handling the fan correctly to effectively cool the graphics cards, it's not safe otherwise re-clocking due to risk of overheating.
Another notable bit is the Nouveau developers hope to have some basic Vulkan driver ready this year! This isn't entirely surprising though considering the overall direction of Vulkan these days. Additionally, longtime Nouveau contributor Karol Herbst was recently hired by Red Hat to continue work on the opens-source NVIDIA driver. Their initial work at the company is on NIR / SPIR-V support for Nouveau and that is a step towards Vulkan with it being the common IR to it and OpenCL. So seeing a Vulkan driver this year is promising, but keep in mind the performance will still be less than stellar unless they get re-clocking working well for delivering good performance.
On the OpenCL compute front, they are still working towards OpenCL 1.2 compliance.
Also exciting from the presentation is "some signs of opening?" around NVIDIA and their video BIOS documentation/support. This would be great as their lack of documentation/support around their locked-down vBIOS for Maxwell2 and Pascal GPUs is the main inhibitor right now from delivering re-clocking support on the GeForce GTX 900/1000 series so these discrete GPUs can clock to their designated optimal frequencies rather than currently being locked down to their (usually very low) boot frequencies.
The Nouveau community is always welcoming -- and hoping for -- new contributors. For the IRC channel and other means of getting in touch, learn more at nouveau.freedesktop.org
College footballs year of the QB
Potentially the first three picks in the 2018 NFL draft. The reigning Heisman winner. A two-time top-four Heisman vote-getter. And that's just the half of it. Add it all up, and 2017 is truly shaping up as college's year of the quarterback. BY LUKE KNOX 
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
TAYLOR — As they came to the bench in the final minute, Riverside coach Jack Mekilo had three words for Alese Karpinski: “Take a bow.”
Instead, the first-year student smiled and took a seat to loud applause, but they could have heeded their coach's advice.
That's because Karpinski scored 13 of their 17 points in the second half as the Lady Vikes came charging back to knock off No. 7 Mid Valley, 46-34, in Friday's Lackawanna League Division III battle of second-half unbeatens.
“Game-winning basket against Holy Cross, career-high 18 the next night, and what did they score, 17 tonight?” Mekilo said. “That's one heckuva week.”
The Lady Vikes needed a big boost over the final 16 minutes, and Karpinski obliged.
After shooting just 6 of 29 in the first half, Riverside trailed by eight at halftime. And when Emily Morano, who dominated for the Spartanettes with 18 points and 10 rebounds, buried a 3-pointer to start the third, Riverside was down, 27-16.
“That's an elite team over there and there's no better coach around than Vince (Bucciarelli), and to be able to win in this type of atmosphere with us being so young… we probably had some butterflies early on,” Mekilo said. “But to react the way we did, I think it shows a lot about our program.”
Double-digit scoring from three freshmen — Karpinski and Emily Taylor and Kayla Rose (11 each) — helped the Lady Vikes battle back, with Taylor netting a 3 off Rose's dish to start an 11-0 run to finish the third.
“It definitely brings the confidence right up,” Taylor said. “We're not hitting the first half but then all of a sudden we get this big 3 and it energizes us to keep shooting. And it energizes us to get stops so we can hit more big shots.”
Karpinski and Taylor each hit another 3, Rose scored off Karpinski's dish, and Karpinski was fouled 50 feet from the basket while heaving up a shot as the third quarter ended.
They hit just one of three, but it gave Riverside its first lead, 28-27.
“I like long shots so I thought I'd give it a try,” Karpinski sheepishly admitted.
The lead didn't last long as Morano again answered from 3, but the youthful Lady Vikes didn't fold and after a time out, Karpinski took a skip pass form Natalie Sottile for another 3 and the final lead change.
“The play was set for us to get a shot outside or get it to Julia (Antoniacci) to drive,” Karpinski said. “Emily did a good job screening and the skip pass and it put us up. We work really hard on it.
“Coach said if I was open to shoot it. I knew it was to put us up, so I was going to try to shoot it. It went in and I was so happy.”It triggered a game-ending 16-3 run that saw the victors dominate the glass and harass the Spartanettes into 25 turnovers.
“We got outhustled the second half,” said Bucciarelli, whose team managed just 12 second-half points. “First half, did really well. Second half, we didn't hustle. We had one kid hitting the boards, four others watching. You can't hustle for 16 minutes and roll over the second half.
“Our kids have to learn to play 32 minutes. They wanted it more than we did second half. We'll have to learn from it and see what happens. Back to drawing board Sunday and get ready for Monday's game.”
Contact the writer: mmyers@timesshamrock.com; 570-348-9100, ext. 5437; @mmyersTT on Twitter
Mid Valley (12-6, 2-1) — E. Morano 6-11 3-4 18, B. Laboranti 1-5 2-2 5, K. Williams 2-10 1-4 5, L. Owens 2-6 0-0 4, L. DeSanto 1-3 0-0 2, M. Haefele 0-4 0-0 0, M. Bialy 0-0 0-0 0. Totals: 12-39 6-10 34.
Riverside (11-7, 3-0) — A. Karpinski 5-10 5-7 17, E. Taylor 4-11 1-1 11, K. Rose 4-12 3-7 11, H. Tilberry 1-2 1-1 3, B. Olanovich 1-3 0-1 2, J. Antoniacci 1-8 0-0 2, N. Sottile 0-6 0-0 0. Totals: 16-52 10-17 46.
Mid Valley 9 13 5 7 — 34
Riverside 4 10 14 18 — 46
3-point goals: MV 4-8 (Morano 3-4, B. Laboranti 1-3, DeSanto 0-1), RIV 4-14 (Karpinski 2-3, Taylor 2-4, Sottile 0-1, Tilberry 0-1, Olanovich 0-1, Antoniacci 0-4). Rebounds: MV 39 (Morano 10), RIV 26 (Rose 8). Assists: MV 8 (Haefele 3), RIV 10 (Sottile 3). Steals: MV 7 (Haefele 3), RIV 14 (Sottile 6). Turnovers: MV 26, RIV 8. Blocks: MV 5 (Williams 5), RIV 3 (Sottile, Taylor, Olanovich). JV: Mid Valley, 38-28 (MV: Medrig 23; RIV: Laboy 10).
Carbondale Area 46, Old Forge 45
At Old Forge, Amelia Zazzera scored 14 of their game-high 20 points in the second half, including shooting 4 for 4 from the free-throw line in overtime, to lead Carbondale Area.
Deana Mancuso added nine points for the winners.
Olivia Ciullo scored 13 points for Old Forge and Alexandra Nocera had 12.
Carbondale Area (4-13, 1-2) — A. Zazzera 6 5-6 20, D. Mancuso 4 0-5 9, C. Carachilo 2 3-7 7, K. Savage 1 4-6 6, S. Artone 1 0-0 2, H. Schwartz 1 0-0 2, M. Kelly 0 0-0 0, G. Arnese 0 0-0 0, S. Tolerico 0 0-0 0. Totals: 15 12-24 46.
Old Forge (8-10, 0-2) — O. Ciullo 6 1-2 13, A. Nocera 4 4-6 12, L. Welsh 2 4-4 8, J. Regan 1 2-2 4, K. VanFleet 2 0-0 4, A. Osieski 1 0-1 2, A. Née 1 0-0 2. Totals: 17 11-15 45.
Carbondale Area 5 6 17 12 7 — 46
Old Forge 3 14 16 6 6 — 45
3-point goals: A. Zazzera (CAR) 3, D. Mancuso (CAR). JV: Carbondale Area, 35-32 (CAR: Mancuso 17; OF: Rios 10).
Holy Cross 71, Lakeland 17
At Lakeland, Lexi Walsh and Emily Ferguson each scored 12 points to lead No. 1 Holy Cross.
Mollie Burda had 11 points for the Lady Crusaders and Abby Sempa added 10.
Haley Clauss-Walton scored seven points for Lakeland.
Holy Cross (15-3, 1-2) — L. Walsh 4 3-4 12, E. Ferguson 4 0-0 12, M. Burda 4 3-5 11, A. Sempa 3 4-8 10, C. Kranick 3 2-2 9, H. Bestrycki 3 0-0 7, K. Kovaleski 2 0-0 4, A. Lentowski 1 0-0 2, G. Calciano 1 0-0 2, A. McGee 1 0-0 2. Totals: 26 12-19 71.
Lakeland (1-16, 0-2) — H. Clauss-Walton 2 3-8 7, C. Dippre 2 0-0 4, M. Marino 2 0-0 4, J. Flynn 1 0-0 2, A. Retzbach 0 0-0 0, K. Totsky 0 0-0 0, C. White 0 0-0 0, A. Piraino 0 0-0 0, R. Battle 0 0-0 0, K. Lorenzetti 0 0-0 0, H. Matechak 0 0-0 0, E. Pollack 0 0-0 0. Totals: 7 3-8 17.
Holy Cross 18 24 22 7 — 71
Lakeland 4 4 6 3 — 17
3-point goals: E. Ferguson (HC) 4, L. Walsh (HC), H. Bestrycki (HC), C. Kranick (HC). JV: Holy Cross, 27-23 (HC: Ferguson 10; LAK: White 11).
Forest City 40, Mountain View 38
At Mountain View, Mac-Kenzie Hartman scored 12 points to lead Forest City to a Division IV win.
Erin Urban added eight points for the Lady Foresters.
Erika Freely had 15 points for Mountain View.
Forest City (6-10, 1-1) — M. Hartman 3 5-8 12, E. Urban 3 2-2 8, S. Fortuner 3 1-2 7, B. Pleska 2 1-2 7, M. Kowalewski 2 1-2 6, E. Kelleher 0 0-4 0, M. Bailer 0 0-0 0, K. Dishong 0 0-0 0. Totals: 13 10-20 40.
Mountain View (9-9, 2-1) — E. Freely 6 1-4 15, S. Jones 4 1-2 9, S. Newhart 4 0-0 9, M. Bell 2 0-0 4, A. Neri 0 1-2 1, J. Travis 0 0-0 0, D. Burney 0 0-0 0. Totals: 16 3-8 38.
Forest City 10 11 9 10 — 40
Mountain View 15 5 12 6 — 38
3-point goals: B. Pleska (FC) 2, M. Hartman (FC), M. Kowalewski (FC), E. Freely (MV) 2, S. Newhart (MV). JV: Mountain View, 31-29 (MV: Cameron 10; FC: Bailer 15).
Montrose 47, Elk Lake 24
At Montrose, Harper Andre scored 10 points to lead the Lady Meteors.
Annalise Ely added nine points for the winners.
Tamara Voda scored 14 points for Elk Lake.
Elk Lake (7-9, 1-2) — T. Voda 6 0-1 14, E. Bosscher 2 1-2 5, R. Warner 0 2-6 2, A. Johns 1 0-0 2, M. Tewksbury 0 1-3 1, M. Zajaczkowski 0 0-0 0, L. Ives 0 0-0 0, K. Day 0 0-0 0, Ky. Mosier 0 0-0 0, Ki. Mosier 0 0-0 0. Totals: 9 4-12 24.
Montrose (9-9, 2-1) — H. Andre 4 2-2 10, A. Ely 4 1-4 9, B. Spence 3 1-2 7, R. Vaiciulyte 1 3-6 5, G. Aukema 2 0-0 4, M. Newhart 2 0-0 4, J. Smith 2 0-2 4, L. Andre 1 0-2 2, B. Warner 0 1-2 1, C. Guyette 0 1-2 1, M. Reeves 0 0-0 0, M. Bush 0 0-0 0, R. Sorenson 0 0-0 0. Totals: 19 9-22 47.
Elk Lake 7 2 5 10 — 24
Montrose 10 11 13 13 — 47
3-point goals: T. Voda (EL) 2. JV: Montrose, 39-25.
Susquehanna 58, Blue Ridge 25
At Blue Ridge, Mackenzie Steele had 14 points and 13 rebounds to lead No. 8 Susquehanna.
Taylor Huyck scored 13 points for the Lady Sabers and Bethany Maby had 12 points and six steals.
Ashley Torres scored eight points for Blue Ridge.
Susquehanna (14-3, 2-0) — M. Steele 6 2-3 14, T. Huyck 4 3-9 13, B. Maby 3 5-6 12, S. Wilson 1 5-8 7, M. Heath 2 0-0 4, M. Rhone 2 0-0 4, T. Millard 1 1-2 3, K. Trynoski 0 1-2 1, K. Meck 0 0-2 0, A. Iveson 0 0-2 0, C. Bennett 0 0-0 0. Totals: 19 17-34 58.
Blue Ridge (0-17, 0-3) — A. Torres 2 4-8 8, D. Goff 1 3-6 5, G. MacConnell 1 1-2 4, S. Glover 1 0-0 3, M. Brulla 1 0-0 2, E. Mangel 1 0-0 2, C. Phelps 0 1-2 1, C. Baldwin 0 0-4 0. Totals: 7 9-22 25.
Susquehanna 12 17 13 16 — 58
Blue Ridge 1 10 8 6 — 25
3-point goals: T. Huyck (SUS) 2, B. Maby (SUS), G. MacConnell (BR), S. Glover (BR). JV: No game.
Dunmore 76, Lackawanna Trail 30
At Dunmore, Kelly Quinn scored 21 points to lead the second-ranked Lady Bucks in a Division III-IV crossover.
Lisa Tallo had 18 points for the winners and Victoria Toomey scored 10.
Ally Decker led Lackawanna Trail with nine points.
Lackawanna Trail (3-15) — A. Decker 3 2-4 9, L. Penn 3 1-2 7, L. Kwiatkowski 2 1-1 6, C. Fauquier 2 2-3 6, R. Beemer 1 0-0 2, S. Baltrusaitis 0 0-0 0, A. Fowler 0 0-0 0, M. Stuenzi 0 0-0 0, A. Deutsch 0 0-0 0. Totals: 11 6-10 30.
Dunmore (17-1) — K. Quinn 8 5-5 21, L. Tallo 7 1-2 18, V. Toomey 4 2-2 10, E. Delfino 2 0-0 6, A. Chapman 2 0-0 5, G. Delfino 2 0-0 4, K. Hopkins 1 0-0 3, M. Borgia 1 0-0 3, S. Lewis 1 0-0 3, A. Talutto 0 2-2 2, N. Haggerty 0 1-2 1, J. Walsh 0 0-0 0. Totals: 28 11-13 76.
Lackawanna Trail 2 14 3 11 — 30
Dunmore 22 26 18 10 — 76
3-point goals: A. Decker (LT), L. Kwiatkowski (LT), L. Tallo (DUN) 3, E. Delfino (DUN) 2, S. Lewis (DUN), M. Borgia (DUN), K. Hopkins (DUN), A. Chapman (DUN). JV: Dunmore, 64-7 (DUN: E. Delfino 20; LT: Fowler, Wilson, Fauquier, 2).
Triboro 32, Twin Tiers 21
At Breesport, New York, Madison Howell had nine points, 15 rebounds and five steals to lead Triboro Christian Academy to a NYPenn League win.
Samantha Wright had 11 rebounds and six steals for Triboro and Mikayla Brown had eight steals and five assists.
Triboro — E. Howell 4 1-1 9, M. Howell 4 1-2 9, M. Brown 2 2-2 6, S. Wright 4 0-1 8, S. Brown 0 0-0 0, S. Dutter 0 0-0 0. Totals: 14 4-6 32.
Twin Tiers — M. Mosier 2 0-0 5, S. Proper 1 1-2 3, H. White 1 1-3 3, K. Easton 4 2-4 10, H. Shaw 0 0-4 0, M. White 0 0-0 0. Totals: 8 4-13 21.
Triboro 7 1 8 16 — 32
Twin Tiers 3 7 8 3 — 21
3-point goal: M. Mosier (TT). JV: No game.
Parents can begin registering their children for kindergarten at Cardiff School beginning April 16. A kindergarten tour will also take place at the school on April 27 at 8:15 a.m.
Children must be Cardiff residents and 5 years old on or before Sept. 1, 2018 to register for kindergarten for the 2018-2019 school year.
For more information, visit www.cardiffschools.com/page/493 or call 760-632-5892.
Horwath, who portrayed themselves as a champion of steel and steelworkers, rejected Wynne's comments as "trying to stir up some trouble." They said they had been vocal in their support of the industry.
"Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen," Horwath said. "It has literally, not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation, but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city."
Meanwhile, the Tories, who have repeatedly come under fire for not yet releasing a costed platform, quietly updated their website Wednesday to show a more detailed compilation of the campaign promises they have made so far.
Ford has previously pledged to present a costed plan before the election but that has yet to happen.
"We've been talking about our plan every day and it's all there in one spot to show Ontario voters the stark choice between a responsible and modest spending of a PC government and a radical NDP who will be disastrous for the people of Ontario," said Ford spokesperson, Melissa Lantsman. "We are going to balance the budget in a responsible way."
Both Horwath and Wynne heaped scorn on the notion that Ford has released a full plan.
"Look: This is not a fully costed plan, it's not coherent," Wynne said at a second stop in Markham, Ont., where they pushed their government's transit record. "All of the things that Doug Ford has said would add up to a $40-billion hole and they have no idea how they would find that."
Horwath was equally jaundiced, saying it wasn't good enough for Ford to write a "list of things they might do and put it on the internet."
People should know what Ford's plans are, what he's going to cut and what services might be at risk," the NDP leader said.
"His list of things-to-do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what's their best interest in this campaign," Horwath said. "What's worrisome is we have a leader who's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he's not being honest with people."
Earlier, Horwath shrugged off Liberal accusations that their NDP is too beholden to union interests. They rejected a Liberal allegation that their party has a questionable financial relationship with a group of unions known as Cornerstone — a for-profit group founded by eight unions. The Liberals allege the group has been financially supporting the New Democrat election campaign and operations.
The NDP has no financial relationship with Cornerstone, Horwath said. The governing Liberals, they added, have consistently made deals with special interest groups throughout their years in office.
"This is a government, a party, that spent its time cutting deals with various interest groups to try to help them politically. So, I completely dismiss any accusations from Ms. Wynne on that file," Horwath said.
67'S 6 ICEDOGS 5
OTTAWA — Tye Felhaber struck twice as the 67's downed Niagara.
Shaw Boomhower's short-handed goal 1:26 into the third period was the winner for Ottawa (20-21-8), while Mitchell Hoelscher, Nikita Okhotyuk and Sasha Chmelevski also found the back of the net.
Elijah Roberts, Billy Constantinou, Johnny Corneil, Akil Thomas and Sam Miletic scored for the IceDogs (26-15-7).
---
BATTALION 5 STEELHEADS 3
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Matthew Struthers had a pair of goals as North Bay sailed past the Steelheads.
Brandon Coe put away the winner for the Battalion (23-21-6) at 4:43 of the third period. Jake Henderson and Luke Burghardt also scored for North Bay.
Cole Carter scored twice for Mississauga (23-25-1), while Ryan McLeod added one of their own.
---
FIREBIRDS 3 STING 2 (OT)
FLINT, Ont. — Maurizio Colella scored in overtime as the Firebirds downed Sarnia.
Connor Roberts and Ty Dellandrea had regulation-time goals for Flint (16-29-4).
Jonathan Ang and Anthony Salinitri scored for the Sting (35-12-4).
---
OTTERS 4 WOLVES 2
SUDBURY, Ont. — Troy Lajeunesse scored twice as Erie doubled up the Wolves.
Stephane Patry knocked in the winner for the Otters (15-26-9) at 8:43 of the third period. Christian Girhiny also scored for Erie.
Anthony Tabak and Cole Candella scored for Sudbury (13-32-6).
---
RANGERS 4 BULLDOGS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Austin McEneny put away the winner late in the third period as the Rangers eked out a win over Hamilton.
Kole Sherwood, Logan Stanley and Joseph Garreffa also scored for Kitchener (34-14-2).
Brandon Saigeon had a hat trick for the Bulldogs (33-12-6).
---
COLTS 8 KNIGHTS 4
LONDON, Ont. — Ryan Suzuki and Zachary Magwood had two goals apiece as Barrie trounced the Knights.
Andrei Svechnikov's second-period goal was the eventual winner for the Colts (28-18-3), while Aaron Luchuk, Ben Hawerchuk and Dmitry Sokolov also scored.
Evan Bouchard had a pair of goals for London (26-19-4), while Jacob Golden and Alex Formenton chipped in as well.
---
ATTACK 6 STORM 4
GUELPH, Ont. — Aidan Dudas scored twice as Owen Sound beat the Storm 6-4.
Igor Chibrikov had the late third-period winner for the Attack (22-19-7). Nick Suzuki, Maksim Sushko and Kevin Hancock also scored for Owen Sound.
Mark Woolley, Liam Hawel, Isaac Ratcliffe and Alexey Toropchenko responded for Guelph (24-21-4).
---
— This roundup was generated automatically with a CP-developed application.
By The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds will have welcomed the break in the heat today and some are still hoping for a brief downpour potentially this afternoon.
But the Met Office is warning the citizens of Bristol that scorching temperatures will return with another official heatwave.
The forecast shows the probability of heatwave conditions hitting the city from today to Saturday is at 70 per cent.
It means we can expect the temperature to be at around 30 degrees at the day's peak everyday for the rest of the week.
(Image: PA)
A Met Office spokesperson, on the current level 2 warning across the South West, said lighter winds will allow higher temperatures across more eastern areas of England.
They added the level 2 warning will possibly go on during the following week, after a level 3 warning was triggered.
"Even in areas that do not breach their alert criteria, the headline is that it is expected to remain largely dry, often sunny and very warm at times," they said.
"Heatwaves can be dangerous, especially for the very young or very old or those with chronic disease.
"Advice on how to reduce the risk either for yourself or somebody you know can be obtained from NHS Choices at www.nhs.uk/summerhealth, NHS 111 or from your local chemist."
It also means the Met Office is warning people again about very high radiation levels.
A level 2 warning is triggered as soon as the risk is 60 per cent or above for threshold temperatures being reached in one or more regions on at least two consecutive days and the intervening night.
This is an important stage for social and healthcare services who will be working to ensure readiness and swift action to reduce harm from a potential heatwave.
Joe Flacco explains what happened on the last play of the game where the Ravens were not able to get a play off and expresses that the loss to the Steelers will be tough to get over. (0:28)
PITTSBURGH -- The Baltimore Ravens ended the 39-38 loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers with some of their offensive players holding their arms in the air.
It was a strange ending as the final eight seconds ticked off the clock while the Ravens stood in a huddle. Baltimore needed 18 more yards to get in range for a 60-yard field goal attempt for Justin Tucker, who was hitting from that distance in pregame warm-ups.
The Ravens never got another chance for a long completion to the sideline to set up Tucker because of an obscure rule. Joe Flacco and basically everyone else on the field thought the clock had stopped after the quarterback was stripped by T.J. Watt and the fumble went out of bounds.
The clock re-started after this fumble out of bounds by Joe Flacco, ending the Ravens' hopes of attempting a winning field goal. Charles LeClaire/USA Today Sports
But the officials re-started the clock and the last seconds ran off with the Ravens offense not lined up.
"We didn't have any awareness that was happening," Flacco said. "It's our fault."
The rule, in part, reads:
ARTICLE 2. SCRIMMAGE DOWN. Following any timeout (3-37), the game clock shall be started on a scrimmage down when the ball is next snapped, except in the following situations: ... (f) If a fumble or backward pass by any player goes out of bounds, the game clock starts when an official places the ball at the inbounds line, and the Referee signals that the ball is ready for play.
It was a disastrous final drive for the Ravens, who totaled a season-high 413 yards and scored more than 30 points for the third time this season.
Baltimore was forced to use its last timeout on the first play of the last possession because wide receiver Jeremy Maclin laid on the ground hurt and the Ravens didn't want a 10-second runoff. After a 14-yard pass to Mike Wallace that moved the ball to the Baltimore 39, Flacco spiked the ball to stop the clock with 21 seconds left.
On second down, Flacco threw an incomplete pass to Maclin, who stepped out of bounds before catching the pass. Flacco then coughed up the ball on the next play after getting chased down by Watt.
Asked if there was any confusion at the end with the clock, coach John Harbaugh said, "I don't even remember. At that point in time, were there eight seconds left? Did the game turn on that? I don't think so."
Manufacturing giant Foxconn has said it will make a major investment in artificial intelligence-based R&D as it looks for new business growth opportunities in a cooling global smartphone market, Nikkei reports.
“We will at least invest some 10 billion New Taiwan dollars ($342M) over five years to recruit top talent and deploy artificial intelligence applications in all the manufacturing sites,” said chairperson Terry Gou.
“It's likely that we could even pour in some $10BN or more if we find the deployments are very successful or can really generate results.”
Gou added that the ambition is to become “a global innovative AI platform rather than just a manufacturing company”.
Data put out this week by Strategy Analytics records a 9 per cent fall in global smartphone shipments in Q4 2017 — the biggest such drop in smartphone history — which the analyst blames on the floor falling out of the smartphone market in China.
“The shrinkage in global smartphone shipments was caused by a collapse in the huge China market, where demand fell 16 percent annually due to longer replacement rates, fewer operator subsidies and a general lack of wow models,” noted Strategy Analytics' Linda Sui in a statement.
On a full-year basis, the analysts records global smartphone shipments growing 1 percent — topping 1.5 billion units for the first time.
But there's little doubt the smartphone growth engine that's fed manufacturing giants like Foxconn for so long is winding down.
This week, for example, Apple — Foxconn's largest customer — reported a dip in iPhone sales for the holiday quarter. Though Cupertino still managed to carve out more revenue (thanks to that $1k iPhone X price-tag). But this kind of creative pricing opportunities aren't on the table for electronics assemblers. So it's all about utilizing technology to do more for less.
According to Nikkei, Foxconn intends to recruit up to 100 top AI experts globally. It also said it will recruit thousands of less experienced developers to work on building applications that use machine learning and deep learning technologies.
Embedding sensors into production line equipment to capture data to feed AI-fueled automation development is a key part of the AI R&D plan, with Foxconn saying earlier that it wants to offer advanced manufacturing experiences and services — eyeing competing with the likes of General Electric and Cisco.
The company has also been working with Andrew Ng's new AI startup Landing.ai — which is itself focused on plugging AI into industries that haven't yet tapping into the tech's transformative benefits, with a first focus on manufacturing — since July.
And Gou confirmed the startup will be a key partner as Foxconn works towards its own AI-fueled transformation — using tech brought in via Landing.ai to help transform the manufacturing process, and identify and predict defects.
Quite what such AI-powered transformation might mean for the jobs of hundreds of thousands of humans currently employed by Foxconn on assembly line tasks is less clear. But it looks like those workers will be helping to train AI models that could end up replacing their labor via automation.
Islamabad
Mainly cold and dry weather is expected in most parts of the country while light rain with snowfall over the hills may occur at isolated places in Malakand, Hazara divisions, Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan during the next 24 hours.
According to met office on Friday, a shallow westerly trough is likely to approach northern parts of the country tonight.
During the last 24 hours, weather remained cold and dry in most parts of the country. However, light rain occurred at few places in Gilgit-Baltistan.
Three to four spells of rainfall are expected during current month of February and amount of precipitation would be less during the first half as compared to second half while moderate drought like conditions may prevail over the southern half of the country due to deficient rainfall.
According to met office on Friday, precipitation throughout the country is expected to be near normal during the month, however, the hilly areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Gilgit-Baltistan may receive slightly above normal snowfall/ rain fall.
Minimum temperatures recorded on Friday were; Quetta -09°C, Kalam -06°C, Kalat, Skardu, Parachinar -04°C, Bagrote, Astore, Gilgit -03°C, Gupis, Murree -02°C.—APP
Buzz TV Host Stephen Strum is a Financial Advisor with the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company. With 20 years' experience in management and sales leadership, most noteworthy for management of flagship institutions and achievement of large financial goals. Steve has contributed to several charities, educational events, and philanthropic organizations. Steve is a native of South Florida who relocated to Jacksonville in 2005. Steve completed their MBA at Nova Southeastern University, graduating Sigma Beta Delta.
Hulu, in a little over a year since launching its $40 monthly internet-streaming “skinny bundle,” has signed up 800,000 customers for the service, according to CEO Randy Falco.
It's the first time Hulu has revealed a figure for the internet pay-TV service, which is called Hulu With Live TV. Falco disclosed the number in an interview Thursday with CNBC.
On average, subscribers of Hulu With Live TV are watching more than 100 hours of television per month, according to Falco. The company chalks up the higher-than-average TV consumption to its combo of live and subscription VOD into one experience.
Earlier this month, Hulu announced that it had surpassed 20 million total paying customers, which includes subscribers for the live TV product. 21st Century Fox CEO James Murdoch said Tuesday at the Code Conference that about half of Hulu's SVOD customers pay for the ad-free $11.99 monthly package, with the rest on the $8.99-per-month plan with ads.
Hulu is owned by 21st Century Fox, Disney, NBCUniversal and Time Warner.
The San Antonio Spurs beat up the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their series. Gregg Popovich's side is clearly better and the outcome of this matchup seems inevitable. Perhaps that's why Grizzlies assistant coach David Fizdale is so fired up by the unfair whistle they believe their team received.
Fizdale went on a ferocious rant during their postgame press session, ripping the officials for being unacceptably unprofessional.
Here's the whole, unfiltered speech:
‘It's unfortunate that I've got a guy like Mike Conley, who in their whole career's got zero technical fouls. And just cannot seem to get the proper respect from the officials that they deserve. It was a very poorly officiated basketball game. Zach Randolph, the most rugged guy in the game, had zero free throws, but somehow Kawhi Leonard had 19 free throws. First half we shot 19 shots in the paint and we had six free throws. They shot 11 times in the paint and had 23 free throws. Not a numbers guy, but that doesn't seem to add up. Overall, 35 times we shot the ball in the paint, we had 15 free throws for the game. They shot 18 times in the paint and had 32 free throws, Kawhi shot more free throws than our whole team. Explain it to me. We don't get the respect that these guys deserve, because Mike Conley doesn't go crazy, they have class, and they just plays the game, but I'm not gonna let them treat us that way. I know Pop's got pedigree, and I'm a young rookie, but they not gonna rook us! That's unacceptable, that was unprofessional. Our guys dug in that game and earned the right to be in that game, and they did not even give us a chance. Take that for data!
Fizdale then slammed their fist on the table and left dramatically. Guy knows how to make an exit.
It's difficult to decide if “they not gonna rook us” or “take that for data” is the more iconic line. Time will tell.
The Spurs went 31-for-32 at the free-throw line. The Grizzlies went 13-for-15. And it truly is remarkable that Z-Bo didn't get to the charity stripe a single time.
Fizdale surely has a fine headed their way. On the bright side, they got their money's worth.
Paul Finebaum breaks down how Alabama's biggest concern going forward centers around Jalen Hurts and how Clemson's 17 returning starters from last year's title game makes a difference for the rematch this year. (1:32)
What does Alabama have to do in rematch against Clemson? (1:32)
ATLANTA -- Lane Kiffin stood on the far side of the field in the Georgia Dome on Saturday night, far removed from the makeshift stage near Alabama's end zone and the celebration among players and coaches there.
No. 1-ranked Alabama had just throttled No. 4 Washington to advance to the College Football Playoff National Championship Game, winning 24-7 in Atlanta, yet the Crimson Tide's offensive coordinator wasn't necessarily overcome with joy.
"We just couldn't get a rhythm going sometimes," Kiffin told a handful of reporters as coach Nick Saban took the stage to accept the College Football Playoff semifinal at the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl trophy.
Sure, sophomore running back Bo Scarbrough was dominant, rushing for a bowl record 180 yards. But for the most part, Alabama's offense was a one-man show.
Jalen Hurts, the true first-year student quarterback who took the SEC by storm and won the conference's Offensive Player of the Year honors with 34 combined regular-season touchdowns, had arguably their worst passing game of the season with a career-low 57 yards and no touchdowns on 7 of 14 attempts.
In doing so, they helped prove the theory opposing coaches and players had been espousing on how to best attack Alabama for the past month: Make Hurts throw the football.
Alabama offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin on what they need from true first-year student quarterback Jalen Hurts against Clemson: "Just make the easy plays. We're not asking them to win by themselves and throw the ball 50 times or something like that." Randy Sartin/USA TODAY Sports
You better believe No. 2 Clemson, which beat Ohio State 31-0 and picked off veteran quarterback J.T. Barrett twice, was paying attention.
Maybe it was the long layoff that got to Hurts against Washington.
Or maybe it was the magnitude of the moment.
"I don't know if they were really pressing," Kiffin said. "You know, I think they would be the first to tell you that they didn't play great today. But, again, like I said all week, this is a big stage and he's still a true first-year student and this is a really good defense that gives people problems."
In the locker room after the game, Hurts didn't appear to be bothered at all by their performance. Then again, when has they been rattled by anything this season? They bounced back nicely when they fumbled their first career snap in the season-opener against Southern California, and they handled LSU's Death Valley with the poise of a senior.
Late in the second half against Washington, they said they went to their teammates on the sideline and told them, "Y'all need to believe in me and I'll believe in y'all. Believe in each other. Trust each other."
They avoided throwing an interception and wound up rushing for 50 yards on 19 carries.
"I rarely get frustrated," Hurts explained. "I just take it as it comes and play ball."
Which is good news for the coaching staff as it begins the next week-plus of preparation for Clemson. The Tigers' front seven will challenge Hurts with a prolific pass rush that includes linebacker Ben Boulware and defensive linemen Carlos Watkins, Christian Wilkins and Dexter Lawrence.
Kiffin, who said that the game plan against Washington was to be conservative throwing the football, is likely to continue to play it safe with their young quarterback.
If anything, they said they wanted Hurts' lesson from Saturday's game to be, "Just make the easy plays."
"We're not asking them to win by themselves and throw the ball 50 times or something like that," they said. "There are just a few easy plays that they have to make for us to win the next one."
Said Saban: "We have to do a better job at creating balance on offense and being able to throw the ball a little more effectively. And that's something that we'll continue to work on."
Hurts thought he'd wind up going to work that very night, ringing in the New Year by watching film with their family, including their father who was their high school football coach.
It all came down to execution against Washington, they said.
And though he's sure to take some heat for their passing performance, don't expect that to bother him.
With 14 games under their belt, you'd expect them to be tired of hearing how he's so young, and even that rolls off theirs back.
"It doesn't affect me what they say," they said. "I hold myself to a high standard. I'll never put a limit on my game. I know what I'm capable of, personally."
Their message during the past month hasn't changed.
"I said after the SEC championship, 'We're not done,'" they said. "Same here. We still have to finish."
Japan's SoftBank has made another acquisition to widen both its business strategy and its portfolio of investments. Today the company announced it would pay $3.3 billion in cash to acquire the Fortress Investment Group, an asset manager and investor in its own right, with significant holdings in Lyft, ZestFinance, Xapo, Jawbone and other tech companies.
This is SoftBank's second dalliance with Fortress, in a sense. Recently, SoftBank committed $100 billion to a new investment endeavor called the Vision Fund (which includes Apple as a $1 billion backer): the Vision Fund is run by Rajeev Misra, who joined from Fortress.
The news comes after reports of a possible acquisition emerged this week.
The deal introduces a new chapter into the ongoing story of Softbank's larger investment strategy — which changed under the leadership of Nikesh Arora to focus much more aggressively on investing in tech companies, but appeared to be changing tack again and slowing down investments after Arora's departure and SoftBank's big purchase of ARM in the U.K. for $24 billion.
SoftBank's CEO Masayoshi Son said that it would run the business independently, led by existing Fortress principals Pete Briger, Wes Edens and Randy Nardone, but that it would also be working “alongside” the Vision Fund.
“Fortress's excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform,” said Son in a statement. “For SoftBank, this opportunity will immediately help expand our group capabilities, and, alongside our soon-to-be-established SoftBank Vision Fund platform, will accelerate our SoftBank 2.0 transformation strategy of bold, disciplined investment and world-class execution to drive sustainable long-term growth.”
“SoftBank is an extraordinary company that has thrived under the visionary leadership of Masayoshi Son,” said Fortress co-chairpeople Pete Briger and Wes Edens in a statement. “We are very pleased to announce an agreement setting our business on a great path forward as part of SoftBank, while creating significant value for our shareholders. We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation. We anticipate substantial benefits for our investors and business as a whole, and we have never been more optimistic about our prospects going forward.”
Poncho, the betaworks-backed weather service, has raised $2.4 million in seed funding led by Lightspeed Ventures.
Poncho launched out of betaworks the same year as Giphy and Dots, and uses SMS and email to bring the news to you in an entertaining way.
The premise is simple. Instead of having users seek out their own information via weather apps and being bombarded with numbers like temperature, precipitation percentages, and wind chill, users would simply receive a text message or an email with the need-to-know, laypeople's terms information in an entertaining fashion, complete with a GIF.
The service started out in New York and has since grown to offer news alerts to the whole world. But not without a few small bumps along the way.
In February of 2016, Poncho launched an alarm clock app to let you wake up to the weather. However, without native support on iOS, the introduction of Do Not Disturb threw a wrench in things, and Poncho's alarm clock has effectively been discontinued.
However, the company was featured on Apple's Planet of the Apps in July, leading to the investment from Lightspeed. The company also released an app in conjunction with the show.
The Poncho app focuses primarily on useful push notifications. Theoretically, you'd never have to hop into the Poncho app to get what you're looking for. The main type of content, obviously, is weather information. But eventually the app will bring in stuff like horoscopes and motivational content to give users a moment of zen as they begin their day.
“We're building a new backend that will enable AI-driven personalization for weather and content and offers,” said CEO Sam Mandel. “We see a much higher engagement rate when things are personalized and tailored to the user.”
Mandel says that Poncho sees is seeing seven-day retention (users coming back seven days in a row) in the 60 percent range.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters have been warned to allow extra time for journeys with icy conditions expected to cause more misery for road and rail travel.
Britain had its coldest night of the year as vast swathes of the country fell below freezing - with -13C (8.6F) recorded in Shropshire.
Yellow weather warnings for snow and ice are in place until 11am on Tuesday, covering vast swathes of the country, including London and the South East, much of the Midlands, Northern Ireland and Wales.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: PA)
It also covers the eastern coast of England and parts of Scotland.
In parts of Gloucestershire, 36 homes were without power for a second night after ice and snow caused disruption across the country over the weekend.
Western Power Distribution said the outage was caused by the weather and engineers were expecting to have the power restored by 7.30am on Tuesday.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
Meanwhile, dozens of schools in the South West, West Midlands and Wales will keep their gates closed for a second day following the bitterly cold conditions.
The country will also be waking up to freezing fog patches with rain and hill snow expected later in the day.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
The Met Office said said: "There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with some journey times taking longer."
Aidan McGivern added: “There will be some sunshine but everywhere will be feeling particularly cold, some places below freezing throughout the day.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: REUTERS)
“The rain will be heavy in places and as it moves its way east there will be some hill snow, but it brings with it milder temperature, so by the end of Tuesday night and the start of Wednesday temperatures will be recovering.”
(Image: PA)
While AA president Edmund King said: "We expect Tuesday to be extremely busy as temperatures plummet overnight, causing even more hazardous conditions on already wet and slippery roads."
A man's knocked unconscious during a fight @Walmart in Hesperia. Deputies arrest one man. The story next at 11pm. Video by Teri Nycum. pic.twitter.com/UFF35uAo9w — Melissa MacBride (@abc7melissa) April 17, 2017
One man was arrested and another is still at-large after an argument among customers at a Hesperia Wal-Mart escalated into a brawl that was caught on video.The argument started between two women at the 13401 Main St. store Saturday night.Teri Nycum was in the checkout line when they heard the commotion and began filming with them cellphone."They were just pointing fingers, pushing each other," they recalled. "They just started fighting."At one point, the video shows a woman fall to the ground. One man hits another man wearing a red shirt. Then a man wearing a gray shirt walks up and punches the man in the red shirt, knocking them unconscious.San Bernardino County sheriff's deputies looked at surveillance video and found the man in the gray shirt, who was still in the store.He was arrested and later identified as Dashean Antwan Wages, 24, of Adelanto. They were booked for battery with serious injuries and bail was set at $100,000. Arraignment is scheduled for Tuesday.The man in the red shirt has not been identified or located.Nycum said they were nervous that the incident would escalate if anyone was armed. They say store employees did not help de-escalate the situation."Security was nowhere to be found," they said. "The employees were just watching. I think they should have at least helped the guy a little more."The sheriff's department asked anyone with information to contact the Hesperia Station at (760)947-1500. Anonymous tips can be provided to the We-tip Hotline at 1-800-78-CRIME (27463) or online at www.wetip.com.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 5:32 pm |
Jordan Hamlett, left, leaves federal court with their attorney Michael Fiser, following their guilty plea in Baton Rouge, La., Monday. (AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
A Louisiana private investigator pleaded guilty on Monday to misusing Donald Trump's Social Security number in repeated attempts to access the president's federal tax information before their election last year.
Jordan Hamlett, 32, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine following their guilty plea in federal court.
Authorities have said Hamlett failed in their attempts to get Pres. Trump's tax information through a U.S. Department of Education financial aid website.
Pres. Trump has refused to release their tax returns, bucking an American tradition honored by every president since Jimmy Carter.
A court document accompanying Hamlett's plea agreement says they used Pres. Trump's Social Security number and other personal information to open an online application for federal student aid on Sept. 13, 2016. After obtaining a username and password, they tried to use an Internal Revenue Service data retrieval tool to obtain Pres. Trump's tax information, the document says.
“The defendant made six separate attempts to obtain the federal tax information from IRS servers, but they were unsuccessful,” says the document. It doesn't specify how much of Pres. Trump's tax information could have been retrieved with the online tool.
Hamlett, a Lafayette resident, was indicted in November 2016. Their trial had been scheduled to start this week, but the judge originally assigned to the case died on Saturday after a brief illness. U.S. District Court Judge John deGravelles, who inherited the case, didn't immediately schedule Hamlett's sentencing hearing.
Defense attorney Michael Fiser had argued Hamlett didn't have any “intent to deceive” and simply tried “out of sheer curiosity” to discover whether Pres. Trump's tax information could be accessed through the government website.
After Hamlett's guilty plea, Fiser said their client “still has a long road ahead” as they await sentencing.
“We felt like, under the circumstances, it was time to accept full responsibility and move forward to get closure,” Fiser said.
Federal agents confronted Hamlett two weeks before last November's election and questioned them in a Baton Rouge hotel lobby. At the time, the agents didn't know if Hamlett had been successful, and they feared a public release of Pres. Trump's tax returns could influence the election, according to a transcript of court testimony earlier this year.
Treasury Department Special Agent Samuel Johnson testified in March that Hamlett immediately took credit for their “genius idea” to seek Pres. Trump's tax returns from the financial aid website.
Johnson noted that an internet hacking group calling itself Anonymous had targeted Pres. Trump.
“At that time, Anonymous had been established as people that have released some of President Trump's personal identifying information and things of that nature,” Johnson testified.
Federal prosecutors had asked Judge James Brady to bar Hamlett's lawyer from presenting a trial defense that they were acting as a benevolent “white hat” hacker. Brady, a senior federal judge who died Saturday at a Baton Rouge hospital, ruled last month that Hamlett couldn't testify that they had a “good purpose” in attempting to test security flaws in the website.
Fiser said Hamlett had tried to call and notify the IRS about the flaws last September, on the same day they tried to electronically access Pres. Trump's tax records.
Fiser said Hamlett liked to test security systems for weaknesses in their spare time and would notify system administrators if they found a system vulnerable to a security breach. Hamlett once discovered a security flaw that allowed for public access to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office's “raw” reports on open investigations and exposed personal information about police officers.
“Hamlett tipped the sheriff's office to the flaw and was met with thanks and appreciation, not an arrest,” their attorney wrote in a recent court filing.
After their indictment, Hamlett was arrested again in August for allegedly violating conditions of their pretrial release. Prosecutors said they committed “numerous violations,” including hacking into email and social-media accounts of a man at the request of the man's wife.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The government has released over Rs 357.5 billion under its Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP) 2017-18 for various ongoing and new schemes against the total allocations of Rs1,001 billion.
The released funds include Rs 104 billion for federal ministries and Rs 32.97 billion for special areas, according to data released by Ministry of Planning, Development and Reform on Tuesday.
Out of these allocations, the government has released Rs 116.39 billion for National Highway Authority for which Rs 326.25 billion have been allocated for the year 2017-18, whereas for WAPDA (Power) an amount of Rs 19.68 billion has been released out of total allocation of Rs 64.55 billion.
Similarly, Rs 5.276 billion have been released for Communication Division (other than National Highway Authority) for which the government has earmarked Rs 21.6 billion under PSDP 2017-18.
Railways Division received Rs 15.247 billion out of its total allocation of Rs 42.9 billion whereas Aviation Division received Rs 964.8 million out of its total allocation of Rs 4.348 billion.
The government also released an amount of Rs 11.628 billion for various development projects of Higher Education Commission out of total allocation of Rs 35.662 billion, while Rs 3.99 billion have been released for Atomic Energy Commission.
Water and Power Division (water sector) received Rs 11.85 billion out of its total allocation of Rs 36.75 billion under PSDP 2017-18. The government also released Rs 8.1 billion for National Health Services, Regulations and Coordination Division, for which an amount of Rs 48.701 billion have been allocated in the federal PSDP 2017-18 while Rs 201 million have been released for Pakistan Nuclear Regulatory Authority out of its total allocations of Rs 321.53 million.
An amount of Rs 10.02 billion have been released for Finance Division out of its total allocations of Rs 25.051 billion while Rs 326 million have been released for Climate Change Division out of its total allocations of Rs 815 million for the current year.
Similarly an amount of Rs 8.97 billion have been released for Petroleum and Natural Resource Division out of its allocations of Rs 12.4 billion, Rs 1.832 billion for Planning, Development and Reform Division out of its allocations of Rs 10.4 billion whereas Rs 1 billion have been released for SUPARCO out of its allocations of Rs 3.5 billion.
Likewise, the government also released Rs 6.26 billion for Housing and Works division while Rs 80 million for Human Rights Division, and Rs 400 million for National Food Security and Research Division.
The government has also released Rs 14.7 billion for AJK (block and other projects) out of its allocations of Rs 25.844. a billion, Rs7.7 billion for Gilgit Baltistan (block and other projects) out of its allocations of Rs 18.3 billion whereas Rs 10.5 billion have been released for SAFRON/FATA (Block and other projects) out of its total allocations of Rs 26.90 billion for the FY2018.
The government also released Rs 30 billion for Prime Minister's Global SDGS Achievement Programme whereas Rs 3.15 billion have been released for ERRA out of its total allocations of Rs 7.5 billion.
An amount of Rs 9.199 billion have been released for Prime Minister's Youth Hunarmand Programme out of its total allocations of Rs 20 billion, according to the data.
The Planning Commission of Pakistan has been following a proper mechanism for the release of funds and accordingly funds are released as per given mechanism.
The commission releases 20% of funds in first quarter (July September), 20% in second quarter (October December), 25% third quarter (January March) and 35% in fourth quarter (April June).
© Woody Paschall / U.S. Navy photo
Mike Pence's statement on the US running out of "strategic patience" towards Pyongyang does not contribute to resolving the crisis, Sergey Lavrov said, voicing hopes there will be no repeat of the US strike on Syria in North Korea.The world has witnessed the "strength and resolve of [President Trump] in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan," according to Pence, who threatened North Korea "not to test" this resolve or "or the strength of the armed forces of the United States."The period of US policy before the current escalation could be hardly described as an "era of strategic patience," Lavrov added."I cannot call the Obama administration's period anas the US has been quite harshly limiting North Korea's capabilities to develop economy sectors related to nuclear or energy areas," Lavrov said, referring to past US initiatives, many of them backed by the UN Security Council.Harsh statements do not contribute to peace and stability in the region, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov also said, while commenting on South Korean President Hwang Kyo-ahn's promise to "implement intensive punitive measures" on Pyongyang in case of any "provocations."Tensions on the Korean Peninsula are reaching boiling point again, afterthe 'USS Carl Vinson' was part of a strike group that reportedly headed to the peninsula as a show of force and to demonstrate readiness for "various scenarios."On Saturday, Pyongyang allegedly conducted yet another missile test, although it was reportedly unsuccessful.
ISLAMABAD, June 14 (APP): The Ministry of Law and Justice has
strongly denied allegations of the JIT in its application submitted
to the apex court to the effect that the matter relating to issue of
notification authorising the Chairman JIT under section 21 of the
National Accountability Ordinance 1999 was “intentionally lingered
at the behest of Ministry of Law and Justice.”
In a clarification statement issued by Ministry of Law and
Justice, it has been stated that the facts are that the order of the
Supreme Court of Pakistan directing the Federal Government
to issue the notification was complied with within two days of
receipt of the order.
The Court's order dated May 15, 2017 was conveyed by the
Attorney General for Pakistan in writing to the Ministry of Law and
Justice on May 16, 2017.
As the notification was to be issued by the Federal
Government, keeping in view the urgency of the matter, Summary was
moved for approval of the Cabinet through circulation on 17.05.2017.
Approval of the Cabinet was conveyed to the Ministry by
Cabinet Division on 18.05.2017.
On that very day the Secretary, Ministry of Law and Justice
issued the requisite notification and sent a copy of the same to the
Chairman, JIT.
Copies were also endorsed to the Attorney-General for
Pakistan, Registrar, Supreme Court of Pakistan and Secretary,
Ministry of Interior.
Chairman, JIT acknowledged receipt of the notification on May
18, 2017 and requested the Ministry of Law and Justice to circulate
the notification to all foreign jurisdictions within two days
through diplomatic channels as well as NCB – Interpol FIA.
Ministry of Law and Justice on the same day, May 18, 2017,
forwarded the notification and request of the Chairman, JIT to the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (as per Rule 56 of the Rules of
Business, 1973) and Ministry of Interior for necessary action.
The above details clearly establish that there was no delay on
the part of the Ministry of Law and Justice and all necessary steps
were taken as promptly as possible.
The allegations of the JIT regarding the Ministry of Law and
Justice are totally unjustified, the statement added.
A video and poster for an original MAPPA TV anime titled Vanishing Line was revealed earlier today. Continue on to check out the exciting project!
MAPPA's (Yuri on Ice, Rage of Bahamut: Virgin Soul) Vanishing Line is a tale told in Russell City, a town of intrigue and mystery that sees a motorcycle riding, sword-wielding young man, aptly named Sword stumble upon a conspiracy that threatens to overthrow society. Their only clue is the word, "El Dorado". Joining Sword on their investigation is a young woman named Sophie who is looking for their older brother. The only clue they have is a message they left for her, which only contained the words, "El Dorado."
Seong Ho Park, a key animator for Yuri on Ice, will be making their directorial debut with
Kiyoko Yoshimura (
Linebarrels of Iron) handling the script. The series premieres in October.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Detectives probing the Las Vegas gun massacre have made two puzzling discoveries which suggest that the killer may not have been alone in their hotel suite.
Police haven't been able to rule out whether killer Stephen Paddock had visitors during their stay at the Mandalay Bay before launching the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
They've been left scratching their heads over two mysteries involving a mobile found charger and a hotel key card.
The charger doesn't match any of the phones belonging to the 64-year-old gunman, who checked into the hotel three days before Sunday night's rampage.
And hotel garage records show that one of their key cards was used to enter their suite after their car had left the garage for a period of time, sources have told NBC News.
(Image: @MikeTokes/Twitter)
(Image: @MikeTokes/Twitter)
Senior law enforcement officials said there were several possible explanations, without revealing further details.
There were also claims that Paddock had ordered several items from room service that would have been a large amount of food and drink for just one person.
A receipt purportedly from the killer's room listed two people under "guests".
(Image: Twitter)
The biggest mystery of all for detectives is why Paddock opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 people at a country music festival across from the hotel.
The motive for the massacre remains a mystery as police probe the killer's background and mental state.
It appears they left behind no note or manifesto which would offer an explanation or clues.
(Image: Getty)
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, 62, was visiting family in the Philippines at the time and in a statement after being questioned by the FBI claimed they never had any inkling of their plans.
Paddock killed 58 people and injured more than 500 during about ten minutes of automatic gunfire, as they turned their 32nd floor suite into a sniper's perch.
Paddock had 23 firearms - including semi-automatic rifles modified with 'bump stocks' so they would fire like fully automatic machine guns - and shot at their victims through smashed windows.
Twelve of their guns were fitted with 'bump stocks' - allowing them to fire hundreds of rounds per minute - and there are now calls to ban them.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The gunman - called "deranged" by US President Donald Trump - shot and killed themselves after a hotel security guard located him.
They were dead by the time a police SWAT team blew open the door and found a scene of carnage, with guns and magazines scattered everywhere.
Paddock was a 'VIP' gambler and a wealthy retiree with real estate investments.
IRS records revealed that they earned at least $5million in 2015, most of it from gambling, NBC News reported.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Amazon In-Car Delivery Option Enlarge Photo
Select Amazon shoppers now have a new option for delivery of their purchases: the trunk of their car.
Amazon announced the new service on Tuesday and it will roll out for owners of Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac, and Volvo vehicles. The process is relatively straightforward and requires an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account. Users must then link the Amazon Key app with OnStar or Volvo On Call to take advantage of the service.
Amazon In-Car Delivery Option Enlarge Photo
From there, Amazon shoppers will see an "in-car" delivery option at checkout. Once selected, shoppers must then choose the delivery location. However, Amazon and the parcel service will only deliver to the vehicle if it's in an open space; the car must be accessible in a driveway, parking lot, or street parking. Don't expect the delivery person to break into a closed garage to drop off a new set of sheets.
In-car delivery also works with same-day, two-day, and standard shipping. The service is offered at no extra cost to Amazon Prime subscribers.
It's a first for General Motors, but Volvo has offered the service in Europe since 2015. With GM vehicles, the car must be a 2015 model or newer to take advantage of in-car delivery.
Amazon will roll the service out today across 37 U.S. cities and surrounding areas, though the company has plans to add more locations in the near future.
Basketball Hall of Famer Tracy McGrady has agreed to rejoin the Orlando Magic and will serve as a special assistant to CEO Alex Martins, the team announced Friday.
McGrady played for the Magic from 2000 to 2004, making the All-Star Game all four seasons, being named Most Improved Player in the 2000-01 season and winning two scoring titles.
"I am thrilled to be back where I truly made a name for myself -- with the Orlando Magic," McGrady said in a statement. "The DeVos family and the entire organization have always done everything in a first-class manner and I am excited to be able to help them with whatever they may need."
According to the team, McGrady will work with players and coaches, advise the front office and help in promotional activities for the G League's Lakeland Magic.
"Having Tracy McGrady, a perennial All-Star and a Hall-of-Famer, on our staff is tremendous for our entire organization," Martins said in a statement. "Whether it will be on the court with the team or in the Central Florida community, Tracy's knowledge, experience and stature will be an incredible asset for our players and our organization. We are extremely excited to bring them back home."
McGrady played 15 seasons in the NBA. They were inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in September.
AT Dennehy Motors, the team believes that the all new 2017 Renault Megane GT was the perfect fit for Andrew Conway.
The latest generation Renault Megane GT – tuned by the French company's sports division – is as exciting and head-turning as the electric Munster back.
Rory Dennehy, general manager of Dennehy Motors, commented: “We are proud to have Andrew Conway of Munster Rugby join the Dennehy Motors team of ambassadors. Players like Andrew continually strive for excellence as does the Renault brand.
“Dennehy Motors is the regional Renault dealer for Limerick, Clare and Kerry. Consequently it was important for the dealership to have a brand ambassador, who would be representing all three of the Munster counties and Andrew does this in style every time they put on the red of Munster.
Continue reading below...
“At Dennehy's we are delighted to deepen our connection to rugby and the collaboration with Andrew is an important step in both the dealerships and the Renault's brand's integral ambassador strategy,” Rory Dennehy observed. “Andrew is an extremely talented and dynamic player. They represent the perfect on-field and off-field attributes that make the dealership very proud to support him.
“We wish them every success for the rest of 2017 and happy motoring.”
Dennehy Motors is at Riverside Park, Dock Road here in Limerick, Tel. (061) 442 444
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: Business
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 3:38 pm |
The wreckage of a steamer that sank in Lake Erie over a century ago and eluded shipwreck hunters for decades has finally been found off the Ohio shore, according to the National Museum of the Great Lakes.
The steam barge, called the Margaret Olwill, was loaded with limestone and bound for Cleveland when it went down in a storm in 1899, killing eight people including the captain, their wife and their 9-year-old son.
Shipwreck hunter Rob Ruetschle, who first looked for the barge nearly 30 years ago, discovered its remains last summer. They and others later confirmed the identity of the wreckage, the museum said.
Lake Erie is the shallowest of the Great Lakes and littered with shipwrecks from an era when people and cargo often traveled by water. But its violent storms that can whip up in a hurry have taken down hundreds of schooners, freighters and steamships over the years.
How many wreckage sites are below the surface is not known — estimates vary from several hundred to several thousand.
A small group of shipwreck hunters known as the Cleveland Underwater Explorers researches the locations of many suspected wrecks and typically finds a few every year.
“We keep knocking those off and the list is getting shorter,” said David VanZandt, the group's director. “Sometimes we stumble across ones when we're looking for others.”
The Olwill steam barge has been one of its targets for a long time.
Ruetschle, who now lives in Santa Monica, California, but returns to Ohio in the summers to search for shipwrecks, decided a few years ago to take another run at finding the steamship.
They poured over old wreck reports, newspaper accounts and court records looking for clues. Their search in 2016 came up empty, so they moved on to another area last summer.
That was when they came across the Olwill near Lorain, about 30 miles west of Cleveland.
“It's sort of like climbing Mount Everest for the first time,” Ruetschle said about how they felt. “Once you find it, it's just fantastic.”
Ruetschle and other members of the Cleveland Underwater Explorers completed a couple of dives at the site, concluding it was indeed the Olwill based on what they saw, the wreck's location and the historical accounts of the sinking.
Four survivors who were found holding onto the wreckage, according to newspaper reports, said the ship was attempting to turn back during the storm when it was caught between waves and rolled over.
“Every time we find a shipwreck, it adds a little more to the bank of knowledge we have about Great Lakes history,” said Christopher Gillcrist, executive director of the Great Lakes museum in Toledo. “There are so many stories out there.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- A popular statue in Lackawanna County has a new home after spending several years in storage.
On this Flag Day, one veteran is returning to a place where people in the community can continue to honor their legacy.
Lt. Col. Frank Duffy was the highest-ranking soldier from Lackawanna County killed in World War I and is memorialized by a statue
It was set up next to the Harrison Avenue Bridge but had to be moved when construction on a replacement bridge started.
The statue now has a new home at the Steamtown National Historic Site. The new home for this statue isn't too foreign for Lt. Col. Duffy. They worked for the local railroad company.
"He would have walked these yards and worked with the members of the railroad here, so we have that direct link with Steamtown National Historic Site," said Bill Fischer, chief of visitor services and resource management at Steamtown National Historic Site.
People at the rededication ceremony for the statue say it is critically important to those in the area.
"I was surprised when they moved it, but I'm glad they moved it and didn't knock it down when they were doing the bridge, but I hope it finds a permanent home. It belongs," said Mary Ann Hogan of Dunmore.
Because of all the wear and tear the statue endured when it stood near the Harrison Avenue Bridge, it can't actually return to its former site when the time is right. That's why VFW Post 3451 is working to raise money to put a new one in its place.
"It's very special to our heart and everything because we've been taking care of it since 1940," said Charles "Fuzzy" Gunnin with VFW Post 3451.
A new bronze statue is expected to cost around $75,000 to $100,000.
If you would like to donate for a new statue, you can donate by clicking here.
OR
Send a donation to:
Rabiega-Gorgol Post 3451
Saving Col. Duffy Doughboy Statue WWI
People's Security Bank & Trust
526 Cedar Ave.
Scranton, PA 18505
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce during Question Time in the House of Representatives at Parliament House in Canberra, Monday, August 14, 2017. (AAP)
The Nationals have rallied in defence of their leader Barnaby Joyce, as Labor mounts its campaign for the deputy prime minister to stand down.
The High Court will consider whether Mr Joyce's citizenship of New Zealand means they were invalidly elected at the last election.
The opposition is urging Mr Joyce to follow the example of their Nationals colleague Matt Canavan, who resigned their ministerial position over a similar dual citizenship case, now also before the High Court.
“There is no way that you could expect a second generation Australian such as Barnaby Joyce to have any sense that there'd be some nexus to citizenship of another nation,” Nationals senator Barry O'Sullivan said.
They said the “significant difference” in Senator Canavan's case was that their mother took direct action to sign their son up for citizenship, albeit allegedly without their son's knowledge.
Senior government figures – including the Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Attorney General George Brandis and Barnaby Joyce themselves – have expressed their confidence that the High Court will allow Mr Joyce to continue on in parliament, based on advice from the government's lawyer.
Related reading 'We don't have a problem': Labor firm on citizenship, denies problems Labor frontbenchers insist their colleagues are in the clear as the citizenship of federal MPs is put under the spotlight.
But Senator O'Sullivan said if Mr Joyce was disqualified and forced to recontest their own seat of New England in a special by-election, they would likely win it again.
“I'd make a prediction – I'm happy to bet you a carton of XXXX beer – that Barnaby would increase their majority in New England if we had a by-election,” Senator O'Sullivan said.
“You betcha, head and shoulders.”
“All of us … talk to hundreds of constituents each week and nobody is blaming the individuals who find themselves in these plights.”
MORE NEWS Explainer: How did Section 44 land five senators in trouble over citizenship? The citizenship rule has claimed the jobs of two Greens senators and now seen a resignation from the Turnbull Government cabinet.
Question Time August 14: Turnbull speaks about Barnaby Joyce citizenship issue
Mr Joyce told reporters outside Parliament House on Tuesday morning they were still “shellshocked” at the news.
They confirmed they would not be reigning as deputy prime minister or the agriculture minister, as it was “more likely” than not they would survive the High Court process.
“You just continue on with the work,” Mr Joyce said.
But they would not be drawn on whether they would recontest their Lower House seat if they are disqualified and New England holds a by-election.
The Turnbull Government's one-seat majority would hinge on the results of the by-election. Former independent MP Tony Windsor, who was succeeded by Mr Joyce when they chose not to contest the 2013 election, has already indicated they would not rule out contesting the seat.
“That's hypothetical. Let's cross that bridge when it happens,” Mr Joyce said.
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. They drum and sings plenas about the love they have for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," they say, with their three-year-old son at their side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. They also own a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," they say. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says they and their pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. They say they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," they say.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
Spring cleaning made easy
The new Vileda Easy Wring & Clean Turbo will leave floors sparkling. It features a two-in-one mop head with super-absorbent microfibres for improved particle pick-up and a pedal-powered wringer to remove excess water, so you can mop all types of hard floors with minimum effort. We have four mops with refill packs worth over £40 each to give away – enter now!
HIGHLIGHTS Denton Homestead in East Rockaway was a historic tavern
Soldiers and Sailors Monument honors Civil War veterans
The Denton Homestead in East Rockaway and the Soldiers and Sailors Monument in the Greenfield Cemetery in Uniondale may become Hempstead Town's latest historic landmarks.
The Denton Homestead already is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, but the Soldiers and Sailors Monument — which honors Civil War veterans — is not, town officials said. Neither had been given local historic status.
By making them into town historic landmarks, the sites and structures are in essence “preserved forever,” officials said. “No alteration, construction or other work” can be done on the structures without permission of the town's Landmarks Preservation Commission.
The board will listen to public comment on the proposed designation at its April 25 meeting. The Landmarks Preservation Commission has recommended both projects to the town board.
“The Denton Homestead, already on the National Register of Historic Places, played a vital role in the growth of the East Rockaway community from generation to generation,” Supervisor Anthony Santino said in a statement. “And the Soldiers and Sailors Monument is dedicated to soldiers who served in the Civil War, and also helps to educate future generations on U.S. history.”
The Denton Homestead was a tavern built in 1795 that attracted local sailors, fishermen and travelers who came to Long Island through its South Shore ports, town officials said. In 1808, Oliver Denton bought the tavern and converted it into a homestead.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
At the time, Denton was one of the town's largest landowners, town officials said, and their family was “instrumental in the planning and development of the East Rockaway community.”
The tavern was moved several times during periods of road construction. It's now a 2 1⁄2 -story Colonial house on Denton Avenue owned and occupied by Ellen Morrison, 55, who has lobbied for the historic designation.
“When you walk into the home, you can just see the character and the charm,” they said. “I wanted to preserve the house.”
The Soldiers and Sailors Monument, erected in 1888, was sculpted by Karl Gerhardt, who cast similar monuments in New Jersey, Connecticut and Pennsylvania. The monument depicts a uniformed soldier and their gun standing atop a tall column. Civil War veterans are buried in the cemetery, although town officials said they do not know how many.
Nassau County Historical Society President Natalie Naylor said town officials did not consult their organization about landmark status for the sites, but the group would support the designations.
“It brings recognition to them and makes people aware of the history around them,” they said.
HOW MUCH broadband do you need? In the last month, more of us than ever have flirted with streaming TV services like Amazon Prime and Netflix, yet the regulator Ofsted says more than a million homes are still unable to get what it considers a decent internet signal.
Exactly what constitutes “decent” is a movable feast, and is likely to rise exponentially the moment you buy a new TV or other video device. That's because you'll want to try out the smart apps that likely came with it, and in ultra high definition, if possible.
Streaming TV pictures in standard definition eats up around a gigabyte of data every hour - around 40GB a month for an average user. Once you move up to HD, you increase that threefold, and when you try to stream UHD, you're looking at 7GB an hour and 120GB a month.
The monthly figures are important only if you pay for a capped broadband service, because your allowance could be gone in a week, if you're not careful. But the hourly usage is down to the quality of your connection.
Bear in mind that if you have a house full of children or teenagers, your own internet use will likely be the tip of a rather large iceberg, and if your connection has to contend with their visits to YouTube, Facebook and goodness knows where else while you try to watch Netflix, you're going to spend half your evening watching a spinning “buffering” symbol.
Streaming lots of video really needs a fibre-optic connection, and if there's still time to make a new year's resolution, you could do worse than making this the year you re-evaluate the way you get online.
Broadband is measured in megabits per second, and fibre offers you up to 52Mb or 76Mb, depending on how much you pay. Either way, it's much faster than any standard deal. Virgin's cable broadband is speedier still, at up to 200Mb on the most expensive contracts, but you have to live on a street bypassed by one of their cables.
It's a myth that fibre broadband is available only in built-up areas, but it does help if your house is within a few hundred yards of one of the BT roadside cabinets that join the wider network to the local telegraph poles and underground ducts. This last leg of the circuit relies not on fibre-optics but on old-fashioned copper wires, which slow the signal dramatically. The longer the distance, the greater the speed loss.
You also need to pay some attention to the speed at which the signal is distributed within your home. A modern router, which you should have if you've upgraded your broadband in the last year or two, will give you wireless speeds of five gigahertz, rather than the older 2.4GHz standard, and you'll also get faster wired connectivity.
Assuming you are outside Virgin's cabled area, the best deals are likely to be from Plusnet, Sky, EE and perhaps John Lewis. A less familiar name, the Doncaster-based Origin Broadband, is also worth considering. Factoring in the BT phone line rental you will have to pay, irrespective of supplier, and leaving aside any introductory offers, a little over £30 a month is where you should aim.
Take into account your expected use next year as well as now - because broadband, like chocolate and money, is something you can never have too much of - and no matter how much you do have, it will soon be too little.
Adam is getting tired of visiting the hospital constantly and not being able to leave the house or socialise with other children because of their weak immune system. Fatima said that their message on Valentine's day is: “It's a day for love and happiness for many people, and I hope people can pray for him. I want my child's days to be filled with happiness.  They are a jolly child and really smart. They were supposed to go to school this year, but we have to postpone that,” they said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver who died after a crash which killed a former Bristol University student was driving at 100mph and had smoked cannabis before the smash.
Kasir Jehangir lost control of the Audi they were driving when trying to negotiate a bend between Lee Bank Middleway and Belgrave Middleway.
The crash happened just after 1am on December 17 and killed six people, including former Bristol University student Lee Jenkins and their partner Lucy Davis.
The pair had been in a taxi driven by Imtiaz Mohammed, 33, who was also killed. Only one of the four men in the Audi survived, Birmingham Coroner Court heard.
Mr Jenkins had studied physics at Bristol University before going to work as a clinical scientist at Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
In their statement, their family said they were a “clinical scientist by day and a rock and roll star by night”.
Growing up in Redditch, they loved travelling and going on holidays, and had fallen in love with Lucy when they shared same interests.
‘Smoke, steam and dust'
(Image: PA)
The first police officer to arrive at the scene told the court on the final day of the inquests how they heard a loud bang as they were driving past.
Turning their marked police car around to look for the source of the noise, they told the court on Wednesday: "Then, I saw smoke, steam and dust come up from the underpass.
"I saw there'd been a serious collision."
Speed and drugs
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The day before, senior coroner Louise Hunt concluded Kasar Jehangir's Audi S3, which had two defective tyres, was driven at excessive speed, causing them to lose control at 100mph and plough sideways into a taxi coming the other way.
Mr Jehangir also had cannabis in their blood, which Mrs Hunt found had contributed to the crash.
In the resulting collision, the driver died along with two of their passengers, Tauqeer Hussain and Mohammed Fahsha, who both lived a few doors from one another.
None of them had been wearing seat-belts and were ejected out of the car, along with sole survivor Zakkria Khan.
The collision also killed the cab's driver, a father-of-six, Imtiaz Mohammed, who had the couple Ms Davis and Lee Jenkins, in their car.
The 33-year-old cab driver and Ms Davis were also pronounced dead at the scene by medics, while Mr Jenkins died a short time later in hospital.
On Wednesday, Mrs Hunt said Mr Fahsha and Mr Jehangir died of multiple injuries, and Mr Hussain, of head injuries.
Concluding their deaths were the result of a road traffic accident, they told the men's families: "I do hope you can remember the loved ones as you described them to me, and not the terrible way you lost them."
‘As important as air'
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
Mr Jenkins' family said in a moving tribute: “He was a great leader. In between working they loved travel. Always coming back from holiday or planning one. Their love of adventure took them on many cycling, camping and walking trips.
“It was fitting they would find love with Lucy someone equally positive, full of life and who shared a love of doing things.
"They shared the same interests. Taking every opportunity to go out and enjoy adventures together.”
Ms Davis's daughter added: “My mom was as important to me as air. My heart is broken and I will be scarred for life.
“A wonderful mother like my mom shouldn't be taken so soon. I will make them proud."
Ms Davis's sister Alison also paid tribute to them at the inquest and said: "Lucy was a fun loving, adventurous mom who was passionate about sign language.
“She loved to travel and went to many fabulous places around the world. They lived life to the full."
ENTERTAINMENT
President Moon Jae-in on Sunday watched "A Taxi Driver," a movie about the 1980 pro-democracy uprising in Gwangju at a local movie theater in Seoul.
The movie released this month is based on the true story of a Korean taxi driver and Jurgen Hinzpeter, a German journalist who covered the armed revolt.
Moon was accompanied by Edeltraut Brahmstaedt, the wife of Hinzpeter, and their family.
(Yonhap)
(Yonhap)
In May 1980, citizens of the southern city rose up against a military junta led by Chun Doo-hwan, an Army general, who assumed power via a coup after their predecessor President Park Chung-hee was assassinated.Special operations forces cracked down on the protests leaving hundreds of citizens dead or missing.Moon told Brahmstaedt most South Koreans were unaware of what happened in Gwangju due to the government's media censuring and that many journalists who tried to report about it were sacked during the authoritarian rule, according to the presidential office."We got to know the truth thanks to your husband," Moon was quoted as saying.Brahmstaedt said their husband would have been "so pleased" with the movie about Gwangju, which was a large part of their life."The movie shows how a foreign reporter's efforts contributed to Korea's democratization," a presidential official said. "(The president) saw the film to honor Hinzpeter in respect for what they did for the country."Hinzpeter, who passed away in May last year, is one of a few foreign journalists who exposed the military's bloody quelling of citizens. Upon Hinzpeter's will, part of their body has been enshrined in a special cemetery dedicated to the victims in Gwangju.The film surpassed 7 million in attendance on Saturday, 11 days after its release, according to the film's distributor. (Yonhap)
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The Parliamentary Committee on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) Friday honoured the outgoing Ambassador of China to Pakistan, Sun Weidong with a presentation of a special plaque in recognition of their services to CPEC and strengthening Pakistan-China `all weather friendship'.
During the meeting held here in Parliament House, Chairman of the Committee, Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed, eulogized the services and contribution of Ambassador Sun Weidong during their four year tenure, marked by the launch and successful implementation of CPEC.
Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed also referred to the
contribution of Ambassador's father, who served in the Chinese
Embassy in Pakistan from 1952-58 and said their family had served Pakistan-China friendship from `generation to generation.'
Senator Mushahid Hussain said there was a complete
national consensus on CPEC amongst all the political forces and
provinces of Pakistan because CPEC benefits Pakistan and its people
who had now taken ownership of it as a guarantor of their better
tomorrow.
In their address, Ambassador Sun Weidong said Pakistan-
China people to people exchanges were already being broadened and
more than 200,000 visitors from both countries visited
each other in 2016 while there were 22000 Pakistani students
studying in China including 5000 on official scholarships.
Ambassador Sun Weidong also referred to the 19 Early Harvest
Projects, particularly those in the energy sector which had
contributed to 1820 MW of electricity and after November 2017,
they said thanks to CPEC, surplus power would be produced.
So one result of CPEC was already evident in that it had helped to
resolve Pakistan's chronic electric power shortage.
They said plans were afoot for the convening of the 7th Joint Cooperation
Committee (JCC), which was the apex decision making body on CPEC.
Among the projects would be metro bus projects in all provincial
capitals, construction of Gwadar International Airport, upgradation
of Pakistan railway line between Karachi and Peshawar and the
building of 9 industrial parks would be on agenda for further
discussion.
Another result of CPEC mentioned by Ambassador Sun Weidong was
that prior to CPEC, Pakistan's growth rate was an annual 3.6% but
now with CPEC underway, it had gone up to 5.3% despite many
challenges. Sixty thousand job opportunities were also created by
Chinese companies for Pakistanis.
Responding to a question of Mehmood Achakzai about the
leadership role of China in the Asian century as a peacemaker in
the region, Ambassador Sun Weidong said peace was like oxygen,
fresh air for development and that was why China believed in
partnership, dialogue and cooperation in promoting connectivity
among countries and all issues left over by history, like Kashmir,
need to be resolved through dialogue and negotiations.
They added that “terrorism is the common enemy of humanity” and we
must confront this menace collectively.
The meeting was attended by MNAs Rana Muhammad Afzal,
Isphanyar M. Bhandara, Ghous Bux Khan Mahar, Mehmood Khan Achakzai,
and Senators Lt. Gen. (R) Salahuddin Tirmizi, Shibli Faraz, Talha
Mehmood and Mir Kabeer Ahmed.
“Most people in our field would say that financial incentives, when delivered thoughtfully, can change behaviours — especially in the short-term,” says Leahey, who is also a clinical health psychologist. “Money, in and of itself, is motivating for everyone.”
Money — either getting it or losing it — can make the difference to someone's weight-loss success, says Tricia Leahey , an obesity researcher at the University of Connecticut's Institute for Collaboration on Health, Intervention, and Policy.
But many of us need extra motivation to reach for our running shoes or forgo that second treat. And there is growing consensus that when it comes to losing weight, a big-time motivator can be cold hard cash.
Others can easily decline a second helping of chocolate cake, knowing moderation today may one day lead to better health.
For some, the joy of exercise is enough to inspire early morning runs in the park.
And in 2013, researchers from the Mayo Clinic reported that people who had financial incentives tied to their weight-loss (they got paid $20 or penalized $20, depending on whether they met their monthly target) lost an average of nine pounds over the course of the study, compared to just two pounds in the group with no monetary perks.
A 2008 study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, found people who were given financial incentives to lose weight were five times more likely to meet their dieting goals than those without cash motivation.
Researchers point to two key studies that seem to have taken the idea of dieting for dollars mainstream.
These studies, among others, have inspired web-based programs, such as DietBet and HealthyWage, which use financial incentives to persuade people to meet their weight-loss goals.
Marc Mitchell, a post-doctoral fellow at Toronto's University Health Network, says web-based programs that reward people for making healthy choices, whether walking more, getting a flu shot or losing weight, all draw on behavioural economics, a field that tries to figure out how and why people make decisions.
“These apps are designed to nudge people into making the right decision,” says Mitchell, who has spent seven years researching links between incentives and healthy behaviour.
Though the apps differ in approach — some require you to make a bet on yourself to win money; others ding your credit card if you don't reach your goal — they do have one common denominator: the smartphone.
“They've changed the face of how these apps work,” Mitchell says. “Rewards can be immediate. You can see money drop in your bank account. They log your walking steps (if your phone has an accelerometer). Using GPS, your phone can confirm that you went to the gym.
“When you increase the efficiency of how rewards are delivered, that changes the game.”
It makes sense that money motivates people to lose weight.
After all, the chance of a jackpot win drives sales of lottery tickets, while the fear of fines will force us to pay for street parking. But why is the promise of cash — or the fear of losing it — more of a motivator to lose weight than the potential for living a longer, healthier life?
Scientists are still trying to figure that out.
Abigail Scholer, an associate professor of psychology at the University of Waterloo, says the main reason it's hard to adopt healthy behaviours — say getting up early to work out — is that the rewards of doing that behaviour are experienced in the future, whereas the pleasure of staying in a comfortable bed provides instant gratification.
“These immediate results are more salient, more in our face,” says Scholer, who holds the Canada Research Chair in Motivated Social Cognition.
“We see them and feel them and they often act as guides to our behaviour, rather than these potential, distant rewards, such as feeling better when we're older, or looking better in a dress in a few years.”
While financial incentives can help people adopt healthy behaviours, Scholer says the social aspect of programs, such as DietBet, which bring participants together in online groups, also likely help people succeed.
“There is accountability in those groups,” says Scholer. “By making your commitment public, you may also be more likely to engage in action-planning.”
Research shows that having a specific action plan, rather than just good intentions, helps people meet their goals, they say.
Despite its promises — and the millions of people who have joined programs — questions remain about tying weight-loss to cash rewards and penalties.
So far, there is limited evidence that financial incentives work to help people lose weight — and keep it off — over the long-term.
Part of the problem is our changeable nature; the rewards we find so appealing at the start of a weight-loss challenge can become boring as months pass.
And, adds Scholer, cash rewards usually aren't forever.
“If incentives go away, you may be more likely to stop your new healthy behaviour.”
In the long-term, they say, intrinsic motivation — your love of running, for example, or satisfaction in eating well to achieve better health — will be a better motivator than money.
Leahey, the obesity expert at the University of Connecticut, is researching how to prevent unwanted pounds from creeping back on after someone stops being rewarded for losing weight.
It may be, they say, that very small financial incentives — no more than $2 or $3 a week — can be effective motivators without causing that unwelcome rebound effect.
Until researchers fine-tune how financial incentives best work to promote healthy behaviours, Leahey suggests following a personalized program that suits your lifestyle and specific goals.
For example, they say, reward yourself with a predetermined amount of money for every five days you step on the scale and for every five days you are physically active.
“Do that every single week, for as many weeks as you want. And give yourself periodic bonuses for weight-loss. See how those kinds of incentives boost your success.”
Kia Khadem, a 27-year-old Toronto-based personal trainer, is cautious about how they use cash rewards with their clients.
In their experience, it's better to tie a person's fitness or weight-loss success to the thrill of exercise itself; mastering a new sports skill, for example, or beating a personal best in running.
Last year, though, Khadem did organize a fitness challenge for a group of clients that was tied to money. Participants paid to join the month-long challenge — the dollars went to charity — and the winner, determined by who completed the most tasks, won a month of free fitness coaching from Khadem, valued at $200.
Most participants, they say, found the challenge to boost their motivation. A few, though, did not.
Going forward, Khadem says they will make weight-loss and fitness challenges that are tied to money even more personalized to maximize a participant's motivation.
“Everything that comes to exercise and weight-loss should be done on a case-by-case approach,” they say. “There is no one-size-fits-all, even when it comes to the psychology of it.”
APPS
DietBet
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's business time in the World Cup qualifying campaign.
England secured their place in Russia last night with their late, late winner in the bore-fest against Slovenia, but will any of the other home nations and the Republic of Ireland join them?
Scotland , Wales, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland all remain in the qualification mix, but just what do they need to do to book their places?
I'll be honest, it's complicated.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
There are more permutations than there were paper planes at Wembley last night, but we've used all of our fingers and toes to try and work out exactly who needs to do what in order to ensure they don't have next summer off...
Scotland
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Any hope of Scotland landing automatic qualification ended a while ago, but last night's win over Slovakia keeps them in the hunt for a play-off place.
Remember: The top eight second-placed finishers will qualify for the play-offs, with the ninth missing out. Results against the bottom-placed side are wiped out.
So, first up, Scotland must beat Slovenia on Sunday.
They then need Sweden, Bosnia-Herzegovina or Wales (all currently in second place) to drop points and that would ensure a play-off spot.
Sweden play Luxembourg and the Netherland, Bosnia takes on Belgium and Estonia, while Gareth Bale-less Wales face Georgia and the Republic of Ireland, so there is a good chance at least one of those three will drop points.
Holland, Greece and the Republic of Ireland can all overtake these three sides into second place, but none of them will be able to better Scotland's point tally.
Northern Ireland
(Image: Alexander Hassenstein)
After losing to Germany last night, Michael O'Neill's team cannot qualify as group winners. They have secured second place in the group and look good to land a play-off spot. A positive result against Norway on Sunday will seal the deal.
Wales
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Chris Coleman's men could secure second place on Friday if they beat Georgia and the Republic of Ireland suffer an unlikely home defeat to Moldova.
Should they win tonight and against Republic of Ireland then they will be almost guaranteed a play-off spot.
The only fear is that they miss out on the play-off spot if they are the ninth-best finisher.
Top spot is not beyond them, but will be if Serbia win either of their two remaining matches.
Republic of Ireland
(Image: REUTERS)
Martin O'Neill's men can still theoretically win Group D, but will need to win their last two games and hope Serbia lose their remaining fixtures.
They currently trail second-placed Wales by a point, so a loss to Moldova and a Wales win will see them eliminated.
With the Republic of Ireland going to Cardiff on Monday night we could see a winner-takes-all clash for the ages.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
FOR Cardiff Devils, read Belfast Giants.
Sheffield Steelers seem to have landed themselves with another particularly troublesome opponent.
Before the turn of the year last season, the Steelers played five Elite League games against Cardiff, losing every time.
Over the course of the season, the two teams would meet a total of 12 times in league, Challenge Cup and play-offs, the Steelers eventually winning four of them – most memorably, of course, when Levi Nelson's wonder strike saw them win the play-off final in double overtime at the National Ice Centre.
This time around it seems the Steelers' nemesis is going to be Belfast who, after last night's 3-2 win at Sheffield Arena, have now won all four meetings between the two sides.
There are still four more Erhardt Conference meetings to come between the two clubs, but Steelers' problems extend beyond their head-to-head series against Adam Keefe's side.
In by far the toughest of the league's three conferences, Paul Thompson's team find themselves alongside Belfast, Cardiff and Nottingham Panthers – often regarded as the four front-runners for title honours. In the nine conference games they have played so far, the Steelers have won only one.
But, despite last night's defeat, the Steelers still find themselves in the mix in the overall standings, lying four points behind new leaders Belfast with a game in hand.
In between are Cardiff and Nottingham, both with games in hand on their two rivals, and the Steelers know they can ill-afford to drop too many more points against their fellow conference teams between now and the end of March.
Last night was another typically tight affair, Belfast getting on their way to a third win of the season in Sheffield through a Colin Shields goal at 10.40.
Steelers' Colton Fretter battles with Belfast Giants' Jeff Mason.
Colton Fretter levelled five minutes later, but the hosts found themselves chasing the game again after Brendan Connolly's strike at 34.00, the gap widening further inside the last 10 minutes through Darcy Murphy's effort.
Robert Dowd made it a one-goal game again at 54.38, but that was as close as the Steelers could get on the night.
Learn how you and your kids can learn to love vegetables - without trying to disguise them or hide them. (Photo: Shutterstock)
Mother nature created vegetables as an ideal delivery system for important nutrients, including vitamins A, C, D and K, as well as a slew of disease-fighting compounds. They're also packed with water and fiber, which can help fill you up and keep you trim. Trouble is, for many people, these nutritional powerhouses aren't a favorite food.
Food preferences often stem from modeling behavior. So, if your parents didn't eat or prepare veggies when you were growing up, you're less likely to fill your plate with leafy greens as an adult. It also means you're setting an example for your kids, if you have children in your household.
The good news: You (and even your kids) can learn to love vegetables – without trying to disguise them or hide them. Here are my top six strategies for adding more veggies to every meal – and making them tastier, too.
Use a spiralizer. Spiralizing veggies can make them more fun – and tasty – particularly when you combine them with another element, such as whole grain pasta. Zucchini, carrots, bell peppers and sweet potatoes all make flavorful additions.
Roast them in the oven. Roasting vegetables enhances their flavor and draws out natural sugars. Brussels sprouts, eggplant, bell peppers, tomatoes, sweet potatoes, squash, onions and carrots are all particularly tasty when roasted.
Add them to your favorite dishes. Grate zucchini into lasagna. Make homemade pizza with shitake mushroom caps. Add broccoli to macaroni and cheese and spinach to a can of soup. You can even shred kale, peppers and carrots into tacos.
Keep them handy. When you return from the grocery store, wash and chop all of your veggies and put them in food storage containers. That way, when you're hungry, there's a healthy snack ready in the fridge. Dress up plain veggies with tasty dips like hummus, ranch dressing made with Greek yogurt and tzatziki sauce (a Greek dip made with nonfat yogurt, cucumber, garlic and mint). You can also keep shredded veggies on hand, including carrots, zucchini, squash and cabbage, to add to salads, stir fries, meatloaf and turkey burgers. You can even incorporate them into sauces and sides (squash mac and cheese, anyone?!) since they soften when cooked for a short period of time.
Get saucy. Eating spaghetti? Add zucchini, onions and garlic in your spaghetti sauce. Making a sauce for chicken or beef? Add mushrooms, shallots or leeks. Looking for a simple way to dress up ground chicken or turkey? Smother it with tomato sauce. Better yet, boost your veggie quotient by adding shredded carrots and zucchini to the mix. Salsas are another tasty way to get more veggies on your plate. Just top your favorite lean protein with freshly diced tomatoes, onions, scallions, pepper, corn and cilantro.
Be adventurous. Don't get pigeonholed into cooking vegetables one way (like in the microwave). Sauté bitter greens, stir-fry broccoli, or bake kale and sweet potatoes into chips. And don't forget to get creative with herb and spice blends. Garlic, ginger, oregano and even nutmeg all go well with vegetables.
Challenge yourself to make half of your plate fruits and vegetables. So, whether you're scrambling eggs, making a sandwich or preparing a casserole, amp up the number of veggies in your dish. Throw peppers, spinach and mushrooms into an omelet, top your sandwich with kale, tomatoes and sprouts and add broccoli and cauliflower to your favorite casserole. Soon you'll discover that not only is veggie-laden food more flavorful, but thanks to the fiber, it's more satisfying, too!
Andrea Thelen, MS, RDN (Photo: Henry Ford Health System)
Andrea Thelen, MS, RDN, is a registered dietitian who specializes in nutrition counseling and health coaching at Henry Ford Health System's Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention.
Craving more healthy ideas? Subscribe to the Henry Ford LiveWell health and wellness blog for nutrition, fitness and lifestyle the latest tips. Check out the many veggie-rich recipe videos in our LiveWell Cooking Demo section.
Members of the editorial and news staff of The Detroit News were not involved in the creation of this content.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2AM8nr8
Gilbert Arenas is starting 2017 like they ended 2016 — being ultra petty to their ex/baby mama.
In an Instagram post on New Year's Day, the former NBA All-Star vowed to stop cutting the child support check in 2017.
Although Laura isn't named in the post, it's safe to say that she's the target of their message, as she's been in the cross-hairs of many of their IGs before this. And No Chill Gil even decided to drag Brittney Griner into this post, referencing the WNBA star's messy split their baby mama as well.
"To all my single fathers on child support and #brittneygriner welcome to #2017. THIS is OUR YEAR," Arenas penned on their IG post. "The 1st fell on a Sunday 🙌 #thxujesusforthisblessing. Usually we will be writing checks tomorrow. #SorryBytches not in 2017. We ain't starting the new year off writing a lazy b**** a check and f****** up our happiness. See u h*** on like the 17th. We got s*** to buy."
And they were just warming up.
[Warning: The following IG post contains profanity].
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TACOMA, Wash. - An employee who was fired from a Washington State Walmart for allegedly trying to steal a safe returned to the store days later to try to retrieve what they had left in the safe - their drugs, according to the Pierce County Sheriff's Department.
"On Sunday morning the fired employee called the Walmart store and said that they were coming in to pick up a safe that they 'forgot' at the store," the sheriff's department said in a report on its Facebook page. "Thinking this was suspicious, loss prevention employees opened the safe that the man had previously attempted to steal from the store ... and inside they discovered a yellow container that held a stash of heroin and Xanax."
Police said that when the fired employee arrived at the Walmart, customer service asked them what was inside it and they told them there was a yellow container that had their "medication" inside; employees called 911.
"When deputies arrived the man started crying; they told the deputies the safe was his, and the yellow container and narcotics were his. They went on to say that they paid $350 for them," the sheriff's department said.
The 24-year-old was booked into the Pierce County Jail for unlawful possession of a controlled substance.
Last year was a rough one for YouTube, and it plans on fixing a lot in 2018.
Whether you're a creator or just an occasional viewer, you probably heard a thing or two about YouTube having a rough 2017. Between multiple Ad-apocalypses, the whole Logan Paul debacle, and stricter partnership requirements for smaller channels, there was no shortage of events and controversial decisions that made last year one of YouTube's roughest.
CEO Susan Wojcicki recently took to the YouTube Creator Blog to share their top five priorities for the site for 2018, and while it remains to be seen how these words will be turned into actions, it sounds like YouTube is on the right path.
Starting first with the elephant in the room, it's said that YouTube is working on new policies to better handle bad behavior from the site's biggest names.
Wojcicki says:
We're also currently developing policies that would lead to consequences if a creator does something egregious that causes significant harm to our community as a whole. While these instances are rare, they can damage the reputation and revenue of your fellow creators, so we want to make sure we have policies in place that allow us to respond appropriately.
On a similar note, Wojcicki also reiterates the fact that YouTube will be increasing its number of human employees to 10,000 for manually reviewing content, in addition to further improving its machine learning system that's had a tendency to demonize videos and entire channels that weren't actually deserving of it.
More humans for (hopefully) less unnecessary demonitizations.
Improvements here are important and need to happen, but in an effort to help creators continue to make money even without advertisements, YouTube Red will expand to additional markets alongside "a revamped YouTube Music experience."
Communication has also been a weak point for YouTube, but changes are coming here, too. YouTube will supposedly start making better use of its @YTCreators and @TeamYouTube Twitter accounts to be more engaged and active with community questions/concerns, and emails will be sent out for any major news or updates.
Lastly, YouTube will also use 2018 as a year to invest more in its educational content. More specifically –
That includes working with our educational creators to bring more of their content to the platform as well as expert organizations like Goodwill to provide and feature even more high-quality job skills videos on YouTube.
No matter if you're a creator or viewer, what are your thoughts on this update? Do you think these changes are enough, or is there more you think that needs to be addressed? Sounds off in the comments below.
Some YouTube ads forced users' computers to mine cryptocurrency
Peshawar
Three foreign hunters, hailing from America, Canada and Mexico, have successfully hunted Kashmiri Markhors, a wild goad with long spiral horns, in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa under the Trophy Hunting scheme.
“All the three Markhors have been hunted in different wildlife conservancies in Chitral district of the province,” informed Iltaf Ali Shah, SDFO (Sub-divisional Forest Officer) Chitral district. The first animal was hunted down by a Canadian hunter in Ghairat Golain Conservancy in December month of year 2017, Iltaf Ali Shah informed APP.
Talking to APP from Chitral district, Iltaf Ali Shah said the second and third Markhors were hunted in Toshi Shah Shah game reserves. “The permit for sale of Ghairat Golain conservancy had been auctioned at US dollar 76,000. While the two permits for hunting of wild goat in Toshi Shah Shah game reserves were sold at dollar 85,000 and dollar 85,200,” said Safdar Ali Shah, Chief Conservator Wildlife department KP. Safdar Ali Shah informed that KP Wildlife department was authorized to sell four permits for hunting of Markhor under the Trophy Hunting Scheme.
“The fourth permit is also sold to a foreign hunter for hunting in Kohistan district of KP,” they added. The fourth hunter has not hunted the animal and is expected to succeed in the current month of March, they continued. The total amount collected through selling of four permits is around dollar 3,16200.—APP
Albuquerque, NM, February 1, 2017 – Beginning in the next few weeks, fire managers from the Black Kettle National Grassland may conduct prescribed fires on several of the Grassland units. The prescribed fires will take place sometime between February and early April 2017 if conditions remain favorable.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Brighton City Council Discusses Possible Headlee Override Next Year
December 11, 2017
Brighton City Council members spent the better part of their retreat at city hall this weekend discussing the revenue picture and the difficulty of gaining major new revenue sources, short of a Headlee override. An override would mean that, if passed, the Headlee Tax Limitation Amendment would be superseded and voters could be asked to approve “up to 20 mills” - which is the limit under the City Charter.
At present, Brighton property owners pay 15.27 mills in city property taxes. However, the amount raised this year in city property taxes was about $500,000 less than it was in 2008, just before the recession hit. At that time, property values declined dramatically, and they've only recently begun to rebound.
City Manager Nate Geinzer says the problem with Headlee is that although property values can spiral downward fast, when the economy improves, property taxes can only rise by 5% a year, or even less, if the cost of living increase is lower.
Mayor Jim Muzzin tells WHMI council has looked thoroughly at every possible way to raise revenues to meet the demands of a full-service city, and it doesn't look as if there are any other alternatives than a Headlee override – if given voter approval.
If passed, a Headlee override would raise $1.85 million the first year. And even that wouldn't be quite enough to meet all of the city's needs. Muzzin says the city actually needs $2.5 million per year in order to get to where it needs to be. Geinzer says the city's excellent financial record is deceptive. They say the city has had to cut expenses to the bare bone to maintain a healthy fund balance and still be able to meet the public's expectation for services such as sewer, water, road maintenance, snow plowing and salting and leaf pickup.
Geinzer says the city is forced to keep putting off street maintenance and upgrades because the funds simply are not there. They add that if no new revenue sources are found, Brighton's fund balance will drop to zero in a few years.
Geinzer adds the city has received no help at the state level. According to the Michigan Municipal League, state revenue sharing to local municipalities has been cut by $6.2 billion over the past 12 years. However, unlike the state, Muzzin says the city has few ways to raise revenues. Discussion of a Headlee override, with possible action, will be taken up again at the first or second meeting in January.
(TT)
The chair of the Toronto police board is recommending that an independent review of the controversial school resource officer program be cancelled, in the wake of the Toronto District School Board decision to pull police from its halls.
In a November 22 letter to their colleagues on the Toronto police board, chair Andy Pringle recommends that an $80,000 evaluation of the school officer program by Ryerson University — commissioned in August — be discontinued.
Instead, they suggest Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders, in consultation with the board, discuss with the TDSB and the Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB) “as to the best manner in which a safe, welcoming and inclusive culture can be achieved and the appropriate role, if any, for the Toronto Police Service in achieving that objective,” Pringle wrote in correspondence that's part of the agenda for the upcoming board meeting.
The move comes less than a month after the TDSB opted to cancel the decade-old program, which saw 45 police officers assigned to schools throughout the city.
Trustees had voted to remove police from schools following the school board's own six-week review of the program, which included feedback from 15,000 students, as well as staff, parents and community members.
A lone gunman has opened fire on foreigners in drive-by shootings in a central Italian city, wounding an undisclosed number of people before being arrested, police said.
The suspect's motive was not immediately clear, but the city of Macerata is still reeling from the gruesome killing of a young Italian woman this week, allegedly at the hands of a Nigerian immigrant.
Police said all those wounded were foreigners and they later confirmed the arrest of the unidentified suspect about two hours after the shooting erupted in the city of Macerata.
Video posted by the newspaper il Resto di Carlino showed what appeared to be a body on the ground on a shopping street.
The shooting spree came days after the murder of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme.
The head of the anti-migrant Northern League, Matteo Salvini, has capitalised on the killing in campaign appearances, and is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in their first year in office if their party wins control of parliament and they are named premier.
The teen's remains were found on Wednesday in two suitcases, two days after they walked away from a drug rehab community.
Police have not said how many people were wounded in Saturday's shootings. The news agency ANSA said two of the injured were black, and that witnesses reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found and also near where the suspect lived.
Police had warned people to stay inside while the shootings were ongoing. Authorities ordered public transport halted and that students be kept inside schools, which are open on Saturdays.
Italians vote in the general election on March 4.
In An Era Of Fake News, Advancing Face-Swap Apps Blur More Lines
Most people familiar with "face-swapping" know it as an innocuous social media feature. An algorithm captures a person's face and pastes it onto someone else's. The result is rarely seamless and often funny.
But as it grows more sophisticated, that technology has taken a sinister turn: It's now become easier to superimpose the faces of celebrities onto those of actors in pornographic films, resulting in highly-realistic fake videos.
Deepfakes, as the digital form is called, takes its name from the Redditor "deepfakes," the first person known to create these fake porn videos. Celebrities Daisy Ridley, Gal Gadot and Taylor Swift are among deepfakes' early victims.
Samantha Cole, an editor at Motherboard, who first reported on the trend, tells NPR's Scott Simon that the videos are created using a machine-learning algorithm, which is trained by processing hundreds of photos of an individual's face.
"Someone takes a dataset of one person's face — and a lot of pictures of that person's face — and then a video that they want to put it on," Cole says. "And they run a machine-learning algorithm, train it on these two images, and after a few hours, gives you the result, which is, these very realistic, fake porn videos."
So, while well-photographed actors and actores are easy targets, as the technology quickly becomes more advanced and accessible, not-so-famous faces are worried where they might show up online.
That's the talk of Reddit threads right now, Cole says, "Whether this can be done with people that they know or scraped from Facebook images or Instagram. It's definitely possible, if you have enough images of someone."
In fact, a new, user-friendly tool, FakeApp, democratizes the technology. FakeApp allows anyone to generate fake videos with their own datasets. Deepfakes enthusiasts have been inserting into movies the Internet's favorite face: Nicolas Cage.
Usersub YouTube
Legally, though, this quickly-advancing technology has been outpacing the law. "It's all very hazy right now," Cole says. "Celebrities could sue for misappropriation of their images, like when you use a celebrity's face for an ad without their permission. But the average person has little recourse. Revenge porn laws don't include the right kind of language to cover this kind of situation."
Similar technologies have already stirred fears. Last year, journalist Nick Bilton considered the implications of adding two new manipulative mediums. They pointed to a video demonstrating technology researchers developed that allowed them to manipulate the facial expressions of world leaders, including Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin.
If fabricated text-based stories can snowball into events like PizzaGate, they suggested, they left the door open for the consequences that could play out on an international stage when bad actors latch onto this technology.
"Celebrities and porn performers are two groups of people that have lots of images of themselves publicly so they're easy targets for this, but so are politicians," Motherboard's Samantha Cole says. "It's going to be difficult trying to suss out all of this in an era of fake news."
The American Council of Engineering Companies appointed Michael Snyder, PE, a senior vice president at Dewberry, as the coalition's chair.
As chair, Snyder will collaborate with the organization's five other chairs to coordinate joint activities and a strategic plan.
At Dewberry, a privately held professional services firm, Snyder has more than 36 years of experience providing land design services in Maryland and leading the firm's site/civil engineering team.
CLAIM
George Soros said "I've made my life's mission to destroy the United States. I hate this country and I hate all of the people in it."
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
Billionaire philanthropist George Soros is reviled in right wing circles — not, of course, because of their vast wealth, which they earned as a good, old-fashioned capitalist, but because of how it spends it, i.e. on progressive social and political causes.
They have therefore found themselves the target of innumerable derogatory rumors and memes, most portraying Soros as a sort of mad “puppet-master” throwing their money behind “subversive” groups and candidates to achieve their master plan of reducing America to ruin.
How do they know that's their master plan, you ask? Well, because they announced it, supposedly, and on more than one occasion. A quote attributed to Soros making the rounds since mid-2017 unambiguously conveys their supposed hatred of America and Americans:
“I've made my life's mission to destroy the United States. I hate this country and I hate all of the people in it.' George Soros 1979 pic.twitter.com/vzUaihrHV8 — Lori Hendry (@Lrihendry) August 14, 2017
Curiously, despite the claim that the remark was published in an unspecified issue of Newsweek 38 years ago, we've found no evidence that this quote existed at all prior to 2017, when it suddenly sprang up, fully formed, on social media. There are no cites, no mentions, no paraphrases, nor even any critical reactions to the obviously fabricated statement in any published source over those entire four decades.
We did find what you might call a variant of the quote that's several years older:
American Revolution: No Crying Allowed http://t.co/Awef5a4 “Destroying America will be the culmination of my life's work.”~ George Soros. — Mark (@sh007r1) August 13, 2011
The link in that tweet goes to an August 2011 Breitbart.com article warning of “a looming breakdown in our society” that the author blames on Soros and “veterans and decedents of the Radial [sic] Left from the 1960s” (emphasis in the original):
These are terrible ingredients — a volatile mixture sitting dangerously close to open flames. There are those who wish to do nothing more than to fan these flames. “Destroying America will be the culmination of my life's work.”~ George Soros. In their twisted view, in order to create a New America, the old one must be destroyed and erased. These are the veterans and decedents of the Radial Left from the 1960's. Others are merely useful idiots in this plot who have fallen victim to the visions of utopia of a completed society of equals in every way imaginable: equal in squalor; equal in misery.
The quote appears to have first surfaced around 2010, when it enjoyed great popularity on far-right blogs and web sites, some of which cited a newspaper called The Australian as its source. This example is from The American Jingoist, 28 July 2010 (emphasis in the original):
My point here is that Soros is an EVIL planetary parasite. Their grasp, greed, and gluttony have a global reach. But what about America? Soros told Australia's national newspaper “The Australian” “America, as the centre of the globalised financial markets, was sucking up the savings of the world. “Destroying America will be the culmination of my life's work.”
Soros also told “The Australian” that the world financial crisis was “stimulating” and “in a way, the culmination of my life's work.”
As you probably noticed, there are actually two versions of the quote cited in that passage, one in which Soros supposedly said destroying America would be the culmination of their life's work, and the other in which they supposedly said the world financial crisis was the culmination of their life's work. Notwithstanding the disparity, both versions were very popular in right-wing media around that time, we found.
What Soros actually said in their 2009 interview with The Australian was this:
Peter Wilson: I am interested in how you keep track of so many issues and areas. Is your information structure different from other major investors? Do you place more emphasis on geopolitics than most?
George Soros: No. If anything I probably get less information than most people because I tend to focus on what I consider to be the salient features and neglect the less important so it is more by process of triage that I work. So people bring things to your attention if they think a situation is developing in a region or a market?
I read the newspaper, I have some financial services that I also look at. I'm not on top of the financial markets. I just don't have adequate information on detail so I can only use blunt instruments that are sort of macroeconomic instruments. On the other hand, I am tremendously involved in policy issues and that is where I am focusing. What sort of policy?
The financial crisis, and how to solve it. It was not something that I was particularly concerned with prior to the rise of the crisis and I am also involved in the activities of the (Soros) Foundation. But for the past 18 months you have been keeping an eye on the markets?
Yeah but I have also been writing a lot more than I was writing before because the crisis really stimulated me. I wrote a series of articles in the course of the year, I wrote a book, I published a book and I'm just about to publish a sequel to last year's book, bringing it up to date, I am just working on it now. So do you have a sense that things are coming together for you now?
It is in a way a culminating point of my life's work, so to speak. Everything is coming together.
Yeah, the American election, the financial crisis, the theory of reflexivity. So it is actually a very stimulating period. Just as well you didn't retire ten years ago.
Right, right.
Our first takeaway from the above is that nowhere in the interview did George Soros say anything remotely resembling “Destroying America will be the culmination of my life's work.” That statement is obviously a fabrication.
Our second takeaway is that neither did Soros say (or imply) that the world financial crisis was the culmination of their life's work. As is clear from the context, what they were talking about was trying to solve the world financial crisis:
SOROS: On the other hand, I am tremendously involved in policy issues and that is where I am focusing. WILSON: What sort of policy? SOROS: The financial crisis, and how to solve it.
That, plus writing books, running their foundation, and involving themselves in American electoral politics were the specific activities Soros mentioned before describing that moment in time as “a very stimulating period” and a “culminating point” in their life's work.
We would observe, in closing, that if destroying the United States was their aim and 2009 marked the culminating point of their efforts to do so, they were a miserable failure by any measure.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A restaurant is serving up a massive steak which weighs more than a newborn baby lamb - and costs £179.
The 200oz monster is dished up along with garlic bread, chips, onion rings, mushrooms, tomatoes and coleslaw.
The huge meaty meal is designed to be shared by four people and any group which completes the meal within one hour gets it free of charge.
So far 10 groups have attempted it - but only two have finished it.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Cattlemans Steakhouse in Paignton, Devon, also has an £89 100oz steak challenge for one person, which has only been completed once.
A spokesperson for Cattlemans said: "Challenges seem to be all the rage, and we wanted to bring a bit of fun to the restaurant.
"We don't get people doing it every night, but we've had a few.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"The 200oz challenge is very doable," the spokesperson continued.
"I've not tried it, I could never eat that amount of steak."
Opioid Advisory Committee Exploring How To Best Combat Crisis
April 24, 2018
Members of a county-led opioid abuse advisory committee recently weighed in on the status and focus of their efforts, as well as their position related to a federal lawsuit.
The committee, comprised of Livingston County Commissioners Gary Childs, Kate Lawrence, and Doug Helzerman, met Monday and held an informal discussion with community members regarding regional aspects of the opioid epidemic. Among those in attendance were local residents, candidates running for various governmental positions, a nurse and a pharmacist. Each provided their perspective on the crisis, but several wanted to know whether Livingston County would be joining a number of Michigan counties and municipalities in a federal lawsuit filed against drug manufacturers and pharmacies. The lawsuit seeks damages related to opioid treatment, related deaths and law enforcement costs.
Commissioner Lawrence says "there are not a lot of answers yet", as the committee is just now beginning its investigation into what the best avenue is to tackle the crisis and "looking for answers to specific questions." Lawrence says the committee was formed to explore what's being done locally, how stakeholders can work together and whether the committee would make a recommendation to the Board of Commissioners on taking action to potentially join the suit. Resident Judith Minton was interested in whether the board had established metrics for their investigation and agreed identifying one specific mission is the hardest part.
Committee Chairman Gary Childs voiced the idea that politics and preferences need to be removed, saying there's a need for collaboration between the various agencies and groups fighting the crisis. Childs says that could include other counties for the best outcome, instead of "everybody goes after the same piece of the pie." Speaking to the lawsuit, Commissioner Helzerman says, "We need to be careful...if there is money to be gotten...the money will never come close to the cost to the county and individual lives."
Former Howell Township Trustee Mike Tipton spoke to the committee, stating there is an "assumption that the county would be reluctant to do any funding," adding that while they may offer coordination and support, funds would be non-existent or a minimal contribution.
While several community members in attendance voiced support for the county to join the lawsuit, Registered Nurse Kelly Wilkinson is currently against it. They say they could be swayed with solid reasoning, but responded to a pharmacist in attendance who feels the opioid problem may partially begin with doctors inappropriately prescribing drugs by being “pressured into it”.
Wilkinson says there's a problem within the medical field as a whole and that action should begin with specific education for health professionals in teaching patients how to properly use prescribed opioids. Wilkinson says there's also a lack of pain management alternatives available and a community stigma against addicts seeking recovery.
A closed session was held at the end of the committee's meeting to discuss legal opinions on whether the county would take part in the lawsuit; however an outcome or any part of the discussion was not shared afterward. (DK)
UNITED NATIONS, Jul 3 (APP):A Palestinian Bedouin community is under threat from a demolition order within days, to make way for Israeli settlement expansion, the UN human rights office, OHCHR, warned on Tuesday.
Spokesperson Liz Throssell said that the imminent destruction of buildings used by Khan al Ahmar al Helu residents comes after the Israeli High Court ruled against any further delay.
“The community is home to 181 people – more than half of them children,” Ms Throssell told journalists in Geneva, noting that it is “at high risk of forcible transfer” owing to Israeli practices and policies “that coerce people and communities to move”.
The Khan al Ahmar al Helu community has spent the last decade opposing the move in a part of the central West Bank called Area C.
In total, around 7,000 people from 46 Bedouin communities live there “and we are concerned about all of them”, the OHCHR spokesperson said, noting that the community is located near existing “large Israeli settlements”.
Describing Israel's planning policy as “discriminatory” and incompatible with international law, Ms Throssell explained that “most properties are considered illegal” because planning permits are not granted to Palestinians in the area.
In an appeal to the Israeli authorities, the OHCHR spokesperson said that if the demolitions went ahead, “people would lose their homes, children would lose their schools” and residents “would lose their community”.
Such a development would “likely amount to forced evictions” and violate the community's right to housing, Ms Throssell said.
They added that once demolitions take place, the community is expected to be encouraged to move about 10 kilometres away to a suburban area on the outskirts of East Jerusalem.
Such a move is “not really appropriate for a community that has animals and needs grazing”, Ms Throssell said, adding that this had happened before, affecting 150 Bedouin Palestine refugee families between 1997 and 2007.
“The demolition itself may not amount necessarily to forced eviction, “ the people may try to stay in the area,” they said. “But as you can imagine, it really increases the risk of forced transfer, so our main call to the Israelis, is not to proceed with the demolition of this community.”
Ms Throssell added that international humanitarian law prohibits the forced transfer of the population of an occupied territory, regardless of the motive.
Acts 19:20 “So the word of the Lord grew mightily and prevailed.”
The Word of God is living and active (Heb 4:12) and one of the characteristics of a living thing is ability to grow. The Word can be grown and as the Word grows, it dominates and prevails over all circumstances in life. Study and meditation of the Word grows that Word in you.
Colossians 3:16 “Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.” Be rich in Word.
That would change everything in you. That would change you make you a sure success because the Word will prevail over every weakness and any failures.
Joshua 1:7-8 “Only be strong and very courageous, that you may observe to do according to all the law which Moses My servant commanded you; do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left, that you may prosper wherever you go.
This Book of the Law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate in it day and night, that you may observe to do according to all that is written in it. For then you will make your way prosperous, and then you will have good success.”
Psalm 1:2-3 “But their delight is in the law of the Lord, And in Their law they meditate day and night. They shall be like a tree Planted by the rivers of water, That brings forth its fruit in its season, Whose leaf also shall not wither; And whatever they do shall prosper.”
Proverbs 4:20-22 “My son, give attention to my words; Incline your ear to my sayings. Do not let them depart from your eyes; Keep them in the midst of your heart; For they are life to those who find them, And health to all their flesh.”
Confession
The Word is working and prevailing in my life and circumstances. The Word makes me a success. In Jesus name. Amen
Contacts +265888326247 , +265 881 28 35 24, +265997 53 80 98
PanARMENIAN.Net - Italian President Sergio Mattarella will visit the Armenian Genocide memorial when they arrive in Yerevan on July 30.
Mattarella is set to meet their Armenian counterpart Armen Sarkissian, Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and the Catholicos of All Armenians Karekin II.
While in the Armenian capital, Mattarella will pay tribute to the memory of 1.5 millin victims of the Genocide and law wreath at the memorial.
Fort Collins Nursery‘s 2017 Rock Garden Concert Series will conclude on August 17 with a very special benefit concert featuring one of Colorado's favorite bands…The Holler! 50% of the night's ticket sales and all donations from wine and beer sales will go directly to The Matthews House in Fort Collins, to aid in their mission to empower youth and families by building trusting relationships and providing resources to disrupt the cycles of poverty and abuse.
In addition to great music, the event features beer from High Hops Brewery, wine provided by Wilbur‘s Total Beverage and delicious brats and dogs from Schmickel‘s Hot Dog Cart. Live Auction items include 2 concert tickets for the August 25 Lumineers show at Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre, Englewood, and 2 VIP passes to the Denver Food and Wine Festival. Money raised will benefit The Matthews House. Found Nation Animal Rescue of Westminster will also be present for a dog adoption event.
During the concert, Fort Collins Nursery will transform from a retail space to a stunning and unique venue appropriately dubbed “The Rock Garden.” Audience members can relax under the evening sky, nestled along the banks of Dry Creek and the Cache la Poudre River and surrounded by beautiful plants, trees and wildlife.
This is an all ages event. Doors open at 6 p.m.; the concert is at 6:30 p.m. Admission is $12 advance/ $15 day of show/ kids 12 and under FREE. Tickets and additional information are available at
http://shop.fortcollinsnursery.com/rock-garden-concert-ticket.html
Nick Foles said Tuesday their restructured contract works for both they and the Philadelphia Eagles and although they want to start again at some point, they love being in Philadelphia and is happy to back up Carson Wentz when they are healthy enough to resume the starting role.
Editor's Picks Jones rules out Dez reunion with Cowboys Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has ruled out any chance of wide receiver Dez Bryant returning to the team.
Cheerleaders will settle for $1 with Goodell talk Former NFL cheerleaders who filed claims will settle for $1 each if Roger Goodell meets with a group of them, The New York Times reports. 1 Related
Foles on Tuesday called it a "crazy situation" to go from Super Bowl MVP to backup the next season but repeatedly called the Eagles' locker room a "special place" in explaining why the "unique" situation works.
"Do I want to lead a team again? Absolutely," Foles told reporters. "But am I trying to run away and do that right now? Well if it presents itself and that works out, then fine, I'll live in that moment. But at the same time, I'm so grateful to be a part of this organization."
Foles said they aren't worried about trade rumors as it's not worth worrying about something they can't control. Eagles coach Doug Pederson said at last month's owners meetings that Foles won't be traded.
They agreed to the restructured contract last week, a deal that includes a $2 million signing bonus, incentives if they start and hits certain benchmarks, and a mutual option for 2019. Foles was in the final year of their contract and was scheduled to make a base salary of $4 million this season.
"It was sort of a mutual thing," Foles told reporters. "We had been talking about it, just because of the situation we're in. The contract, if you really analyze it, it's really a good, good contract. It benefits me; it also benefits the team, as well. They have an option on me. We were able to basically create something that protected me and protected the team, because it is a unique situation we're in now."
Wentz has set the 2018 season opener against the Atlanta Falcons on Thursday, Sept. 6, as their target return date from a torn left ACL and LCL suffered in December. Speaking to the media last week, Wentz said they are in the "running progression" stage of their rehab and is "feeling good with where I'm at" on the comeback trail.
Patrons of a Scarborough restaurant may have been exposed to hepatitis A, Toronto Public Health says.
The city department says an employee of Cliffside Bistro at 2277 Kingston Rd. has a confirmed case of the virus, and anyone who consumed food or drinks at the restaurant on July 21, July 25 to 29, August 2 or August 4 may have been exposed.
Toronto Public Health says the risk for those who dined at the restaurant is low, but they should be careful to watch for symptoms.
Hepatitis is a disease affecting the liver. Hepatitis A can be passed from person to person through contaminated food and water.
The Government of Canada says symptoms include fever, loss of appetite, stomach cramps, dark urine, fatigue and jaundice (which is indicated by yellowing skin and eyes). However, a carrier may be asymptomatic.
by Christine Stuart | Jun 14, 2017 12:30pm Google
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Health Care, Insurance
Courtesy of the foundation Frances Padilla, president of the Universal Health Care Foundation
HARTFORD, CT — For the past three years, the rate request hearings at the Insurance Department have followed a tight script starting with commentary from the public followed by comments from the insurance company.
On Wednesday morning 10 members of the public testified against Anthem's proposed rate increase, but healthcare advocates from one leading organization declined to participate.
Anthem Health Plans and ConnectiCare Benefits defended their requests for double-digit rate hikes for 2018 during separate Insurance Department hearings Wednesday, but the Universal Health Care Foundation of Connecticut announced on the eve of the hearings that they wouldn't testify.
Anthem Health requested an average 33.8 percent increase for individual health insurance plans both on and off the exchange. That means about 35,000 customers have rate increases from between 19 percent to 52 percent.
ConnectiCare Benefits has asked for a 15.2 percent average rate hike for its 51,000 individual market customers on the exchange. The rate increases range from 8.4 percent to 18.7 percent.
“We believe the state's approach to the health insurance rate review process is unwelcoming of real public participation and too narrow in its scope, failing to truly grapple with the rising health care costs facing both consumers and payers,” Frances G. Padilla, president of the foundation, said. “The timing of the hearing is also unfortunate, given the attacks on the Affordable Care Act occurring right now.”
The Insurance Department doesn't have to hold public hearings on rate requests. The hearings are held at the discretion of the insurance commissioner.
Rating hearings were held by the department in 2010 , 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 .
Public pressure and increases in health insurance premiums under the Affordable Care Act played a role in allowing for the hearings, but the decision to hold them lies with Insurance Department Commissioner Katharine Wade.
In a letter to the Universal Health Care Foundation Wade said they hear the frustration about the rising insurance rates.
“Consumer protection is the prime mission of the Insurance Department and as regulators we work with public, private and nonprofit stakeholders to address the key drivers of health insurance - medical costs,” Wade wrote in a May 30 letter. “This is why I have always believed that these hearings are important to give consumers a forum and require carriers to provide a public accounting of the reasons behind their rate requests. And although health insurance rate hearings are not mandated by statute, I have held them every year since becoming commissioner in 2015.”
However, advocates complained its an exercise in futility because the regulations the department must apply to the rate requests is inadequate. That's because it doesn't allow regulators to consider consumer affordability.
The Insurance Department's job is to make sure that the premium covers the claims and it doesn't discriminate against any specific group of clients.
The rates have to be adequate, and they can't be excessive or unfairly discriminatory, but beyond that there's little regulators can do to reign in costs for consumers.
The Universal Health Care Foundation said It has asked for the state to adopt consumer affordability standards in response to the Insurance Department's stance that it is by statute only required to evaluate requests to increase premium rates relative to their impact on insurance carrier solvency.
In February 2017, the Insurance Department submitted testimony in opposition to proposed legislation to adopt consumer affordability standards.
The legislation, submitted by Senate President Martin Looney, D-New Haven, asked the Insurance Department to add affordability to the list of things it considers when setting the rates. The bill had a public hearing but never received a vote from the committee.
“If premiums are set at what would be deemed excessive rates for those with higher incomes to subsidize premiums that would be deemed inadequate for those with lower incomes, this would violate current rating requirement under the ACA. Setting inadequate rates would violate actuarial standards and rating laws and threaten carrier solvency,” the department wrote in testimony. “This is not in the best interest of consumers.”
The Universal Health Care Foundation said it understands the department is required to ensure the fiscal solvency of insurers via their rates.
“We also understand that rate increases, especially double-digit increases, make purchasing a health insurance plan for consumers a financial struggle, and threatens the fiscal solvency of many households,” the foundation said. “But while insurers have other products, investments, and streams of revenue to turn to, the consumer must rely on state regulators to protect them.”
They said it's not reason enough to shy away from creating more affordable options.
“Unaffordable health insurance is a more expensive version of being uninsured,” they said.
There are also a lot of unknowns for consumers and insurance carriers alike as Congress seeks to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
One of the consumers who testified Wednesday suggested the Insurance Department hold the hearing open until the U.S. Senate decides whether to move forward with repealing and replacing the ACA.
“If the law changes we will address those changes accordingly,” Donna Tommelleo, a spokesperson for the Insurance Department, said.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 13 (APP): The government on Sunday announced
the change of venue of the Flag Hoisting Ceremony from Parliament
House to Convention Centre.
The ceremony was scheduled to be held on Monday, (August 14)
in connection with the Independence Day, at the Parliament House
however it was changed to Convention Centre Islamabad owing to
bad weather conditions.
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read if you have not yet watched “After,” the seventh episode of the second season of “The Handmaid's Tale.”
Yvonne Strahovski's character in “The Handmaid's Tale” might be named Serena Joy, but there is very little in their Gilead life that is actually joyful.
Although the actor admits that Serena has it better than most women in the new, dystopian society, they have still been stripped of the voice, passion, and power they had in their regular life, years before. With their husband Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) stuck in the hospital, being treated for injuries sustained post-handmaid suicide bombing, Serena is reclaiming a little bit of their past self — though in secret.
Acting as Fred, they drafted new security orders — and even enlisted June/Offred's (Elisabeth Moss) help in the project. On the one hand, their actions cement their strength by looking to the rest of the world like he's still capable of doing their job, but on the other, they exemplify their own ability to make tough decisions in a time of need. And what at first glance seemed like it may have just been a test for their handmaid turned out to be a genuine olive branch.
“She really does need somebody,” Strahovski tells Variety of Serena. “Any human, when you're in such isolation from humanity, [would]. Ultimately the goal is to get the household back together because without Fred, God knows what would happen to Serena…but they are trying to be a bit more friendly with Offred.”
Here, Strahovski talks with Variety about Serena and Fred's pre-Gilead relationship, Serena's new power play, and whether or not they personally find hope in the story the way Serena finds hope in June's baby.
How did learning Serena and Fred's backstory — that they were once very supportive of their work and at times even the driving force for them to use their voice — affect what you had previously worked out in your mind about their relationship?
It's always weird to get their backstory. It almost feels like we're shooting a completely different [project] in a way when we go back in time and we wear normal clothes. I think their relationship was far more normal. I think there was a genuine sense of love between them — and passion and respect. I think Fred recognized in Serena that they were a very capable, incredible woman who was passionate about something and able to be a spokesperson and able to articulate herself. And they were smart, so I think they encouraged them and pushed them out into the limelight to be that spokesperson that they recognized — and admired — in them There was much more of a back and forth between them. Serena could run the show and could talk back to them and shut them down when they were suggesting things. Obviously that's incredibly different now, which is partly why you see such bitterness and misery in the character of Serena now. Them relationship has continued to diminish throughout the time that we've seen in season 1 and throughout season 2.
How much of their old relationship do you think Fred and Serena allowed to creep into Gilead, behind closed doors?
When they first moved in, I think they broke the rules. I think they totally hung out in their bedroom and did stuff they shouldn't have been doing in Gilead. They did have fun. But slowly that corruption, that power, that greed took over the Commander, and Gilead started to do what it does best — and that is pitted everyone against everyone. You can't really have an ally.
Speaking of allies, where does their relationship with June stand now after they entrust them with the documents?
I do think it's genuine at the moment. I do think they need somebody. God knows what's going to happen between them and Fred — she's still really isolated — and that slowly gets to you after awhile. But it's hard with Offred because although they do try to be a little more friendly with her, then Offred goes and asks to see them kid, which is like a slap in the face.
How dangerous is what Serena is doing right now — signing Fred's name onto something which they may not approve of or with which they may not agree?
I think there still is an element of feeling safe at that point — just because they do have somewhat of an alliance, just in terms of you know how it's kind of implied they set up the marriage of Nick and Eden. It's those little secrets that they do hold together — there's still an element of an alliance between them. So there's still a little bit of “I'm going to have your back; you have my back” — even though there are plenty of other ways they don't do that for each other. So I don't think it's super, super dangerous at this point. In a lot of ways, they have to protect them by doing this [and] in a lot of ways they do need them back in the household for them to really be fulfilled in their goal, which is the child. That child is really going to make their happiness come alive. But I think there is definitely a line where that would not be OK anymore, depending on how involved Serena gets in their work.
What do you think it took for them to turn off the woman from years earlier to become the woman they are in Gilead today?
I think there's this big idea of what one has to do for the greater good, and I do think that she, initially, did have a passion and a desire to inspire women to focus on their biology and produce babies. That was a good, positive thing that they were doing. They understood the state of the world and that the human race may become extinct, seeing the rate that the world was going. They wanted to do something about it. They planted those seeds and started that ball rolling and then at some point they lost them voice.
In your mind, does that other version of them still exist?
They were involved in the original discussions of the architecture of Gilead [so] it's this weird, twisted set of conflicting dialogue in their brain about how ultimately this will be for the greater good because we will improve the world and we will improve the human race and we will make babies in Gilead. So part of what we have to do is sacrifice. And my sacrifice will be giving up part of who I am for the sake of this new world. And I think she's always been a woman of faith — that's a very strong element of that character — and that's a huge driving force behind the rest of it.
Will they come to regret any of their decisions this season, even as far back as decisions made that helped usher in Gilead?
I think there probably are a lot of regrets, but I also think those are just not winning right now in their brain, and they haven't been for awhile. I think what's winning is that overriding notion that ‘I'm doing this for the greater good and all will be well in the end and we are the generation that has to tough it out because the next generation won't know it is like we knew it — they won't know the “before” world. I think Serena still has a lot of hope, and that hope lies in the future child. I don't know what would happen if they lost that hope. I expect change for her, but until they lose ultimate hope in Gilead I don't know that she's going to acknowledge all of them regrets.
Do you personally find anything hopeful about the show?
It's hard to have hope! Ultimately, I think, as an actor I don't know that I want that. I enjoy so much this dark world that we explore that's full of despair and tragedy and things you're not allowed to say. It's just so riveting to be able to come to work and play in that world. For me, I don't know that I want things to get better for Serena. In fact, it would probably be more fun if they got worse. Bring it on!
New episodes of “The Handmaid's Tale” stream on Wednesdays on Hulu.
San Francisco: Call it weird but typing "the1975..com" in the Google app on certain Android smartphones will show your personal text messages in Search.
According to media reports, the bug in the Google app on Android devices - especially OnePlus, Samsung, LG, and Huawei -- has left several users baffled.
"A user on Reddit found that typing in 'the1975..com' (note the extra dot_ in the Google app on Android will display the user's text messages in the app," ZDNet reported on Thursday.
"For some unexplained reason when I type in 'the1975..com' (specifically with two periods) into my search bar on the default pixel launcher it displays my recent text messages through Google," the Google Pixel owner wrote.
The messages also will only appear in the app if the user has given permission for the Google app to access SMS messages, the report said.
Google was yet to comment on this.
Other Reddit users said they got the same results when searched for "Vizela viagens" (a travel agency).
According to Tech Republic, the possibility is that the bug is connected to Google Assistant which may have been able to read text messages aloud for some time.
Customize Your Content
Take control of what content you see. From inspiration on starting a business to learning more about how to find solutions - make our site yours and never miss a beat.
SPRINGFIELD - City Council President Orlando Ramos on Monday was sharply critical of the reported comments of a city police officer mocking the dead and injured from this weekend's counter-protest of a white supremacy rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Ramos joined Mayor Domenic Sarno in expressing anger toward the comments expressed by Conrad Lariviere, a Springfield police officer, on their personal Facebook account.
Lariviere, who was appointed to the police department in October 2014, wrote the following comment in response to news that dozens of people had been injured and one woman killed when someone drove a car through a crowd of counter-protesters at the rally:
"Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block roads."
The driver, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., of Ohio, who some have called someone with white supremacist views, has been charged with multiple crimes including second-degree murder.
Lariviere's comments came to light when someone read them, recognized that they were a Springfield police officer and then alerted the local press.
Ramos wasted no time in expressing their outrage.
"I am disgusted by the officer's comments mocking what should be considered a domestic terrorist attack," they said in their statement to the press. "It's concerning that someone who has taken the oath to serve and protect Springfield residents would praise the violent actions of white supremacists."
"I trust that Commissioner Barbieri will take swift action; and send a message that this garbage will not be tolerated," Ramos said.
Sarno on Sunday night responded in a similar vein.
"I just got done issuing a statement this morning on how upsetting the tragic incidents were in Charlottesville, VA, and one of our own officers does this? Unbelievable! There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer," Sarno said.
Since their comments came to light, Lariviere has expressed remorse for their insensitivity in making what they called "a stupid comment."
"Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing," they said to MassLive.
Barbieri has said they intend to case reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board.
Have your say
Officers are trying to trace a former fairground worker in West Yorkshire.
Police want to speak to Michael Clark in connection with an ongoing enquiry.
 They are believed to be from the Castleford or Airedale areas, and aged in their late 60s to early 70s, a spokesperson for West Yorkshire Police said.
The spokesperson said they also worked on fairgrounds in the 1960s.
Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101, quoting crime reference number 13170260407
Josephine, the startup that lets people cook meals inside their homes and sell them to neighbors, is sponsoring a recently-introduced homemade food bill in California that aims to legalize the sales of prepared meals and other food from small-scale, home kitchen operations. Assemblymember Eduardo Garcia (D-Coachella) introduced the bill, AB 626, today.
Josephine is sponsoring this bill in part because the startup decided to pause its Oakland operations last May after some of its cooks received cease and desist letters for the illegal sale of food from their homes. Under Cottage Food Law, it's illegal in California to sell homemade food unless they are “non-potentially hazardous foods” — foods that are unlikely to grow bacteria at room temperature — like baked goods (cookies, biscuits, pastries), candy, dried fruit, popcorn and dried pasta. So, there are also wider implications and benefits for street food vendors and small-scale caterers if this bill passes.
“Now, I think there's even a broader political impetus around protecting vulnerable communities,” Josephine Co-CEO Matthew Jorgensen told TechCrunch. “And given that there is a threat of criminal sanctions for preparing and selling food from a home kitchen, which could be punishable by misdemeanor, there is a lot of willingness to clarify the law.”
This is the second time Josephine has sponsored a bill (the first was AB-2593, which was ultimately pulled due to opposition from the California Conference of Directors of Environmental Health in 2016), but the company hopes for a different outcome this time around. That's because it has worked with its opposition, the CCDEH, as well as a group of cooks, legal experts, and food and labor justice organizations.
“[The CCDEH] have agreed to continue collaborations,” Jorgensen said. “They've essentially laid out a number of considerations that if met substantively would allow them to not oppose the bill this year, which is a huge about face when it comes to just regulatory culture change.”
Last year, the bill Josephine sponsored looked to exclude homemade food sales from the food code, and likening the operations of Josephine's cooks to those of a community potluck so that, “below a certain scale, this sort of operations wouldn't be subject to commercial permitting requirements,” Jorgensen said. But regulators still wanted to be involved in specifying requirements around those types of operations, so the bill was scrapped. This current bill, which has the support of the CCDEH, proposes an entirely new permit that requires some specifications around training and sanitation for homemade food sales.
If the bill passes, Josephine would be able to legally resume operations in Oakland and throughout California. The soonest Josephine would be able to kick back up operations in California, Jorgensen said, would be January 2018.
Given that its biggest opponent co-drafted the bill, Josephine is pretty optimistic that the bill will be successful. And if it does indeed pass, Jorgensen thinks it would strengthen Josephine's case in other cities in which it operates and is looking to operate.
“For us, we see it as our first proof point that we can thoughtfully and collaboratively craft legislation that addresses the needs of these cooks, and is respectful and sensible from a public health perspective,” Jorgensen said. “I think that a lot of our conversations in other cities and states — it's been helpful to be able to refer to the fact that we're actively drafting and engaged in this sort of collaborative effort in California because California, in a lot of ways, is considered to be a leader when it comes to public health standards, as well as food systems work, so I think if we're able to pass the law here, it's really going to be a great proof point that this can be done and done safely.”
Featured Image: Josephine
New Delhi (ABC Live): Legal Framework Governing Broiler Chickens : Since the last four decades the poultry business has been a backyard affair, but today, it has expanded into a massive industry. Broiler chickens are bred and raised to gain maximum body weight in the shortest period of time.
Birds are bred through trait selection in order to achieve maximum weight with maximum feed conversion ratio36, with little regard for the welfare of the bird. Rapid growth of muscle on an infantile skeletal structure makes the broilers prone to joint, bone and ligament disorders.
As a result, these birds suffer from leg deformities and lameness. The welfare implications for caging broilers raise several welfare concerns as observed in battery cages for layers.
Therefore, the usage of broiler battery cages should be discontinued and the system of cage-free rearing ought to be preferred with improvements in stocking density, feed, and hygiene. The entire process from housekeeping to transport to slaughter must be made humane.
Legal Framework Governing Broiler Chickens
Rule 3 of the PCA (Slaughter House) Rules, 2001, prohibits the slaughter of any animal except in recognised or licensed houses. Whereas rule 6 provides for several conditions pre- and post-slaughter, including ―rule 6(1) No animal shall be slaughtered in a slaughter house in sight of other animals‖ and ―rule 6(2) No animal shall be administered any chemical, drug or hormone before slaughter except drug for its treatment for any specific disease or ailment.
Further, it prescribes required infrastructure of slaughter houses. All of which have also been included in the FSS Regulations, 2011, which is a comprehensive set of regulations.
The regulations prescribe standards for slaughter house infrastructure, location of premises, sanitary practices, equipment and machinery to be utilised, personal hygiene, pre-slaughter handling, transport and space requirement during transport, humane slaughter methods, and sanitary requirements for meat processing units.
It is pertinent that the incidence of diseases is markedly reduced in slower growing broiler chicken strains. France has produced ―Label Rouge‖ chickens. These chickens reach slaughter weight at 12 weeks, and suffer substantially lower incidences of leg disease, low mortality rates despite having a grow-out period that is twice as long as conventional broiler chickens.
The trend for using slow-growing chickens may also be seen in the United Kingdom as well as the United States of America. Therefore, slower growing chicken strains may be promoted for broiler production. It is desirable that early steps are taken to notify regulations to ensure that trait selection is not only for production of healthy broiler chickens but also welfare centric.
It is a matter of concern that there is no regulation with respect to stocking density and other housing conditions. The minimum floor space available per bird should be an important factor in calculation of maximum stocking density.
It is expected that the AWBI acting pro–actively will look into all the issues of welfare of animals including the broilers, on similar lines as in egg – laying hens rules. The regulations for housing and stocking 21 density of broiler birds along with relevant provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Broiler Chickens) Rules, 2017 are recommended.
On perusal of the 1978 Rules, as well as the FSS Regulations, 2011, it is found that the procedures and standards prescribed in these laws are satisfactory. Once the appropriate authority ensures the strict compliance of these rules and regulations the object will stand achieved.
To ensure the same failure on the part of the official concerned shall render them personally responsible, as if it was a dereliction of duty.
On perusal of the Slaughter House Rules, 2001, as well as the FSS Regulations, 2011, it is found that the procedures and standards prescribed in these rules/regulations are satisfactory. However, these rules/regulations are violated blatantly in roadside meat shops and outlets.
The appropriate authorities shall ensure strict compliance of these laws by providing for personal responsibility of the concerned officer for a failure which may be treated as dereliction of duty, if so found. Additionally, a mechanism be developed for imparting training to butcher/slaughter men so that sanitary practices are followed during slaughter.
The NFL reduced kickoff returns by 1.8 percentage points in 2016, a modest impact for its one-year rule experiment to improve player safety by encouraging more touchbacks.
Teams returned 39.3 percent of kickoffs during the just-completed regular season, down from 41.1 in 2015, according to ESPN Stats & Information. The touchback rate was 57.6 percent, up from 56 percent last season.
The NFL's competition committee considers the kickoff return to be the most dangerous play in football. After an increase in concussions last season, it moved to reduce the total number of returns, and thus the risk of injury, by shifting the touchback to the 25-yard line. In total, there were 45 fewer returns in 2016 compared to 2015 in almost the exact same number of kickoffs. Concussion data is not yet available.
The committee is expected to review the final results and discuss future options next month. Because of the nature of the rule, NFL owners will need to either approve it as a permanent change or pursue other ideas. The earliest a vote would take place is during the March 26-29 annual league meetings.
Moving the touchback to the 25-yard line generated strong opposition from coaches, whom the committee hoped would be incentivized to pursue more touchbacks because of better field position. Instead, many of them increased their use of short "mortar" kicks that would force returns by leaving the ball short of the goal line. The percentage of kickoffs into the end zone dropped this season to 76.9 percent from 83.5 percent in 2015. Even with that approach, however, teams still lost ground in field position. The average drive start after a kickoff was the 24.8-yard line, up from the 21.6-yard line in 2015.
Coaches objected in other ways as well. New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick, for example, disputed last week that touchbacks would lead to safer outcomes. The play remains full-speed with the ball in the air, and Belichick noted a Week 16 concussion suffered by Denver Broncos cornerback Kayvon Webster on a touchback as an example.
"We saw a pretty big concussed play with a touchback," Belichick said. "Part of the touchback is 'We think everybody is really not playing at the same speed because we think it's a touchback, it's going to be no play.' But as a coverage team, you don't know for sure the guy isn't coming out or not, so you're playing it at full speed. So some of the concussions and some of the injuries look to me like they come on touchbacks."
It's possible that the NFL will consider an alternative proposed this past spring by a group of special-teams coaches during a conference call with senior vice president of officiating Dean Blandino. The idea would require an alignment similar to punts and thus limit the number of high-speed collisions. It is expected to be used in The Spring League, an independent developmental league scheduled to play in April at The Greenbrier Resort in West Virginia.
Samsung is likely to drop a few hints about the Galaxy S8 at MWC.
Samsung has already mentioned that it won't unveil the Galaxy S8 at this year's Mobile World Congress, with the official launch said to occur a month later — likely on March 29 — at an event in New York. A new report out of Korea suggests that Samsung will reveal the launch date for its upcoming flagship at its MWC event, which is being held on February 26.
The South Korean manufacturer could offer an early look at the Galaxy S8 in the form of a one-minute teaser at the end of its MWC press conference, where we'll see the Galaxy Tab S3 make its debut. There's plenty to talk about the device thanks to numerous leaks over the course of the last month, including dual-curved displays for both variants, thin bezels, lack of a home button at the front, rear-mounted fingerrint sensor, and a dedicated button for Samsung's new AI assistant, Bixby.
The Volvo XC40 is equipped with safety features such as oncoming lane mitigation, driver alerts and roll stability control besides seven airbags. Photo: Volvo Cars India website
New Delhi: Swedish luxury carmaker Volvo Cars on Wednesday launched its entry level SUV XC40 in India at an introductory price of ₹ 39.9 lakh. The Volvo XC40 R-Design, which will compete with the likes of Mercedes-Benz GLA, BMW X1 and Audi Q3, is powered by a two-litre diesel engine making 190 BHP.
“The launch of the Volvo XC40 and our aggressive dealer expansion of one new dealer per month this year is the key success factors in achieving our ambition of doubling segment share by 2020,” Volvo Car India managing director Charles Frump said in New Delhi at the launch.
Volvo Car India had sold a total of 2,029 units last year as against 1,585 units in 2016. They said the new model completes the portfolio of SUVs for Volvo Car in India, which includes the top end XC90 and XC60. “It is a particularly good time to enter the segment in India as it is the fastest growing with around 6,000 units a year,” they added.
When asked if the company would consider bringing a petrol variant of the XC40, Frump said: “We are looking at the petrol option but 90% of demand in the segment is diesel”. On the significance of bringing new models, Volvo Cars vice president Asia Pacific Richard Snijders, “India is clearly the new upcoming force in the automotive business”.
The Volvo XC40 is equipped with safety features such as oncoming lane mitigation, driver alerts and roll stability control besides seven airbags. Snijders said the company has set a target by 2020 nobody should be seriously injured or killed in a Volvo car.
NSBA World Kicks Off In Tulsa, Oklahoma
The NSBA World Show kicked off August 12 and will run through August 20 in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The 12th annual event will offer events for all breeds, including World Championship, Breeders Championship Futurity, and Stakes events, and award over $500,000 in prizes.
We've provided important links to help keep you up-to-date on the latest happenings.
Schedule
Live Feed
Patterns
Working Orders
Yearling Sale
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Barcelona are reportedly prepared to offer a player in part-exchange for Chelsea forward Willian.
The La Liga champions have emerged as rivals to Manchester United for the Brazilian star.
Chelsea are believed to want £80million for Willian but the Catalan club are reluctant to pay that sum.
According to Mundo Deportivo , the player is keen to move to the Nou Camp and has instructed their agent Kia Joorabchian to facilitate the move.
 They are currently holding talks with Chelsea executives in a bid to progress the transfer.
(Image: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images)
(Image: Catherine Ivill)
And Barcelona is willing to allow either Andre Gomes, Rafinha or Paulinho to move to west London as part of the deal.
It remains to be seen whether Chelsea would be willing to accept those terms.
Colombia defender Yerry Mina is another player who could be used as a make-weight after several impressive performances at the World Cup in Russia.
Mina only joined Barcelona in January but the club have too many non-EU players and could be forced to move them on.
Conservatives in Congress looking to extract some spending cuts in exchange for supporting an increase in the statutory debt ceiling may soon enough find themselves out of luck.
Why? Because at least for the moment, cooler heads are prevailing, and those who understand the implications of playing a game of chicken with the federal fisc are winning the day.
Thankfully.
Failing to raise the debt ceiling would likely be catastrophic, causing financial markets across the globe to melt down, and plunging the world into a prolonged recession.
When Congress returns to Washington next month following its summer recess, there'll be a mere dozen working days on the legislative calendar before the Treasury Department is expected to run up against the federal borrowing limit. Twelve working days to disaster.
As we've explained in this space before, a vote to increase the debt ceiling is a vote to pay the bills. Nothing more, and nothing less.
There are some who tend mistakenly to believe that the vote, which comes around now and again as part of routine business, is a vote to spend more taxpayer money. Nope. Those decisions were made already.
We'd like to think that everyone in Congress understands this. Some, however, seem to act as though they don't. Perhaps they are endeavoring to appeal to those who are confused about the process. Maybe they are just playing dumb in an effort to try to get some of what they want.
When Congress votes to boost the debt ceiling, it is merely doing what it needs to do to make good on its financial obligations. That's it. When it does so without attaching that vote to something else, it's referred to as a "clean" increase. All debt-ceiling increases should be in that category.
With Republicans in the majority in both houses of Congress and with a nominal Republican in the White House, there really should be no problem in raising the debt ceiling this time around. (There really ought not be a problem even when government is divided, but that's wishing too much in our current era of rampant dysfunction on Capitol Hill.)
In recent years, when Democratic President Barack Obama was in the White House, the so-called Freedom Caucus in the House of Representatives would sometimes vow not to vote for a debt-ceiling increase unless they got all sorts of concessions. This group of Republicans, of course, some three dozen strong, is made up mostly of those who don't want the government to do much of anything at all - except to cut spending, that is.
But, one could hope, with some wiser heads in key positions in the administration, the strength of the Freedom Caucus ought to be greatly diminished.
But there's a sour note for those who tend to look for potential clouds, even on the sunniest of days: Back when they were a representative from South Carolina, Mick Mulvaney, now director of the Office of Management and Budget, was one of the founding members of the radical Freedom Caucus.
At the moment, they seem to have been largely silenced by those who understand fully that playing with the debt ceiling is playing with fire. But there remain not a few in our government's legislative branch who share their wrongheaded beliefs about the federal debt.
To these folk, toying with the full faith and credit of the United States can seem a game. A game they can win. It most decidedly isn't.
When Congress is back on the job, it should vote to increase the debt limit - quickly, cleanly, without drama - putting any potential foolishness about failing to raise the ceiling in the rearview mirror.
TOKYO — Japan coach Akira Nishino has named their 23-man World Cup squad, relying heavily on veteran players with previous experience in the tournament.
Keisuke Honda and Shinji Kagawa were among almost a dozen named on Thursday who represented Japan four years ago in Brazil when Japan failed to advance from the group stage.
Nishino made their debut as Japan's coach on Wednesday when their team lost 2-0 to Ghana in a friendly.
Japan fired Vahid Halilhodzic last month, only two months before Russia's World Cup opens, and replaced them with Nishino.
Hatters midfielder Cameron McGeehan believes a win over fellow promotion-chasers Portsmouth at Fratton Park this afternoon would be a real statement of intent from their side.
Luton go into the game one place and one point behind their south coast rivals, although they would leapfrog Pompey into fourth place with a victory.
Everyone's looking forward to it and if we can get a win there it's a statement of intent. Cameron McGeehan
It's exactly what McGeehan is aiming for too after seeing Portsmouth win 3-1 at Luton last month, as they said: “They're a massive club. Fan wise, they get more fans than we do, partly because of the stadium as they were in the Prem, but the lads are all excited about it.
“It's one you look out for and see Fratton Park away. It's a massive game, everyone's looking forward to it and if we can get a win there it's a statement of intent.
“It should be a good game, we're taking a load of fans as we always do and looking forward to the occasion.
“We're just a point behind them, so if we can go there get the win and go above them, that's what we need to do.
“We need to make sure we put a good display on and take something from the game because we possibly owe them as they sort of turned us over here a month ago.”
Like Luton, Portsmouth have struggled at times in front of their own fans this season, with five wins from their 10 home matches and have gone two games withouth a win on home soil prior to today's game.
With a crowd of around 18,000 expected, McGeehan wants to put the hosts under the kind of pressure that they and their team-mates feel at Kenilworth Road, as they continued: “They're similar to us, they get big crowds and then sometimes struggle at home because it's harder as it's everyone's cup final, playing against Luton and playing against Portsmouth.
“The pressure's on them this time, the pressure's not on us. We go there and the onus is on them a bit more to come at us.
“Away from home has probably looked after itself and there's probably a little bit less pressure as I think the lads do feel pressure when they play here (Kenilworth Road).
“It's a big stadium, a big club, so we do feel pressure. Away from home potentially a bit less and think that the counter-attacking style we play at times helps us as well.”
Town will have had just one day's rest for the fixture, with Pompey enjoying an extra 24 hours as they drew 0-0 at Yeovil Town on Friday night.
However, McGeehan is hopeful once the adrenalin kicks in, their side will be fine, adding: “It's a quick turnaround, we've just got a day to recover and then get into it, so we need to make sure we do everything right until then.
“It's tough, but we've got a top sports scientist in Jared (Roberts-Smith).
“We'll let them work their magic and then the physios, Simon (Parsell) and Daz (Cook) will be busy doing massages and getting everyone right.
“We'll have a good sleep, do our recovery at the training ground, ice bath there, massages, go and have a jog, try to get the legs back.
“Then we'll get to the hotel up there, go in the pool and hopefully be fine for Monday.
“I think the adrenaline will carry us through though, it's that type of game.
“It's maybe harder if you're going to a smaller stadium to get yourself going if your legs are going, but it's such a big stadium, it won't be a problem.”
"Hello World Wide Web," Sienna Miller captioned their first Instagram photo, before adding a series of hashtags that suggest she's not the #luddite they claim to be. After years of avoiding social media, it looks like the actor has finally given in to peer pressure and chosen to create a public profile for fans and friends. Cara Delevingne was quick to share the news with a cute photo of the pair, which Sienna quickly regrammed. We can't wait to see what's to come, because if their red carpet appearances are anything to go by, it's going to be a lot of fun. Only three posts in, and Sienna has already shown some feminist solidarity through their wardrobe choice, given us a peek at Jack O'Connell's chest, and revealed the nickname they have for Cara (Shnoyster!).
But as if that isn't enough, the really cute thing is them bio. While other stars often use that space to post quotes, plug their latest projects, or link to their other online presences, Sienna used it to highlight the most important job of all. The bio simply reads "Marlowe's Mama."
All together now: "Awwwww!"
Shari Redstone's National Amusements has returned fire at CBS, suing Leslie Moonves and most of the CBS board of directors as the battle for control of the company escalates.
The 66-page complaint filed Tuesday by National Amusements Inc. (NAI) in Delaware Chancery Court seeks to block the CBS board's effort to dilute NAI's overwhelming voting control in the company. The complaint also challenges the legality of Moonves' severance package, asserting that the rich pact was never reviewed by the full CBS board. The NAI lawsuit follows CBS' stunning decision to file suit May 14 against its controlling shareholder, claiming that NAI's agenda in pursuing a merger of CBS and Viacom was detrimental to the interests of other CBS shareholders.
“As NAI's complaint makes clear there was no ‘threat' or ‘interference,' and indeed there was no action that could possibly warrant the CBS directors' unprecedented, unjustified, and unlawful efforts to unilaterally dilute NAI's voting rights,” NAI said in a statement. “Unlike CBS' complaint, NAI's complaint is based on actual facts. Those facts demonstrate that CBS' allegations are false, and that the CBS board and special committee took their actions not in response to any genuine threat, but instead because Les Moonves has tired of having a controlling shareholder. While Les Moonves is an extremely capable television executive, neither he, nor the board acting at their behest, is entitled to strip NAI of its voting control.”
The NAI lawsuit offers a detailed narrative of the CBS-Viacom merger considerations during the past two years that are the crux of the conflict between CBS and its controlling shareholder. The complaint asserts that Redstone, who is vice chairperson of CBS and Viacom and president of NAI, had decided just before CBS filed its lawsuit to back off the latest merger push in the face of opposition from the CBS special board committee assembled to consider the merger.
The complaint maintains that Moonves expressed their support for a merger with Viacom that would pave the way for a possible larger transaction involving the combined companies. Redstone told Moonves they would be willing to give up control of CBS and Viacom in a larger M&A scenario. The NAI complaint asserts that Moonves in late 2017 indicated to Redstone that they were ready for the “next chapter” of their career and that they would not “stand in the way” of a CBS-Viacom transaction in contrast to the prior merger discussions in 2016.
The NAI suit vehemently denies the claims in CBS suit that NAI intended to force through a CBS-Viacom merger and would replace members of the CBS board if they continued to oppose the transaction. The NAI suit accuses Moonves of giving the CBS board an “ultimatum” that they would quit unless they supported a long-shot legal gambit to approve a special stock dividend that would dilute NAI's voting interests. At a special board meeting on May 17, the CBS board voted 11-3 to approve a dividend to stockholders that would have the effect of diluting NAI's voting stake in the company from about 80% to about 20%. That action is on hold pending the lawsuits. On May 16, NAI implemented changes to CBS Corp.'s bylaws that would invalidate the dividend vote because it was not approved by a 90% majority of the board.
The CBS board members cited in the suit are the 11 members that are not affiliated with NAI: Moonves, Gary Countryman, Charles Gifford, Bruce Gordon, Linda Griego, Martha Minow, Joseph Califano, William Cohen, Leonard Goldberg, Arnold Kopelson, and Doug Morris.
NAI maintains it was blindsided by CBS' legal action after being told on May 9 that the CBS board was going “pencils down” on merger discussions until after its May 18 annual shareholders meeting. That meeting was postponed at the May 17
“For their part, the Director Defendants improperly chose CBS's CEO over its controlling stockholder. They apparently had no qualms about abdicating their fiduciary obligations in order to serve Mr. Moonves's will, leaving it to this Court to protect NAI and CBS's other Class A stockholders from the unlawful dilutive dividend and without pausing to consider the extraordinary injuries that would be inflicted not only upon NAI, but also upon CBS and all of its stockholders in the interim.”
CBS in a statement said the new complaint from NAI was “not unexpected.” The statement also asserted: “The amended complaint filed last week by CBS and its Special Committee details the ways in which NAI misused its power to the detriment of CBS shareholders, and was submitted after careful deliberation by all involved. We continue to believe firmly in our position.”
There's no word yet from the Delaware court on the next step in the dueling lawsuits.
The NAI suit offers other details about behind-the-scenes maneuvers at CBS in recent years. Among the highlights:
In 2006, Moonves approached Shari Redstone's father Sumner Redstone about the possibility of taking paying NAI a premium to take CBS private in a deal that would leave the company in their control. Moonves raised the subject with Shari Redstone again in 2015 but their proposal “led nowhere” both times.
In 2016, when Sumner Redstone was forced to step down as CBS chairperson because of their failing health, Shari Redstone declined to exercise their right to become chairperson, “knowing how important it was to Mr. Moonves that they assume that role.”
As with Moonves' severance package, the suit questions the validity of a clause in the employment contract of CBS chief operating officer Joe Ianniello that calls for them to receive a payment of $60 million if they do not succeed Moonves as CEO. “That provision of Mr. Ianniello's contract was not approved, or even discussed, by the full Board prior to the agreement being signed,” the complaint states.
The complaint sheds light on the alleged bullying of Shari Redstone at the hands of CBS director Gifford. NAI has said its only effort to remove a CBS board member was directed toward Gifford because of their actions toward Redstone on two occasions in 2016 and 2017. In once instance, Gifford is accused of “grabbing their face and directing them to listen to him,” according to the complaint. In a footnote, the complaint elaborates: “After hearing that Ms. Redstone was upset by their conduct, Mr. Gifford later told them that they meant no offense, and that was how they treat their daughters when they want their attention. Ms. Redstone clarified that they were not Mr. Gifford's daughter but instead the Vice Chair of CBS.”
The complaint details the back-and-forth between Moonves and Redstone over the issue of a post-merger role for Viacom CEO Bob Bakish, painting Moonves as insecure. The issue of management and board composition was a major sticking point in the discussions between the special committees. CBS pushed for Moonves and their existing CBS team to run the combined company with no senior role for Bakish. “Mr. Moonves repeatedly bemoaned that Ms. Redstone liked Mr. Bakish more than him, and Ms. Redstone had to repeatedly assure Mr. Moonves that was not the case, that they actually had a closer personal relationship with Mr. Moonves than Mr. Bakish, and that they wanted Mr. Moonves to run the combined company,” according to the NAI complaint.
Read the full complaint here:
US stock benchmarks all traded deep in negative territory Monday, with technology shares facing the steepest selling pressure amid concerns tied to Facebook's management of user data, MarketWatch reports.
Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve's coming rate decision has created some uneasiness as investors are expecting the central bank to adopt a more aggressive path to normalizing monetary policy and lifting borrowing costs.
What are the main benchmarks doing? Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 435 points, or 1.7%, to 24,515 with all components. The S&P 500 index dropped 50 points, or 1.8%, to 2,701, weighed by a 2.4% decline in the technology sector, the worst performer among the broad-market benchmark's 11 sectors. All of the S&P's sectors were trading sharply lower.
The technology-laden Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -1.97% lost 173 points, or 2.3%, to 7,310. The Dow has turned negative for the year, off 0.8%, while the S&P is up 1.1% for the year and the Nasdaq has advanced 5.9%.
What's driving markets? Facebook's plunge following pubic outcry over its management of third-party access to users' information is weighing on other social media stocks and the technology sector which is the best performing industry this year.
The Federal Reserve has the attention of markets worldwide with an interest-rate hike expected on Wednesday following a two-day meeting of the central bank's policy group, the Federal Open Market Committee. Higher interest rates can make riskier assets such as stocks less attractive.
Investors also have been worrying this month about a potential global trade war. Concerns about trade friction come as the Trump administration takes a hawkish stance on trade with China and moves ahead with tariffs on foreign steel and aluminum.
There are no Fed speeches and no top-tier US economic reports expected on Monday.
Which stocks are in focus? Shares of Facebook skidded 7.1% as the social-media giant has ignited a firestorm over third-party's access to Facebook users' personal data. Cambridge Analytica, a firm hired to assist President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign harvested private information of 50 million Facebook users without their permission. It is also the biggest data breach in Facebook's history.
Twitter fell 1.6% and Snap Inc. shed 4.1%.
KLA-Tencor Corp said it plans to acquire Israeli electronics technology company Orbotech in a deal with valued at about $3.4bn and an enterprise value of about $3.2bn. KLA-Tencor shares were down 5.2%, while those for Orbotech were up 6%.
Toronto-based cannabis company Cronos Group's shares soared 9.1% after the company said it has entered a cross-border joint venture with MM Enterprises USA, or MedMen Enterprises, to develop branded products and open stores across Canada.
Apple is reportedly designing and making its own display screens for the first time. The iPhone maker's shares were down 1.9%.
What are strategists saying? “Equities are lower and Treasury yields are higher and I think it may be signaling that there's some anxieties abut how hawkish the FOMC will be on Wednesday,” said Brian Jacobsen, senior investment strategist at Wells Fargo Asset Management.
As for the tech slide, Jacobsen declined to talk about specific companies but said trepidation around “what is going on with advertising as a source of revenue” for some companies is one reason why some social media names are facing selling.
“The market is pricing in a 97.9% likelihood of a rate hike at this meeting. The big question then will be the ‘dot plot' giving the FOMC members' estimates of where rates will be at the end of this year and next,” said Marshall Gittler, chief strategist at ACLS Global, in a note.
“I expect that the committee will indeed revise up their forecast for rates, for next year if not for this year, and that this will boost the dollar.”
“Short-term I think we're just going to have a lot of trepidation until the new Fed chairperson speaks,” said Crista Huff, chief analyst at Cabot Undervalued Stocks Advisor.
This article was published by MarketWatch
Cardi B's cool AF little sister Hennessy Carolina talked about their girlfriend and their bisexuality in a June Instagram post celebrating Pride Month.
"If you can't accept the B in LGBTQ, (L)lesbian(G)ay(B)BISEXUAL(T)ransexual(Q)ueer, then please don't speak up for the community if you can't fully understand ALL of us!" they wrote.
They continued:
"A bisexual girl expressing that they sometimes like to kiss and hook up with girls especially when they get a little loose when they drink wine, Sounds human and normal to me! I don't have a problem with that!! Whether you want to go out, have some drinks and hook up with the same gender for one night or whether you decide to be in a relationship with him/her, it should be no one's concern or business or even PLACE to tell you how to complete your sexual desire unless you're a pedophile! You can STILL consider yourself LGBTQ if you to choose too! Bisexual means you're attracted to both genders. No matter what's the status of the relationship or what you chose to do with that person ... If a woman like to be in a relationship with a man but like to enjoy their sexual desire with a woman from time to time they can still consider themselves to be a BISEXUAL! same goes for men..... and please if your still in your confused stage, please don't talk for the whole community until you can fully comprehend ALL of us! We don't like to be the judge or to be labeled! We just want be excepted for who we are... Love is love! That being said HAPPY GAY PRIDE MONTH FROM ME AND MY WIFE."
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain Wednesday visited Islamabad Traffic Police (ITP) police to get a driving license.
Upon arrival, they were received by Inspector General of Police, Islamabad Tariq Masood Yasin and Senior Superintendent of Police ITP Malik Matloob Ahmed.
The president, who was issued token number 0441, went through all the routine procedure required for getting the license like a common citizen and answered requisite questions.
On this occasion, the IG Islamabad briefed the president about
the working of the ITP office and the steps that were being taken to
facilitate the general public.
The president praised the professionalism, integrity and
public friendly service of the ITP which had eased the procedure for
common citizens to obtain driving license.
The president also appreciated that all necessary
facilities had been provided to the applicants under one roof.
They said the government was committed to facilitate the general public in every manner and commended the ITP personnel for providing quality service to the people.
Previously, President Mamnoon Hussain was having a driving license of
Karachi which they now got it renewed from Islamabad. For that
purpose, they were issued no objection certificate from Karachi Traffic Police Office as per the law.
PHOENIX -- Catcher J.T. Realmuto lost their salary arbitration case against Miami and first baseman Justin Bour beat the Marlins to leave players with a 3-1 record this year.
Realmuto was given a $2.9 million salary Friday instead of their request for $3.5 million. The decision was made by arbitrators Andrew Strongin, Elizabeth Neumeier and Allen Ponak, who heard arguments Wednesday.
Bour was awarded $3.4 million instead of Miami's $3 million offer by James Oldham, Steven Wolf and Mark Burstein, who presided over Thursday's hearing.
Realmuto may be traded as part of the Marlins' payroll purge under new chief executive Derek Jeter. Miami already has dealt major league home run champion Giancarlo Stanton, Marcell Ozuna, Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich. Realmuto made $562,500 last year and was eligible for arbitration for the first time after hitting .278 with 17 homers and 65 RBI.
Bour hit .289 with 25 homers and 83 RBI last year, when they had a $552,500 salary.
Boston All-Star outfielder Mookie Betts and Arizona pitcher Shelby Miller won the first two cases of the year.
Houston closer Ken Giles had a hearing Thursday, and Toronto closer Roberto Osuna and Tampa Bay shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria went before panels Friday. Both pitchers were eligible for arbitration for the first time.
Eighteen players remain scheduled for hearings in the next two weeks. Twenty-five hearings would be the most since 1987.
Osuna requested Wolf, Robert Herzog and James Darby give them a raise from $552,400 to $5.8 million instead of the Blue Jays' $5.3 million offer. The 22-year-old right-hander was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves last season, raising their three-year total to 95. But they also led the major leagues with 10 blown saves in 2017.
Giles asked Phillip LaPorte, Sylvia Skratek and Strongin for a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million -- $400,000 more than Houston's offer. They had 34 saves in 38 chances and went 1/3 with a 2.30 ERA last year for Houston. While the Astros won their first World Series, Giles had an 11.74 ERA in the postseason and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when they allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Hechavarria submitted a $5.9 million figure and was offered $5.35 million by the Rays in a case that will be decided by Gary Kendellen, Oldham and Neumeier. They hit .261 with eight homers and 30 RBI in last year for the Marlins and Rays, who acquired them in late June near the end of a 1+-month stay on the disabled list caused by an oblique strain. They made $4.35 million.
For the first time since the church massacre in Charleston, South Carolina, that claimed their mother's life, Chris Singleton speaks exclusively with E:60's Bob Woodruff, about a mother's love, a night of horror and how baseball saved their lives. (16:51)
Chris Singleton, whose mother was one of the victims in the Charleston, South Carolina, church shooting in 2015, was selected on Day 3 of the Major League Baseball draft Wednesday, going with the final pick of the 19th round to the Chicago Cubs.
Singleton just wrapped their junior season at Charleston Southern, where they were an outfielder. They started all 51 games for the team, finishing the season with 18 steals, 38 runs scored, 10 doubles and four home runs. They were among the nation's leaders with 10 outfield assists.
Chris Singleton, seen here during a guest batting practice session with the New York Yankees in 2015, was drafted Wednesday in the 19th round by the Chicago Cubs. Bill Kostroun/AP Photo
Their drafting comes three days before the two-year anniversary of the shooting at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in downtown Charleston.
Editor's Picks Nats sweep up son of manager Baker in draft Darren Baker, the son of manager Dusty Baker who was plucked out of harm's way during Game 5 of the 2002 World Series, has been drafted by the Nationals.
Singleton's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was at the Bible study when Dylann Roof opened fire and killed nine people, including Coleman-Singleton. They were a track and field coach at Goose Creek High School, which Chris had attended.
One day after the shooting, Chris Singleton was praised after making a "love is stronger than hate" speech while on the Charleston Southern baseball diamond.
"If we just love the way my mom would, the hate won't be anywhere close to what love is," Singleton said then.
The WTTS Blog
“I think a lot of my favorite artists have always done stuff like that,” Deer Tick frontman John McCauley says from their home in Nashville, reflecting on their band's love of unexpected mashups: tender lyrics layered over pi**ed off guitars; classical music flourishes delivered nearly naked and high. Deer Tick's perfected it all, mostly as an outlier, revered by a legion of fans, respected by peers, but not part of any one scene. With their highly anticipated new project(s), two new albums released simultaneously titled Deer Tick Vol. 1 and Deer Tick Vol. 2, the crew from Rhode Island prove that their punk-roots rock has only gotten better with age. Download “Jumpstarting” off Deer Tick vol. 2 any time between August 14th, and August 20th and learn more about Deer Tick at their Official Website, “Like” them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter.
Download
Watch
The WTTS Free Download Of The Week is Delivered by
IndyGo: Indy's mass transit provider.
ORAL health is fast emerging as a serious challenge for the dental healthcare providers facing steady surge in the incidence of pyorrhea and series of other gum diseases coupled with early tooth decay due to poor hygienic practices among many of the people. Experts addressing a seminar organized by Students' Council, Sindh Institute of Oral Health Sciences, Jinnah Sindh Medical University (JSMU) here Monday to commemorate World Oral Health Day also registered their serious concern about growing indifference of the people with regard to dental conditions ultimately exposing them to irreversible situations.
JSMU Vice Chancellor and senior ENT surgeon, Prof. Tariq Rafi on the occasion drew attention of the healthcare providers as well as students of dental medicine about steady increase in the incidence of oral cancers in the country, particularly in its urban centres.
“Oral cancers constitute 40% of all cancers registered in the country,” they said mentioning that affectees of this particular category mainly comprise youngsters.
Attributing the scenario to easy availability and steady surge in the consumption of tobacco made products, betel nuts and its hazardous concoctions, they said oral cancers have emerged to be a serious health issue in the country.
Prof. Tariq Rafi regretted that there existed neither any policy nor any efficient strategy to protect the people against the menace.
They urged the media to continue playing its role in raising public awareness about the scourge and also exercise its influence upon the concerned authorities for strict implementation of the legislation initiated years ago.
Pro Vice Chancellor, Dr. Lubna Beyg on the occasion felicitated the faculty members as well students for celebrating first anniversary of dental OPD at JSMU's Institute of Oral Health Sciences recommended incorporation of “community service” into the dental medicine curriculum of local institutions. “This is crucially needed to help people provided with timely assessment and intervention either free of charge or at affordable rates,” they said.
Mentioning that dental care services are expensive, the seasoned professional said prevention should be the cornerstone of any dental health policy.
“People while being sensitized about proper dental care must be provided easy and affordable accessibility for regular dental checkups in an enabling environment,” said the JSMU pro vice chancellor.
Related
Commentary: WASHINGTON, D.C. (Oct. 6, 2017) - U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), a member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, cosponsored legislation led by U.S. Senator Michael Bennet (D-Colo.) to standardize the metric used by federal agencies to measure the cost of climate pollution. The Pollution Transparency Act counters a directive from the Trump administration to federal agencies to ignore existing metrics—uprooting years of progress and economic certainty—and an attempt made this week by the Department of Interior in the revised BLM methane rule to change the department's metric without any prior consultation or transparency.
“More than ever before, we've seen the economic toll that climate change takes on communities through larger and more frequent storms, fires, and floods. We have a moral obligation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and mitigate our contributions to climate change,” said Senator Heinrich. “The impact of greenhouse gas emissions on public health and our economy needs to be standardized in a process rooted in science so we can best quantify and reduce those emissions.”
Since the George W. Bush administration, the federal government has been required to consider the economic damages that result from climate pollution in the rulemaking process. The Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases metric was developed through a rigorous process, using the best available economics and science and revised when necessary. In March, the Trump administration directed federal agencies to ignore the existing metric and instead select their own metrics—uprooting years of progress and economic certainty.
The Pollution Transparency Act would codify a scientifically-developed value for the cost of climate pollution across all federal agencies. The requirement to consider this cost already exists; this legislation would simply streamline the regulatory process by standardizing the metric and re-establishing a process to revise it through a public process. Ultimately, it would create greater market and regulatory certainty by ensuring federal decisions are transparent, standardized, and grounded in facts.
Companion legislation was introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Congressman Donald McEachin (D-VA-4).
In particular, the legislation would:
Codify the most recent version of the federally determined climate pollution damage metric for carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide so all federal agencies are utilizing the same Cost of Greenhouse Gases in economically significant rule making;
Re-establish a federal interagency working group led by the Office of Management and Budget, Office of Science and Technology Policy, and Council of Economic Advisors to revise the Cost of Greenhouse Gases every five years if necessary;
Establish a scientific review committee, comprised of 10 members selected by the presidents of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, to provide input to the federal government on whether and how the Cost of Greenhouse Gases should be revised;
Require the administration to provide a 90-day public comment period on any revision of the Cost of Greenhouse Gases;
Require federal agencies to consider the Cost of Greenhouse Gases in substantial procurement decisions.
A copy of the bill is available here.
