: To deter the practice of triple talaq, the India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) is all set to introduce a new provision in its model nikahnama in which the man has to commit that they will not give triple talaq (instant dovorce), a spokesperson of the Board said here.The development comes at a time when the government is making a strong pitch for the passage of bill that criminalises triple talaq, a Muslim way of divorce which is still in practice despite the Supreme Court striking it down in August last year, in the ongoing Budget Session of Parliament.The AIMPLB has maintained that it against the practice of triple talaq, but it has opposed the proposed legislation saying it is an interference in Muslim personal law. The Board has, however, faced criticism for failing to bring reforms in personal laws."Yes... we are making a provision in the model nikahnama (Islamic marriage contract) in which there will be column - 'I will not give triple talaq'. Once during nikah (marriage) this column is ticked, one will not be able to give triple talaq," AIMPLB spokesperson Maulana Khalil-ur-Rehman Sajjad Nomani toldPTI here.He said that a detailed discussion on the matter will be held at AIMPLB meeting in Hyderabad from February 9. Besides other social issues, the two-day annual general meeting of the Board is likely to deliberate on developments in the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid case.The Board is also likely to finalise its roadmap for the coming year.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
This column is authored by Aluru Chandra, Consultant, Wipro
Today's CEOs have to constantly deal with the challenge of generating new business while protecting their turf in existing business. They have to not only do a good job of what they are delivering to existing customers, they have to also bring out new solutions, products and services and sell them to current and new customers. This brings up an interesting two-by-two matrix as shown in the picture:
There are four combinations between products and customers and they need four unique strategies for sales. Keep in mind that the model works equally well for services. So you can replace products in the picture with services.
Let us look at each of them and discuss the corresponding strategy.
1. Old product – Old customer
This quadrant is about extending the existing business i.e. selling legacy products, solutions and services to legacy customers. Strategy for business growth in this quadrant is centered on leveraging customer loyalty, deep relationships and offering price advantage. The CEO has to keep a constant watch on the needs of the customer and check whether there is a dip in demand. It is only a matter of time.
This quadrant is not for long term plans. Its other names are ‘exploit' and ‘exhaust' because that is what this quadrant is about. The company cannot peg its future on the revenues from old products being sold to legacy customers. The percentage of revenues from this quadrant typically tapers over a period of time.
Examples include consumables, utilities, commoditized services such as IT infrastructure services etc…
2. New product – Old customer
This quadrant is about expanding existing business by sales of new products, solutions and services to legacy customers. In sales parlance, this is called mining; you mine an existing account by cross-selling new products and services.
Strategy for this quadrant is dependent on value-proposition. How well you create a compelling value to the customer by stitching a new solution for their emerging needs – determines your success in selling new products to old customer. Credibility is already established owing to good delivery of services and performance.
The cost of developing a new vendor can be high for some customers and that can work to your advantage if you have a good track record with the customer. Your strategy therefore has to be designed around the point that you understand their business well and why it is beneficial to go with your proposition.
Examples include adding software application services on top of infrastructure services to an IT customer.
3. Old product – new customer
This quadrant is about exploring new clients for legacy products, services and solutions. In sales parlance, it is called hunting or farming. Typically, companies find themselves in price wars while selling legacy products to new customers with whom they have no relationship. In the absence of an established credibility, factors like competitiveness, flexibility, customer references and price play a major role in influencing customer decision.
Strategy for business growth in this quadrant needs to be built on creating and leveraging customer references. Customers generally want to know whether you worked with anyone else in the same industry and how is your performance with them. References can be a good differentiator to sell legacy products and services to new customers.
Examples include software applications sold to a group of Cooperative Banks by taking reference of one of them.
4. New product – new customer
This quadrant is about experimenting with two unknowns i.e. new product and new customer. While this quadrant is filled with uncertainty and unpredictability, it is important to understand that this IS future. Company's survival is significantly dependent on how well it understands newer markets and builds newer products and solutions that meet the needs of those markets. In order to succeed in this quadrant, the company's strategy has to be centered on a) long term investments, allowing the products to mature and penetrate into newer markets and b) flexibility in terms of costs and operating margins.
Knut Haanaes, a professor at IMD in their TED talk on ‘why companies fail' argues that many good companies fail because of 2 reasons i.e. over-exploitation and over-exploration. These two points refer to the quadrants described as old-old and new-new respectively. They point out that companies have to develop strategies that guard against over-exploiting success of legacy products and at the same time avoid falling into the trap of perpetually experimenting new products without going to market.
Each industry has a unique gestation period for a new product to mature and become main stream. Companies willing to patiently wait until that happens, reap the benefits of creating new lines of business that become feeders for future revenues.
Make no mistake, all the 4 quadrants are essential for a company to succeed and thrive in the marketplace. However it is the responsibility of the CEO to balance the company's resources appropriately among the 4 strategies. History is full of examples of companies that missed the point about balance and lost out in spite of being successful initially.
This article captures the author's views on the topic and does not represent their Organization.
May 3 Gardner Denver Inc:
* Gardner Denver Inc sees IPO of 41.3 million shares of common stock priced to be between $23.00 and $26.00 per share - SEC filing
* Says intends to use IPO net proceeds to redeem all $575.0 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes Source text - (bit.ly/2p51s4S) Further company coverage:
By Johnny Edward:
Nigerian Professional Football League 2016/2017 top scorer Stephen Odey and their teammate Sikiru Olatunbosun are set to dump MFM FC in May for trials with an unnamed club in Belgium, Completesportsnigeria.com has gathered.
Both players, according to a player agent with access to them, have applied for Belgian visas and are expected to know their fate this week if they will be granted the travel document.
"Odey and Sikiru are going for trials next month and that may halt MFM's chemistry in attack," the source told Completesportsnigeria.com.
"The coach is already scouting for replacements for them if they get to move next month."
Odey has scored 14 NPFL goals this season and reportedly turned down a lucrative offer from Rivers United recently.
Olatunbosun has also been in fine form this season for the league leaders, scoring one of the best goals of the campaign which also won the CNN Goal of the Week honour.
Attachments area
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
Police are investigating after a 50-year-old B.C. man was allegedly found to have nearly 90 illegally caught crabs in their coolers.
The man's truck and boat were searched after members of the Shiprider Program noticed what Mounties described as a "suspicious vessel" being removed from the water at a Surrey, B.C. marina.
Shiprider is a joint Canadian-U.S. law enforcement initiative made up of armed officers allowed to pass over the border as they watch for smuggling, trafficking and threats to national security.
The RCMP has not said what was suspicious about the incident, but a search allegedly uncovered three coolers full of crab. A compartment in the vessel's bow contained more of the crustaceans.
The suspect was taken into custody for illegal possession, and the Department of Fisheries and Oceans will investigate whether they violated the Fisheries Act.
Mounties also believed the man was intoxicated at the time. They conducted an impaired driving investigation and they were given a three-day immediate roadside prohibition. Their truck, 21-foot Bayliner and boat trailer were seized and multiple charges are pending, the RCMP said in a statement.
Eighty-nine crabs were seized and put back in the ocean.
Contact
Chris LoPresti
***@bonnie.ai Chris LoPresti
End
-- Bonnie, the product recall monitoring service, today announced the release of a new book, The Ultimate Guide to Home Safety for Kids, written by company founders Chris LoPresti and Matt LoPresti. It is available for purchase in paperback and ebook formats on Amazon.com.According to research compiled by the Centers for Disease Control, and the National Security Council, unintentional injuries are the leading cause of death in children ages 19 and younger. In fact, more than 3.4 million children experience a household injury each year, and 2,300 children under the age 15 will die from these unintentional injuries. The most common causes of in-home injury to children include:• Falls• Poisoning• Choking• Suffocation• Drowning• Fire and Burns• Improperly Stored Firearms"Sadly, many of these tragic and life-altering accidents could have easily been prevented by implementing a few simple, proactive safety precautions,"said author Chris LoPresti. "Keeping families safe is the Bonnie team's highest priority."The guide serves as a comprehensive yet practical resource for parents, grandparents, and anyone charged with caring for children. The book includes room-by-room safety instructions with easy-to-use checklists to help make creating a safer home environment as simple and straightforward as possible. It is organized into easy-to-follow sections, such as general home safety, safety tips by age, and home safety by risk category.Bonnie is a product recall monitoring system that automatically alerts you if an item you have purchased has been recalled or has other known safety issues.In 2016 alone, over 100 million products - toys, furniture, appliances, cars, food, medicines - were recalled by their manufacturers due to safety issues. Unfortunately, only a very tiny fraction of these recalled items were returned/replaced/disposed of, and many of them continue to reside in the homes of unsuspecting families. Checking every microwave, stroller, tub of ice cream, bottle, etc, one by one, on an ongoing basis, would be a full-time job at best, and at worst is actually impossible for a single human to do.Visit us at https://bonnie.ai
Colegio de San Juan de Letran tries to keep its possession of the third spot as it collides with a resurgent San Sebastian College-Recoletos in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Season 93 basketball tournament today at the FilOil Flying V Center in San Juan City.
Both riding on a winning streak, the Knights and the Golden Stags battle in the main game at 4 p.m.
Letran cruised to its third straight victory as it escaped University of Perpetual Help System DALTA, 63-61, last Friday solidifying its hold of No. 3 with a 4-3 win-loss record.
Bong Quinto showed the way for the Knights in their previous win as the fourth year forward notched 14 points, including the game-winning layup, while star guard Rey Nambatac and Jeric Balanza provided ample support with 12 markers apiece.
Letran head coach Jeff Napa sees a rough game ahead against the Stags.
“San Sebastian is a physical team and really likes to run so it's going to be tough,” said Napa.
San Sebastian, on the other hand, scored its first back-to-back wins of the season with a 101-71 rout of College of St. Benilde also on Friday to join Emilio Aguinaldo College (EAC) at No. 4 with an even 3-3 slate.
Michael Calisaan is expected to deliver huge numbers anew as the veteran big man pumped in 20 points on top of six rebounds for the Stags, who became the first team to break the century mark after posting a season-high tying 55 percent shooting clip.
Host school's coach Egay Macaraya brings extra motivation heading into their game against the Knights.
“We lost twice to them (Letran) last year. Hopefully, we can get even with them,” said Macaraya, who was a member of the San Sebastian squad that won the NCAA crown in 1985.
Meanwhile, Arellano University and Perpetual Help are set to break their deadlock on No. 7 as the two teams meet in their 12 noon tussle even as EAC and Jose Rizal University clash for a bounce-back win at 2 p.m.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
LONDON European Union foreign ministers meeting in Malta today will discuss Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's referendum victory and what they view as their latest steps to dismantle the country's democratic institutions.
The bottom line is that ministers must consider whether an increasingly autocratic Turkey remains eligible to be a candidate for EU membership - an albeit distant prospect which even many Turks are seeing as remote and increasingly irrelevant. Erdoğan themselves says dismissively that they are not holding their breath for EU membership.
All that said, any move that formally curtails Turkey's EU prospects would be hugely symbolic after decades of an often fraught courtship between the two sides. One option is for ministers to urge a review of Turkey's progress in meeting entry criteria and leave the final decision up to EU leaders at a summit due in June.
Aside from the subtlest of nods to the increasingly solid recovery in much of the euro zone, the ECB's Mario Draghi was careful to keep the accent on the need for more stimulus at their news conference yesterday. Not, perhaps, that surprising given the lingering uncertainty about the French presidential election and their continued assertion that inflation has yet to pick up sustainable.
ECB-watchers will get more insight on the latter this morning as Eurostat releases its latest flash CPI numbers for the zone, combined with the ECB's own quarterly inflation survey. Lending data and M3 money supply figures are also due.
Finally, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will be meeting British PM Theresa May at their Chequers country residence today. One subject that might come up is cars: Japan's automakers are a key part of the British sector and May has promised to seek a Brexit deal that will allow Nissan and others to flourish in Britain.
MARKETS AT 0655 GMT
On the last trading day of April, the dollar is up a shade, European shares are about flat and benchmark German Bund yields are ever so slightly higher. In other words, it would appear it's the prospect of a long weekend for most European markets rather than the possibility of what U.S. President Donald Trump called a "major conflict" with North Korea that is dominating thinking.
That said, there should be plenty for markets to get their teeth into. A first look at Q1 GDP data from the United States, much of the euro zone and Britain is due. Euro bulls, sitting on 2 percent gains for the month, will be mindful of ECB chief Mario Draghi's somewhat upbeat words on the euro zone economy on Thursday, even though they said risks remained tilted to the downside and that the central bank's policy setters had not discussed removing its easing bias.
The euro was marginally higher at $1.0876 on Friday while the dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies was up 0.1 percent. The yen was also slightly stronger versus the dollar.
German 10-year Bund yields, which fell sharply on Thursday after the ECB policy meeting, were 1 basis point higher at 0.31 percent.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index has gained 2.7 percent so far this week, set for its best week since December. Earnings should again dominate trade on Friday.
In another heavy day for company updates, especially banks, shares in UBS are up 2.8 percent in pre-market trade after Switzerland's biggest bank kicked off 2017 with its second-best start to a year since the financial crisis as a brighter outlook and a spike in trading levels boosted its investment bank and core wealth management business.
Barclays said first-quarter profit more than doubled, driven by lower losses in its non-core unit, even as it booked a one-off charge on its Africa business. Royal Bank of Scotland swung to a better than expected first quarter profit of 259 million pounds, its first quarterly profit since Q3 2015.
Other stock movers: Electrolux Q1 profit tops forecast; Genzyme, CHC lift Sanofi's first-quarter figures; Europe, Asia, engineering lift Linde's quarterly profit; O2 Czech Republic net profit rises in first quarter, beating estimates; Norsk Hydro units missed forecast in Q1; Spain's Caixabank posts 48 percent rise in Q1 profit; Continental Q1 operating profit rises more than expected; Danske Bank Q1 profit beats expectations on improved lending, strong Nordic performance; Atlantia presses ahead with Abertis tie-up plans after motorway stake sale; Zodiac aims to complete Safran deal, CEO offers resignation.
Asia-Pacific shares exJapan fell 0.1 percent while Tokyo shares gained 0.3 percent as investors sat on their second largest weekly gains since December.
Oil prices edged up after OPEC said it was keen to reach a deal on extending its output cuts. Brent was last up 0.9 percent at $51.91. Gold edged higher but was set for its worst week in seven.
Emerging stocks extended their falls for a third day, but stellar gains at the start of the week ensured the benchmark was on track for a 1.6 percent weekly rise and the index looked poised for a fourth straight month of gains. On the day, the index was weighed down by losses in heavyweight South Korea's Kospi index which snapped a six-day losing street and falls elsewhere in Asia, after U.S. President Donald Trump announced in an interview with Reuters that they planned to renegotiated or scrap Washington's “horrible” trade deal with Seoul.
The dollar nudging higher for a third straight session ups the pressure on emerging currencies on the day, but many are on track for monthly gains. Turkey's lira weakens 0.3 percent but looks to strengthen nearly two percent in a third straight month of rises. Comments from an aide to President Tayyip Erdoğan saying the president wanted to see a more "relaxed and generous central bank" and Wednesday's move to raise the late liquidity window once again fuelled concerns after investors had lauded policymakers' move as a cautious affirmation of policymakers' independence.
South Africa's rand looks to add nearly 1 percent since the start of April, though latest data shows slowing credit growth while the government announced petrol and diesel prices would rise from May.
Russia's rouble is trading flat ahead of a central bank decision which is expected to lower interest rates by 25 basis points, or even 50 bps, in what could be the first of further cuts amid easing inflation. On the month, the rouble looks to snap a four month winning streak and ease 1.3 percent.
Europe corp events: UBS, Danske, Electrolux, Sanofi, Barclays interim, RBS interims, Mail.ru, Caixabank, Amundi, Linde
German March retail sales
US/Canada/UK/France/Spain Q1 GDP
France March consumer spending
EZ, Italy flash April inflation
UK BBA March mortgage approvals
EZ March credit, M3
SNB chief Studer speaks in Bern
Turkey March trade/tourism
Russian central bank policy decision
US Q1 earnings: GM, Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Colgate Palmolive, Goodyear,
US April Chicago PMI, UMich sentiment
Philadelphia Fed chief Harker speaks in DC
S&P to review sovereign credit ratings of UK, Germany, Botswana; Fitch to review Ukraine, Netherlands, Latvia, Mozambique
(Editing by Richard Lough)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
TOKYO Japan's jobless rate fell to 2.8 percent in February and the availability of jobs was unchanged from the previous month, data from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications showed on Friday.
The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate compared with economists' median forecast of 3.0 percent.
The jobs-to-applicants ratio was 1.43, unchanged from the prior month.
For background, please see this PREVIEW
A full table can be seen on the website of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications at:
here
(Note: The jobs-to-applicants ratio and new job offers can be seen in Japanese on the labour ministry's website.)
(Reporting by Sumio Ito; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that Germany will increase defense spending as they prepare to attend an upcoming NATO summit next week in Brussels. They added, however, "Compared to what others are doing in relation to GDP this is not nearly enough."
Though the new budget will represent a €4-billion ($4.65 billion) increase in funding for the military, it is unlikely to satisfy critics from other NATO allies, first among them US President Donald Trump, who have regularly complained that Germany is not spending enough on defense.
This week, Finance Minister Olaf Scholz will officially present their revised draft budget for 2019 which includes significant spending increases for the armed forces, according to newspaper Handelsblatt. The armed forces' budget is set to rise to €42.9 billion, government sources told DPA press agency on Monday. The revised budget would be around €675 million more than previously planned for 2019. The budget is set to go to the Cabinet for approval on Friday.
Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen, who has pledged to end spending cuts for the armed forces, had criticized the initial budget proposal as insufficient. Speaking with foreign journalists about the updated budget proposal on Tuesday evening, von der Leyen said: "I can tell you that I am very satisfied with the 2019 budget." They emphasized that decades of neglect had made the issue of increased military spending absolutely imperative.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and Finance Minister Olaf Scholz (l to r) during a cabinet meeting at Scloss Meseberg in April (Imago/Sven Simon)
In a story in the New York Times on Tuesday it was revealed that in June, US President Donald Trump had sent strongly worded letters to several allies, among them Germany, criticizing them for not spending enough on defense.
Berlin claims it is committed to bringing its spending on defense closer to the target of 2 percent of gross domestic product by 2024, still, no budget projections between 2018 and 2022 actually meet that target. Germany is scheduled to spend 1.31 percent of GDP on its military in 2019; 1.28 percent in 2020; 1,27 percent in 2021 and 1.23 percent in 2022.
Aging tanks, faulty equipment
The German army, or Bundeswehr, has come under criticism in recent years over inadequate and insufficient materials, including aging tanks and faulty equipment. According to media reports, the unit assigned to NATO duties for 2019 lacks not only armor, but also bulletproof vests, winter clothing and tents. Cuts in military expenditures have determined German defense policy for more than a quarter-century.
The increase in military spending will come at the expense of other ministries, however. Development Minister Gerd Müller, for instance, complained of skewed priorities regarding spending cuts to foreign aid: "My budget is missing €500 million."
"I fail to understand how we can wrestle with specific aspects of immigration policy for months on end, only to make cuts where migration and exodus have their root: in the countries of origin," Müller said.
Such cuts are part of Finance Minister Scholz's commitment to Germany's long-standing balanced budget policy, known as the "black zero." The oft-criticized policy, which began under Scholz's predecessor, Wolfgang Schäuble, has been billed as an obligation to ensure that younger generations of Germans are not saddled with debt at a later date.
The budget is scheduled for debate and a vote in Germany's parliament, the Bundestag, this fall.
Germany's NATO missions Germany's role in NATO West Germany officially joined the trans-Atlantic alliance in 1955. However, it wasn't until after reunification in 1990 that the German government considered "out of area" missions led by NATO. From peacekeeping to deterrence, Germany's Bundeswehr has since been deployed in several countries across the globe in defense of its allies.
Germany's NATO missions Bosnia: Germany's first NATO mission In 1995, Germany participated in its first "out of area" NATO mission as part of a UN-mandated peacekeeping mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina. During the deployment, German soldiers joined other NATO member forces to provide security in the wake of the Bosnian War. The peacekeeping mission included more than 60,000 troops from NATO's member states and partners.
Germany's NATO missions Keeping the peace in Kosovo Since the beginning of the NATO-led peacekeeping mission in Kosovo, some 8,500 German soldiers have been deployed in the young country. In 1999, NATO launched an air assault against Serbian forces accused of carrying out a brutal crackdown against ethnic Albanian separatists and their civilian supporters. Approximately 550 Bundeswehr troops are still stationed in Kosovo.
Germany's NATO missions Patrolling the Aegean Sea In 2016, Germany deployed its combat support ship "Bonn" to lead a NATO mission backed by the EU in the Aegean Sea. The mission included conducting "reconnaissance, monitoring and surveillance of illegal crossings" in Greek and Turkish territorial waters at the height of the migration crisis. Germany, Greece and Turkey had requested assistance from the trans-Atlantic alliance.
Germany's NATO missions More than a decade in Afghanistan In 2003, Germany's parliament voted to send Bundeswehr troops to Afghanistan in support of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF). Germany became the third-largest contributor of troops and led the Regional Command North. More than 50 German troops were killed during the mission. Nearly a thousand soldiers are still deployed in Afghanistan as part of Resolute Support.
Germany's NATO missions German tanks in Lithuania Forming part of NATO's "enhanced forward presence" in the Baltic states, 450 Bundeswehr soldiers have been deployed to Lithuania so far in 2017. The battalion-size battlegroups there are led by Germany, Canada, the UK and US to reinforce collective defense on the alliance's eastern flank. It forms the "biggest reinforcement of Alliance collective defence in a generation," according to NATO.
Germany's NATO missions Taking over the leadership The Bundeswehr is due to take over leadership of NATO's multinational Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF) at the start of 2019. The rapid reaction force has been set up to counter potential Russian aggression on the alliance's eastern flank. Author: Lewis Sanders IV
js/kms (dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa fans have today been left gutted with the news that John Terry will not be extending their contract at the club.
As reported earlier this week, Terry said goodbye to some of their claret and blue team-mates after the play-off final defeat to Fulham at Wembley.
The 37-year-old jetted off on their holidays knowing that they would not be staying at the club and will now seek a new challenge next year.
Villa confirmed the news today in a statement and fans were quick to react.
Many praised Terry for their performances in their one-year spell at the club, while others reflected on the depressing news in a different way.
@stureed1982
“John Terry leaving so close after Saturday is like your missus telling you, you're finished....then finding out a few days later she's seeing your best pal. Another kick in the balls #avfc #utv #JT
@AstonVilla_info
“Gutted! What a man what a player! Villa fans will be grateful with what he's done with our team! The togetherness and the winning mentality they brought. All the best JT!! We'll never forget what you're done ❤️ #avfc”
@Jfelipe1
“Heartbroken . Right decision but what a guy he's been for us. #AVFC”
@Nuttyrulz01
“JT you villa legend #Avfc”
@NoZuluZone
“After today's announcements and statements I actually feel worse. I didn't think that would even be possible.”
@kurthowes
“THANK YOU JOHN TERRY PART OF THE PRIDE ”
@WanDilliams
“Never thought I'd see this guy play in our colours. They came here genuinely wanting to win something, and they failed at that.
The club's never seen professionalism or commitment like it, though - I just hope it leaves a lasting impression on our younger players.”
@teldoddy
“A big thanks to John Terry for all you did for VILLA this season. Good luck in what ever you next. #avfc”
@ThePartridge1
“It was a pleasure to see you play in a villa shirt. The professionalism and dedication you showed all seasons should be held up as an example to all present and future players! Good luck JT! #avfc”
@turneravfcuk
“Always been a big fan of Terry, what a player. Gutted to see them go but proud to have had the 2 best PL centre backs ever at our club. Tough times could be ahead but vtid. #utv #avfc”
What JT said:
“Today I part ways with Aston Villa Football Club.
“I'm very proud to have had the opportunity to play and captain this great and huge club.
“I have given my everything this year both on and off the pitch and I'm still hurting today that we never managed to get back to the Premier League, where this club 100% belongs.
“I would like to thank Steve Bruce who was instrumental in me joining Villa.
“I have learnt so much from them as a manger this season that will stay with me forever.
“Also, I'd like to thank all the staff and players and our owner Dr Tony, who it was a real pleasure and honour to work with everyday.
“Finally, a special thank you to the Villa supporters who have supported us both home and away in their thousands, up and down the country and have been amazing to me on a personal level.
“Villa will always have a place in my heart and I will look back on my time here and think about how close we were to reaching our goal.
“But now going forward, I would like to wish the management, staff, players and supporters good luck for the future.@avfcofficial.”
What the club said
In a statement this evening, the club thanked last season's skipper for their efforts after their one-year deal expired:
"We would like to place on record our most sincere thanks for the effort and professionalism they showed with us last season.
"John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped. Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, they played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa.
"We hope they look back on their time with Villa fondly and we wish them the very best as their career moves forward."
Xia statement
Aston Viilla chairperson Tony Xia has admitted that Aston Villa need to make widespread changes after failing to win promotion back to the Premier League.
The owner issued a statement this evening to explain that there will be a different approach next season as Villa embark on a third season in the Championship.
This is what they said in full:
"I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday.
"After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible, I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm.
"I care as much about this club as anyone.
"Even though I am back in Beijing, I still can't recover from our game at Wembley.
"The emotion needs time to heal.
"However, I know that all our management staff, coaches, players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again.
"Like everyone else, I'm delighted to see that under Steve's management this season, we demonstrated character and unity.
"We fought like a team.
"Indeed, the loss is a pity, but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season.
"I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart, particularly for their remarkable level of professional focus despite losing their parents this year.
"With that, I would like to say thank you to Steve and their coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season.
"We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season.
"I am an Aston Villa fan. But I am also a business person. Under the current circumstances, I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years.
"Villa needs to be a sustainable football club. People join. People leave.
"That is the cycle of football.
"But the football club always remains through it all.
"This is the ultimate reality that cannot be changed, but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal.
"We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
"However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things.
"No one wanted to see the club have to go through this, but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club.
"No matter what the changes will be, I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together.
"Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe, regardless of how tough the process will be, I am sure we will succeed in the end.
"Thank you very much once again for all your support.
Chairman Dr Tony Xia "
Black hole
Aston Villa will need to find around £40m-£45m from player sales and wage cuts to fall in line with Financial Fair Play, Birmingham Live understands.
A football finance expert has explained how Villa's failure to win promotion back to the Premier League this term has left them seriously counting the cost this summer.
The claret and blues may have to sell prized asset Jack Grealish to cover costs and there's no chance of turning any of the loan signings into permanent deals.
"The FFP black hole is between £40m and £45m," a source told us.
Aston Villa player suspended for making 'obscene gestures' on the pitch
"Villa have gambled with expensive players on big wages but there will need to be a reality check this summer."
Boss Steve Bruce admitted that cuts will need to be made.
When asked if players would be sold, Bruce replied:
"Yes.
"This season has been difficult, financially.
“We understand, or I have understood, about Financial Fair Play.
"But the discussions will need to be held above me to say what we have or haven't got."
The powers-that-be are in the process of holding those talks.
Saturday's defeat against Fulham in the play-off final is still very raw but the club are starting to moving forward.
These things take time, of course, and more will be revealed in the times ahead as Villa come to terms with another season in the Championship.
Elsewhere, a report was also published today by Swiss Ramble - a business & football blog- which highlighted some of the problems Villa are facing up to.
Meanwhile another expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
Villa were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat at Wembley.
Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Aston Villa shunned by midfielder as promotion failure sees club 'lose some appeal' - reports
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because they would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen their contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether they continue to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Assessing the summer
Aston Villa's worst nightmare has become a reality and testing times lie ahead.
The books were balanced, to an extent, last summer by manager Steve Bruce as several players departed to boost the coffers.
Ex-England and Chelsea captain John Terry, Glenn Whelan, Ahmed Elmohamady and Chris Samba were all handed lucrative contracts with the funds raised and Bruce utilised their contacts book to snap up three players on loan.
With five players out of contract, five loanees to return to their parent clubs, six players set to return from loan spells away and lots more to be decided, this is the most important summer transfer window in Aston Villa's 144-year history.
Dr Tony Xia cut a glum figure as Sky Sports' cameras zoned in on them during the latter stages of Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
It hasn't panned out the way the Chinese business person planned after buying out Randy Lerner two years ago.
Xia and their trusted Villa Park colleagues face some big decisions this summer.
Who leads Villa?
The first big decision Xia, chief executive Keith Wyness and director of football Steve Round have to make centres around manager Steve Bruce.
By their own admission Bruce has failed to achieve what was asked of them this term.
The manager has previously hinted that they ‘won't be here next year' if promotion wasn't achieved.
Meanwhile, during a meeting with Villa supporters' groups, neither Wyness nor Round committed to keeping Bruce on as manager in the event of Wembley failure.
With four Championship promotions on their CV and an enviable queue of Premier League managers willing to do them favours, Bruce has all the skills Villa require.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce said of their future in the immediate aftermath of Villa's Wembley woe. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
With Bruce apparently intent on giving promotion another crack, the ball is firmly in the Villa hierarchy's court.
A little more than a month ago, LeToya Luckett wrote a very personal post about their fears as a new wife and step-mother after walking down the aisle in December. But when we caught up with the singer at the NAACP Image Awards they were all smiles and worry free. In fact, they were gushing with joy as they explained the day they wrote about those newlywed worries was the day Letoya Luckett died and LeToya Luckett-Walker was born. And their husband Tommicus appears to feel the same.
Check out our interview with the husband and wife as they made their debut red carpet appearance together and see what they had to say about their God-ordained union.
Check out more from our sister site MadameNoire!
DON'T MISS:
NAACP Image Awards Red Carpet: Black Hollywood Reveals Why It's Important To Support Black Media
LeToya Luckett Eases Into Them Role As Stepmother With This Beautiful Instagram Post
UPDATE 1-China-led AIIB approves $324 mln in infrastructure investment
BEIJING, June 15 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $324 million across Georgia, Tajikistan and India.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
KUALA LUMPUR/SEOUL — The U.S. government strongly believes that North Korean agents murdered the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Malaysia, U.S. government sources said on Tuesday.
American authorities have not yet determined exactly how Kim Jong Nam was killed, according to two sources, who did not provide specific evidence to support the U.S. government's view.
A South Korean government source also had said that Kim Jong Nam had been murdered in Malaysia. They did not…
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
TERROR leaders heading the Islamic State (IS)-linked Maute group are alive and still inside Marawi City, a military official said on Monday.
Col. Edgard Arevalo, public affairs chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP), however, is unfazed as they consider this piece of information “good news”.
“At least, we know that our targets are still within the area and we hope that we will be able to neutralize them then and there will be no next chapters or continuation of their atrocities and terrorist activities that might spread out the country,” Arevalo told reporters in a news briefing.
“We have been receiving similar reports [that the terror leaders are still inside Marawi]and we are also validating these but we cannot just tell the specifics in regards to our actions,” they added.
Based on reports, Isnilon Hapilon of the Abu Sayyaf, as well as the Maute brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, have fled Marawi City while others mentioned that one of the brothers were among the fatalities during the ongoing operations of the government.
The Maute group staged a series of attacks in Marawi City that began on May 23 in a bid to establish an independent state in the southern Philippines, with Hapilon as “emir”.
This act of “rebellion” forced Duterte to declare martial law for 60 days, which Congress voted to extend until Dec. 31, 2017 to allow the military and police to flush out the Islamist terrorists.
In the meantime, the ongoing fight between government soldiers and the Maute rebels have displaced thousands, killed close to a thousand more from the government, the enemy and civilians; and destroyed infrastructure.
The government has allotted funds for Marawi's rehabilitation and created a task force to oversee its implementation. DEMPSEY REYES
LONDON (Reuters) - Nestle will respond in the coming days to a research report into its baby formula that accused the world's largest packaged food company of putting profit before science.
The report by the Changing Markets Foundation said Nestle has many inconsistencies across its world-leading range of formula products and casts doubt on the credibility of some of its health claims.
“The report raises important points, which we want to assess in detail,” a Nestle spokesperson said. “We will respond to the concerns and recommendations of the report in the coming days.”
Nestle's baby formula marketing practices first came under fire in the 1970s over accusations it was discouraging mothers, especially in developing countries, from breast-feeding, which is cheaper and healthier than using formula.
One group launched a Nestle boycott that lasted seven years until 1984.
The report, released on Thursday, said it looked at the infant milk products Nestle sells for babies under 12 months old in 40 different countries, comparing the marketing claims and ingredients in more than 70 products.
It comes against the backdrop of an unrelated baby milk health scare involving France's Lactalis.
The report said that sometimes Nestle's products contradict its own health advice. For example, it said some Nestle formulas sold in Hong Kong are marketed as healthier for not having any added vanilla flavouring, while vanillin compounds were found in several other products in Hong Kong, mainland China and South Africa.
It also calls out Nestle for using health claims, such as for probiotics and prebiotics, around the world that were prohibited by European health regulators for lacking sufficient scientific evidence. It said several products claim to be “the closest to breastmilk” yet each have different ingredients.
“The report concludes that Nestle is not driven by nutritional science but instead by a sharp and prioritised focus on profit and growth at the expense of infants and their parents,” the report said.
It called on Nestle to conduct an independent review of its global product range, which includes brands such as S-26 Gold, Nan, Illuma, Nido and Gerber.
Nestle said it provides “products that are safe and as nutritionally complete as possible, and ensure the composition is informed by the best available science”.
The company, which also makes KitKat bars and Nespresso coffee, is trying to remake itself as a “nutrition, health and wellness” company.
The Changing Markets Foundation is a Dutch group that says it promotes campaigns to address sustainability challenges by trying to shift business away from companies with unsustainable products.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HAMBURG Continental AG (CONG.DE) will announce in a few days plans to restructure its Powertrain division, ahead of the German automotive supplier's annual shareholders' meeting on April 28, a person familiar with the matter said.
"But there won't be a big bang," the person told Reuters on Thursday, without providing further details.
Continental had said in January it was reviewing its Powertrain division after earnings at the business, which makes electric and combustion engines mainly for passenger cars, failed to meet expectations.
Bloomberg had reported earlier that Continental Chief Executive Elmar Degenhart had said on the sidelines of the Shanghai auto show that the group was planning a programme to improve efficiency at the unit.
(Reporting by Jan Schwartz; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Kathrin Jones and Harro ten Wolde)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
TAIPEI, April 13 Uber Technologies Inc said it will resume its ride-hailing service in Taiwan on Thursday after "constructive talks" with island authorities.
"After constructive talks with transportation authorities, we are now partnering with licensed rental car companies to resume serving riders in Taipei," Uber said in a statement.
The resumption of service comes after the U.S.-based ride-hailing service suspended its operations on the island in February in its long-running dispute with island authorities over mounting fines. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
The logo of online accommodation booking website Booking.com is pictured at the International Tourism Trade Fair (ITB) in Berlin, Germany, March 9, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
ANKARA A Turkish court halted the activities of online travel agent Booking.com in a court case alleging the website had violated Turkish competition law, the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies (TURSAB) said on Wednesday.
The ruling by a court in Istanbul comes as a result of a 2015 case opened by TURSAB against Booking.com for allegedly carrying out "unjust competition against travel agencies". The association had previously made Booking.com pay Turkey's competition authority more than 2.5 million lira ($686,605) in fines.
The court ruled for the online travel agent's activities to be protectively halted for an undisclosed period of time.
($1 = 3.6411 liras)
(Reporting by Gulsen Solaker; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
NEW YORK, March 29 Kushner Companies, the real estate firm formerly headed by President Donald Trump's son-in-law, said it has dropped out of talks to redevelop its flagship New York office tower with China's Anbang Insurance Group.
The two companies, which had been in advanced talks according to media reports, both agreed to end the discussions about redeveloping a 60-year-old office tower that is steps away from St. Patrick's Cathedral and Rockefeller Center.
"Kushner Companies is no longer in discussions with Anbang about 666 Fifth Avenue's potential redevelopment, and our firms have mutually agreed to end talks regarding the property," a spokesperson for Kushner said.
Plans are still ongoing with other investors to redevelop the 39-story aluminum-clad building that fronts Fifth Avenue between 52nd and 53rd Streets in Midtown Manhattan, the spokesperson said.
"Kushner Companies remains in active, advanced negotiations around 666 Fifth Avenue with a number of potential investors," they said.
Kushner Cos was headed by Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, until earlier this year when their interest in the company was sold to a family trust.
Concerns had been raised about a conflict of interest given Kushner's role as an adviser to Trump.
Plans call for stripping the building down to its steel columns and adding about 40 floors in a project that was designed by Zaha Hadid, a Pritzker Prize award winner for architecture, before they died last year, the Wall Street Journal reported last week.
News of Kushner and Anbang ending talks was first reported by the New York Post. (Reporting by Herbert Lash, additional reporting by Joy Wiltermuth of IFR; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Pune, India, May, 2018 /MRFR Press Release/- Market research future published research report on Global Hydraulic Fracturing Market. The Hydraulic Fracturing Market is expected to grow over the CAGR of around 11% during the period 2018 to 2022.
Market Highlights
One of the key drivers for the growth of hydraulic fracturing market is the increased demand for extraction of oil and natural gas which requires hydraulic fracturing
The demand for hydraulic fracturing market is expected to be driven by the rapid increase in the rate of production and it provides access to strategy of shifting energy through natural gas and energy security by domestic supply. The increase in demand of energy and the increase in inclination towards production and exploration of non-conventional sources of energy such as shale gas and tight oil among others is expected to further drive the growth of the market. Favorable government rules and regulations and the increased government expenditure for promoting the extraction of natural resources is further expected to drive the growth of the market.
Download the sample report for more information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2532
Key Players
GE Renewable Energy (U.S.), Siemens AG (Germany), Goldwind Science & Technology Co. Ltd. (China), Leitwind AG (Italy), ENERCON GmbH (Germany), Xiangtan Electric Manufacturing Group (China), Emergya Wind Technologies B.V. (The Netherlands), VENSYS Energy AG (Germany), Windtronics LLC (U.S.) and American Superconductor Corporation (U.S.) are some of the leading players operating in this market.
Scope of the Report
This study provides an overview of the global hydraulic fracturing market, tracking three market segments across four geographic regions. The report studies key players, providing a five-year annual trend analysis that highlights market size, volume and share for North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Rest of the World (ROW). The report also provides a forecast, focusing on the market opportunities for the next five years for each region. The scope of the study segments the global Hydraulic Fracturing Market by its well type, technology, application and region.
By well Type
Horizontal
Vertical
By technology
Plug-And-Perforation
Sliding Sleeve
others
By Application
Crude oil
Shale gas
Tight oil
Others
By Region
North America
Asia Pacific
Europe
Rest of the World
Target Audience
Manufactures
Raw Materials Suppliers
Aftermarket suppliers
Research Institute / Education Institute
Potential Investors
Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Regional Analysis
Regional Analysis of Global Direct Drive Wind Turbine Market
North America region is expected to dominate the hydraulic fracturing market during the forecast period, owing to factors such as the increase in exploration of unconventional natural resources and the availability of resources such as skilled manpower. Asia-Pacific region is also expected to grow owing to the availability of natural resources in the region in abundance. The increased concept of digging wells in the rural areas of the region is also contributing to the growth of the market in the region.
Among all technologies, plug and perforation is the most commonly used for the extraction of crude oil and natural gas. It is used in cased hole wells and is flexible in nature. Plug and perforation technique majorly helps in achieving high production rate. It is mainly used for shale oil and shale gas completions. It has the ability to be reworked in case of any problem or when production process pauses. The ease of accessibility provided by such technology for fracking in horizontal wells, make it a favorable technology than alternatives such as sliding sleeve and others.
Enquiry for this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/2532
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Feb 2(Reuters) - Shanghai Kindly Enterprise Development Group Co Ltd
* Says co's shareholder, a limited partnership, plans to cut up to 6 percent stake (18.9 million shares) in the co within six months
* Says the shareholder is holding 7.4 percent stake (23.4 million shares) in the co
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mdguqU
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Reserve should continue to raise interest rates to prevent an overheating in an economy buoyed by strong financial conditions, global growth and the Trump administration's tax cuts, a top policymaker said Friday.
But San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams, in their first public comments since the Fed left rates unchanged after its policy-setting meeting this week, made it clear they are not advocating more than the three rate hikes the Fed has forecast for 2018.
“The expansion is proceeding at a good pace, unemployment is low, and inflation is finally headed in the right direction again,” said Williams, who votes this year on Fed policy and is said to be under consideration for the position of vice chair under incoming Fed Chair Jerome Powell. “But at the moment, while I'm buoyed by the optimism, I don't see an economy at risk of shifting into overdrive.”
Economic data has strengthened over the last month or two, with a report earlier Friday showing hourly wages rose in January at their fastest pace in more than eight years, and the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow model spitting out a searing estimate Thursday of 5.4 percent growth for the current quarter. Unemployment is at 4.1 percent, lower than most economists think is sustainable in the long run.
Many Fed officials, including Williams, see inflation picking up this year after several years when it lingered below the Fed's 2-percent target. On Friday Williams said wage growth has been “ratcheting up” and is likely to intensify, helping lift inflation along with it.
Still, Williams, in their prepared remarks to the Financial Women of San Francisco, said they were pleased by what they termed “healthy growth,” but is neither surprised nor concerned.
“I have boosted my growth forecasts for this year, but I don't see an economy that's fundamentally shifted gear,” they said. “Given that the economy's performing almost exactly as expected, you can expect policymakers to do the same.”
Markets are currently pricing in the same three rate hikes this year that the Fed has forecast. (Reporting by Ann Saphir Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
(Refiles to fix name of EFG in paragraph six)
* Italy seen missing privatisation target for second year
* Politicians reluctant to sell assets as election nears
* Lost revenue could see public debt hit new record high
* Analysts say Italy bond yields may surge without ECB support
By Gavin Jones
ROME, March 29 Italy's commitment to selling off public assets is petering out as politicians look ahead to elections early next year, making it harder to cut the country's huge public debt and leaving it vulnerable to any rise in interest rates.
In late 2015, then-Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said the debt would come down the following year for the first time in eight years, thanks partly to privatisations worth 0.5 percent of gross domestic product.
In the end, the state managed to sell less than a fifth of its targeted amount and the national debt rose to a new high of almost 133 percent of gross domestic product, the highest ratio in the euro zone after Greece.
Renzi confirmed the same privatisation target for this year before they resigned in December after Italians rejected their planned constitutional reform in a referendum, but the prospects for selling state assets have continued to dwindle.
With the ruling Democratic Party (PD) embroiled in a bruising leadership battle and elections slated for early 2018, senior PD members including Renzi themselves have recently voiced doubts about whether privatisations are a good idea after all.
"As elections come into sight, privatisations don't seem to be the government's focus," said Gianluigi Mandruzzato, head of economic analysis at BSI, part of EFG International .
The most appetizing items on the government's slate are the state railway company, which is wholly state owned, and the post office, of which 65 percent remains in public hands after a first tranche was sold in 2015. But it failed to follow up with the sale of a planned second tranche of the post office in 2016, citing unfavourable market conditions.
While the market picture has improved, with the Milan bourse up 5.5 percent this year after falling about 10 percent in 2016, the political will seems to have disappeared.
Infrastructure Minister Graziano Delrio recently admitted to "problems" in selling the railways and Antonello Giacomelli, a junior industry minister, warned of the "dangers" of letting the post office fall into the hands of "foreign investment banks" which could close branches and cut staff.
"Politics has taken precedence over economic concerns and there are no privatisations on the horizon now," said Stefano Micossi, an economics professor and director general of Assonime, the association of Italy's listed companies.
"They are unpopular with the unions and politicians who see state companies as a source of jobs and favours to hand out," they added. "There is enormous resistance from the PD and also inside the government."
The Post Office, whose top management was changed by the Treasury this month, declined to comment on whether privatisation would go ahead this year.
The state railways are supposed to spin off its high speed and long distance train businesses by July with a view to selling them by the end of the year, but has still not named the advisers for the spin-off.
The company said the privatisation required government legislation, which it was discussing with relevant ministers.
RISING BOND YIELDS
From a numerical point of view, the targeted privatisation revenues can only marginally chip away at the public debt, which the European Commission forecasts will reach a new record high this year.
Mandruzzato said the drift in the privatisation target was "not good news in terms of commitment and credibility."
Italy has the most sluggish growth in the 19-nation euro zone and an unstable political outlook, and it has repeatedly backslid on promised deficit cuts. The result is that markets have become increasingly leery of its government bonds.
The spread between Italian benchmark bond yields and their safer German equivalent has risen to almost 2 percentage points from 1 percentage point a year ago, and the rise would have been far steeper without the support of the European Central Bank.
Under its "quantitative easing" programme the ECB has been buying several billion euros of Italian bonds every month.
After it cuts back on these purchases, as it is set to do next month, some analysts say the issue of Italy's debt sustainability may resurface and its yields could surge as they did in 2011 and 2012 at the height of the euro zone debt crisis.
Mandruzzato said the trigger for a sudden market sell-off is often unexpected and in Italy's case there are "a lot of potential candidates."
One could be a ratings downgrade, as it was when Standard & Poors cut Italy's sovereign rating in September 2011. Both Fitch and Moody's currently have a negative outlook on Italy, meaning a downgrade could be in the pipeline. (Additional reporting by Giuseppe Fonte, Massimiliano Di Giorgio and Francesca Landini; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
When you're informed, you'll make the right decision for this upcoming special event.
San Diego Bus Rental
Contact
Cheap Party Bus DC
(888) 748-4929
info@cheappartybusdc.com Cheap Party Bus DC(888) 748-4929
End
-- – The moment a person sees the name of a company like Cheap Party Bus DC, they will likely assume this is a company only focused on providing party bus transportation services in the nation's capital. In reality, this company has actually been family owned and operated for more than two decades and has one of the largest fleets of limos and buses, which includes genuine party buses, anywhere in the country. They can provide aservice, but they can also offer limos and other types of buses for other areas, including Seattle, New York, Miami, and so on.It could be part of a tour group. It could be for school for children to go on a field trip. It may be for a family that is planning a reunion or a wedding soon in the area.For those who live in Washington,can be ideal for prom, bachelor and bachelorette parties, sporting events and concerts, and much more. They can also be ideal for birthday celebrations, for teenagers and adults. A true, genuine party bus is a sight to behold.or anywhere else should have incredible lighting, open seating, a state-of-the-art sound system where guests can crank up their favorite music as loud as they want, a flatscreen TV and DVD player, and an open bar that can be stocked. Of course, if thisis for teenagers for prom, it will not be stocked unless the parents provide soda or other legal beverages for them.Quickly, five qualities a person should want in a party bus are: luxury, safety, reliability, the VIP experience, and dependability.If that is exactly what a person is looking for, they should be encouraged to contact Cheap Party Bus DC by calling 888.748.4929. They can also visit their website to make reservations or to learn more about the services this company offers by visiting www.cheappartybusDC.com Whether you're looking for a party bus, limo, or fleet of coach buses for larger groups, Cheap Party Bus DC is the preferred choice among those who have experience booking transportation. That's because this company is family owned and operated and has been a leading force in the industry around the Capital region for more than 20 years. With the best service, safety, and reliability, they also offer immediate billing, short notice availability, and 24/7 customer support.
SENATORS decried on Tuesday the order by the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) to suspend the operation of ride-sharing company Uber for 30 days, saying the decision will only worsen the problem.
“I am aghast that this agency that committed before the Senate to resolve the issues has just imposed a cure that will only make the disease much worse,” said Sen. Grace Poe, chairperson of the committee on public services.
Poe said the issue involved a mere administrative violation which should have merited a corresponding administrative penalty.
“The penalty should not further prejudice the public and place the riders' well-being at risk by limiting their options,” they added.
Poe called for an urgent meeting with the LTFRB at the Senate on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, Sen. Sherwin Gatchalian said the order was a “reckless” decision that would cause further frustration and chaos for hundreds of thousands of commuters.
They also called on the board to immediately recall the suspension order to stop the situation from getting out of hand.
Sen. Benigno “Bam” Aquino 4th, for their part, said the LTFRB decision was like punishing the riding public and the drivers earning from Uber.
“By suspending the operation of Uber, they are penalizing the riders and the drivers,” Aquino said.
The LTFRB, in issuing the suspension order on July 26, said Uber violated its order to transport network companies (TNCs) to stop accepting applications for accreditation of transport network vehicle services (TNVS).
According to the LTFRB, Uber was found to have activated at least three vehicles after the July 26 order.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
A man passes in front of crosses adhered to a fence during a protest against the murder of journalists in Mexico, outside the Attorney General's Office (PGR) in Mexico City, Mexico, April 1, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY/VERACRUZ Three successive Mexican presidents have failed to halt a cycle of violence against journalists and impunity for their killers that is stifling freedom of expression and threatening democratic stability, a watchdog group said on Wednesday.
The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) urged President Enrique Pena Nieto to prioritise protection for the media in the last year of their government, after at least 21 journalists were slain in the past decade with "complete impunity."
The violence has created an environment of fear that goes beyond journalism, CPJ's Americas program director, Carlos Lauria, said, speaking on the same day that the United Nations designated as World Press Freedom Day.
"It's inhibiting Mexicans from openly debating the problems that afflict society and indirectly affecting the stability of the country's democracy," Lauria said during a presentation of a CPJ report on Mexico in the drug-ravaged state of Veracruz.
Mexico, where battles among drug cartels have left tens of thousands dead, has the sixth worst record in the world for resolving the murders of journalists, according to the CPJ.
Despite promises of action by Pena Nieto and their predecessors Felipe Calderon and Vicente Fox, Mexico's impunity rating has more than doubled since 2008, it added. The CPJ's impunity index is based on unsolved journalist murders as a percentage of a country's population.
Four journalists have been killed in Mexico in recent weeks, prompting one newspaper in the northern city of Ciudad Juarez to close down citing a lack of protection from violence.
A special prosecutor's office tasked with crimes against freedom of expression has failed to produce convictions needed to deter attacks, the CPJ said.
"The pursuit of justice has failed categorically," the CPJ said in its report. "The system seems to be corrupt down to its very foundation; either that or it's simply incapable of achieving justice."
Veracruz, where more journalists have been murdered than the rest of Mexico, is now the deadliest region for the media in the Western hemisphere, the CPJ said.
At least six journalists were murdered in retaliation for their work in Veracruz and three more went missing during the 2010 to 2016 administration of former Governor Javier Duarte, recently detained in Guatemala, the CPJ said.
The group said it was investigating at least 11 more cases in the state to determine if journalists were murdered over their work.
Veracruz is now home to "silence zones, where journalists no longer investigate, where information of public interest is no longer published," said CPJ's Mexico correspondent, Jan-Albert Hootsen. "The situation of impunity needs to be solved."
(Reporting by Mitra Taj and Reuters TV; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Leslie Adler)
The Los Angeles Rams added two All-Pros to their defense this offseason, but they're apparently looking for a third. As first reported by Jordan Schultz of Yahoo! Sports, three-time All-Pro defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh will visit the Rams this week.
Update: Ndamukong Suh tells me they are planning to visit the #Rams. Another rising contender officially in the mix. — Jordan Schultz (@Schultz_Report) March 19, 2018
Can confirm Ndamukong Suh expected to visit the #Rams this week. — Vincent Bonsignore (@DailyNewsVinny) March 19, 2018
Suh was released by the Dolphins recently as a post-June 1 cut, giving them some much-needed cap relief. They were set to have a cap hit of $26.1 million in 2018, which was the largest for a non-quarterback.
This will be their third free agency visit as they weigh their options, previously spending time with the Saints and Titans.
Given their talent level and previous contract, Suh is undoubtedly going to cost the Rams a significant amount. With Aaron Donald yet to be paid, it's interesting that they would even consider such a high-profile defensive lineman.
This past season, Suh had 48 tackles, 4.5 sacks and two forced fumbles. Although their sack totals have decreased in each of the past four seasons, he's still an incredibly productive and disruptive player up front.
A defensive line that features Suh, Donald and Michael Brockers would give the Rams one of the best position units in all football.
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
The Egyptian Commercial Service Office (ECS) has designed an ambitious plan to enhance Egypt's presence in Africa, which Egypt has hedged its bets on for the coming period.
Ahmed Antar, head of the ECS, said that they are currently studying the possibility of taking part in international exhibitions in the African continent, as well as beginning negotiations on the establishment of a permanent exhibition in Djibouti, along with other talks to set up an Egyptian-African free trade zone.
How many commercial offices does ECS intend to open in the coming period, and in which countries?
The Ministry of Trade and Industry prepared a plan to restructure its commercial representation abroad, out of the belief that the coming period requires rapid actions to restore the competitiveness of Egyptian products.
We opened offices across Africa last year in Ghana, Ivory Coast, Uganda, Tanzania. We plan on opening an office in Djibouti in 2017.
Meanwhile we restructured other offices, and closed nine offices in Portugal, Chicago, Denmark, Australia, Ukraine, Libya, Yemen, Syria, and Basra.
What are the motives behind the reconfiguration of the trade representation offices abroad?
The changing economic reality in Egypt and our continuous search for new business partners were our primary motivations behind the preparation of market survey studies.
The studies concluded that closing some offices will not cause harm to the Ministry of Trade and Industry's plan to increase exports by 10% per year.
What are the main countries that cooperate with Egypt in Africa during 2017?
Kenya in the east, Zambia and Cote d'Ivoire in the west. A delegation from ECS will pay a visit to Cote d'Ivoire during the first half of 2017 to discuss the establishment of a logistics centre there to serve the common relations between the two countries.
What are the obstacles that hinder the process of increasing trade exchange with the countries on the African continent?
This would be mainly caused by the weakness of the banking sector in many African countries—hence, we should find export financing programmes for operations carried out by Egyptian institutions.
The poor infrastructure in many African countries also makes things harder to trade.
In addition, the lack of maritime ports that help the flow of trade in Africa is a challenge, especially since many African countries are landlocked.
There is also the problem of a lack of logistical centres that makes establishing permanent exhibitions for Egyptian products more difficult, limiting our presence.
Is there a trend for the business community to ensure the existence of guarantees to the risk of exporting to the African market?
Business communities are looking for alternative means to achieve a guarantee from exporting to Africa through the Export Credit Guarantee Company of Egypt (ECGE).
Do you believe the African market is best fit for exporting or investing?
Given the large consumption rates in Africa, the market is excellent for exporting, especially as the political problems and infrastructure put a cap on investment opportunities. Yet, African countries call for investments and offer incentives.
We aim to increase our exports to the African continent by 35% in 2017. In 2015, we registered some $4bn in exports to the continent.
Egyptian investments in Africa continue, because we believe in investment opportunities across the continent.
What are the main Egyptian products that compete strongly in Africa?
Engineering industries, pharmaceuticals, chemical garments, food industries, and construction materials.
However, pharmaceutical exports face some problems in accessing African markets driven by the obstacles of registering Egyptian medicine. Some exports are dealing with the problem by signing deals with African countries to enable registering medicine.
Does the focus on the African market mean that Egypt is neglecting other regions such as west Asia?
No, our focus on the African market does not come at the expense of other markets.
What about Ethiopia—will Egypt increase its presence there despite the tension between the two countries?
We are in a state of stillness. But Ethiopia is a state of limited resources. It also has a large population of over 90 million, which makes Egypt's presence in the market more attractive.
What are the mechanisms followed by ECS to solve the problem of high transportation costs?
Of the most important challenges facing Egyptians is improving shipping lines and finding shipping lines that directly target a large number of African markets.
Working to make Egypt a leading international trade centre in the Middle East requires work to increase the capacities of Egyptian ports in order to attract more container ships as well as working on the development of logistics capabilities and infrastructure to support this trend.
Commercial offices abroad address the officials of government agencies concerned with the transport sector and the largest shipping companies to urge them to set up regular shipping lines to facilitate the flow of Egyptian exports.
How will ECS promote government projects abroad to increase investment opportunities?
Commercial offices communicate with major companies in other countries to give advice on investment opportunities and the business environment in Egypt, next to coordinating with the General Authority for Investment (GAFI) to arrange visits to these companies. In this regard, we provided 301 investment opportunities in 2015.
The commercial representation offices also have more activities that directly impact investment in national projects, including training and capacity building.
We are working to increase joint investments with Korea, Japan, and China.
Which commercial representative offices had a role in attracting investments?
The Brussels office follows up on a number of files that are directly related to investment, such as the Euro-Mediterranean cooperation and industrial cooperation.
The promotion of these projects also takes place in the United States and China.
These projects were accepted in France. A delegation of French investors conducted three visits to the New Administrative Capital and the Suez Canal Axis. The investment decision requires more time in order to prepare the necessary studies.
Are you arranging any visits in 2017 to attract international companies?
Yes, there will be visits organised for companies operating in automotive industries, electronics, shipbuilding, yachts, leather, furniture, and textile.
In addition, representatives of non-traditional sectors, such as new and renewable energy, biotechnology, and nanotechnology will also come for visits.
This is done by communicating with foreign companies that want to relocate their factories to Egypt.
What about the United States and European Union markets for Egyptian exports?
The United States and European Union countries are important markets for Egypt and in the field of economic cooperation, especially in the exports sector.
Egyptian products compete strongly in sectors of textiles, yarn, agricultural products, chemical and furniture industries.
How does the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) handle Egyptian exports?
The COMESA is active on 85% of all exports. This leaves only 15% of exports blacklisted, subjected to conditions of each country separately.
Egyptian exports to COMESA countries amounted to $1.7bn in 2015.
What are the obstacles facing the African bloc's implementation of the agreement signed in June 2015 in Sharm El-Sheikh?
There are no economic obstacles to completing the agreement, but we need political consensus for the implementation of it, in addition to the regular obstacles in dealing with African countries, such as maritime transport, risks of exporting, and the weakness of their banking sectors.
Is there an intention to establish special or permanent international exhibitions in Africa to strengthen the presence of Egyptian products?
Egypt takes part in many exhibitions. There are two in Zambia in April and August. We are also planning to take part in most international exhibitions in Kenya. We are in talks with the General Organization for International Exhibitions & Fairs to establish permanent Egyptian exhibitions in Africa.
Which countries will that plan focus on?
We are going to establish a permanent exhibition in Djibouti. It is a very important country in Africa with a privileged position.
We will meet with business communities and export councils to study the economic payoff of establishing permanent exhibitions.
What about other efforts conducted by your office to improve economic cooperation with Africa?
We are cooperating with commercial agreements officials to discuss establishing an Egyptian-African free trade zone to enhance Egyptian exports.
What is the volume of trade exchanged between Egypt and COMESA in 2015?
The value of Egyptian exports to COMESA member states during 2015 totalled $1.7bn, placing Egypt on top of the rankings of countries that export to COMESA states, with 22% of the sheer bilateral trade.
According to statistics issued by COMESA, the bilateral trade volume between the COMESA countries dropped by 8% in 2015, driven down by the decline in oil prices.
What are the exhibitions attended by ECS in the current year?
We agreed with Senegal that Egypt will come as a guest of honour at the Dakar International Fair (FIDAK) in 2017.
An exhibition of Egyptian products will be held from 13-18 May at the KICC Kenyan exhibition, in cooperation with the General Organization for International Exhibitions & Fairs.
ECS will also take part in two exhibitions in Zambia; one in Ndola, and the second in August in Lusaka.
Are there talks to establish a joint free trade zone with the African countries?
Certainly, ECS organised a visit to Djibouti with a delegation of businesspeople to meet with a number of government officials and chambers of commerce to discuss the possibility of establishing an Egyptian free trade zone there, similar to the one in Jebel Ali.
Elsewedy Electric, for instance, sent a delegation to Djibouti to discuss the establishment of a free zone in Djibouti. The company is at present following up with officials of the port to collect as much data as possible to help the company.
Is there a programme followed by ECS to facilitate the export process for small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs)?
We worked last year with the Federation of Egyptian Industries to facilitate exports, according to a programme prepared by meetings with importers and linking SMEs with major companies and investors abroad.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 5 First Solar Inc:
* First Solar to review alternatives for the sale of its interests in 8point3 Energy Partners
* First Solar Inc - seeks to fully align resources and capital in support of transition to series 6 offering
* First Solar Inc - first solar will coordinate review with its partner Sunpower
* First Solar Inc - exploring options for sale of its interests in 8point3 in order to "refocus resources on series 6 objectives"
* First Solar Inc - first solar intends to accelerate return of capital from its systems business by selling projects earlier in construction phase
* First Solar Inc - if 8point3 is unable to acquire projects earlier in construction phase, co expects to sell these projects to third parties Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Carl Frampton's eagerly anticipated return to Belfast takes place next month and tickets go on sale this morning.
The Jackal faces 23-year-old Andres Gutierrez at the SSE Arena (July 29) in a WBC world featherweight title eliminator.
Tickets for the 'return of the Jackal' go on sale from 10am - priced £40, £75, £115 (plus booking fees) and are available from www.ssearenabelfast.com or by calling 02890739074. VIP inner ringside tickets are available from Cyclone promotions.
Tickets are also on sale via http://www.ticketmaster.ie
BARCELONA, April 28 World number one Andy Murray was forced to dig deep to overcame Albert Ramos-Vinolas 2-6 6-4 7-6(4) and reach the Barcelona Open semi-finals on Friday, avenging their defeat by the Spaniard in the Monte Carlo Masters last week.
Briton Murray was overpowered by Ramos-Vinolas in the first set and had to saved three breaks points in the ninth game of the second before tying the match. They then lost their first service game in the third set.
Ramos-Vinolas took a few minutes rest in the final set to shake off muscle discomfort, after each player had broken, but was again unable to seize the chance to see off the number one seed, who came out stronger to win the tiebreak.
Murray will play Dominic Thiem on Saturday after the Austrian booked their place in the last four earlier on Friday by easing past Yuichi Sugita of Japan 6-1 6-2.
Nine-time Barcelona Open champion Rafael Nadal meets South Korea's Hyeon Chung later on Friday to set up a semi-final with wither Russia's Karen Khachanov or Argentine Horacio Zeballos. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
DUBAI, April 30 Petrochemical shares helped lift the Saudi Arabian bourse in early trade on Sunday after strong first-quarter earnings in the sector. Neighbouring stock markets were mostly lower.
Saudi Kayan Petrochemical surged 7.9 percent after it swung to a net profit of 265.5 million riyals ($70.8 million) from a loss of 195 million riyals in the prior-year period. Analysts at NCB Capital had expected a profit of 121 million riyals.
"This is the highest net income since inception. We believe the variance is due to higher-than-expected operating rates and gross margin," NCB Capital said.
The positive mood spilled into shares of other producers, most of which have not yet posted quarterly earnings. Saudi Arabia Fertilizers (SAFCO) rose 2.2 percent after it reported net income of 423 million riyals, at the high end of forecasts; the consensus estimate was 406 million riyals.
The Saudi stock index was up 0.6 percent after half an hour of trade.
Dubai's index was flat, staying near a 4-1/2 month low, as 12 shares declined and 11 rose. Second- and third-tier shares, which are often traded by local day-traders, were the top movers, with GFH Financial Group jumping 4.8 percent but builder Arabtec was down 0.8 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, the index edged up 0.3 percent with support from blue chips; telecommunications operator Etisalat rose 1.2 percent and real estate developer Aldar Properties added 0.5 percent.
Qatar's largest petrochemical maker, Industries Qatar , rose 0.7 percent after news that one of its units, QAPCO, had signed an agreement with state-owned Qatar Petroleum to supply the low-density polyethylene producer with additional ethane gas.
Other Qatari shares sagged, however, dragging the index 0.2 percent lower. Vodafone Qatar was the worst performer, down 1.4 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia and David Evans)
FILE PHOTO - A GlaxoSmithKline logo is seen outside one of its buildings in west London, February 6, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
GlaxoSmithKline(GSK.L) must pay $3 million (2.34 million pounds) to a woman who sued the drug company over the death of their husband, a lawyer who committed suicide after taking a generic version of the antidepressant Paxil, a U.S. jury said on Thursday.
The jury's award followed a trial in federal court in Chicago in a lawsuit over the death of Stewart Dolin, a partner at Reed Smith LLP who jumped in front of an oncoming commuter train in 2010 after taking a generic equivalent of GSK's Paxil.
The verdict by the nine-member jury in favour of Dolin's wife, Wendy Dolin, was confirmed by GSK, which said in a statement it was disappointed and planned to appeal.
"GSK maintains that because it did not manufacture or market the medicine ingested by Mr. Dolin, it should not be liable," GSK said. "Additionally, the Paxil label provided complete and adequate warnings during the time period relevant to this lawsuit."
Brent Wisner, a lawyer for Wendy Dolin, said their client was "very pleased" with the verdict, adding that "justice has been served."
Wendy Dolin filed the lawsuit in 2012 against London-based GSK and Mylan, which manufactured paroxetine hydrochloride, the generic version of Paxil their 57-year-old husband was taking before their suicide.
A federal judge dismissed Mylan from the lawsuit in 2014 but allowed Dolin to proceed against GSK because it controlled the drug's design and label, which applied to both the brand-name and generic versions of the drug.
The label included a "black box" warning that paroxetine, like all SSRI-type antidepressants, can increase the risk of suicidal behaviour by users under age 25.
At trial, Dolin's lawyers had requested $39 million. They alleged GSK had evidence paroxetine increases the risk of suicide by older users by as much as 670 percent, yet failed to include that on the warning label.
In their opening statement on March 14, GSK attorney Andrew Bayman said the label was appropriate and its wording was mandated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The case is Dolin v. GlaxoSmithKline, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, No. 12-cv-6403.
(Reporting by Nate Raymond in Boston and Barbara Grzincic in Baltimore; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Pakistan have called up leg-spinner Shahdab Khan to their test squad for the first time for their three-test series against the West Indies starting in Kingston on April 21.
The 18-year-old made their international debut in Pakistan's Twenty20 international series win against West Indies last month and was named Player of the Series after picking up 10 wickets in four matches.
Shahdab is one of four uncapped players in the 16-member squad alongside middle order batsman Usman Salahuddin and pace bowlers Hasan Ali and Mohammad Abbas.
"The Test team has been selected keeping in mind the conditions in West Indies and the recent performances of players during the domestic and international season," chief selector Inzamam-ul-Haq said in a statement on Wednesday.
"The team is a fine blend of experience and youth and (we) believe that team will do well in the tour."
Misbah-ul-Haq will continue to skipper the side, which includes seven changes to the 17-member squad that toured Australia in December-January.
Experienced leg-spinner Yasir Shah will lead Pakistan's spin attack and is joined by left-arm spinner Mohammad Asghar, who did not get a game in Australia.
Squad: Misbah-ul-Haq (captain), Ahmed Shahzad, Azhar Ali, Shan Masood, Babar Azam, Younis Khan, Asad Shafiq, Sarfraz Ahmed (wicketkeeper), Usman Salahuddin, Yasir Shah, Shahdab Khan, Mohammad Asghar, Mohammad Amir, Wahab Riaz, Hasan Ali, Mohammad Abbas.
(This version of the story was corrected to say Shahdab called up for the first time not for the first time in three test series)
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
April 6 Constellation Brands Inc:
* Constellation brands reports fiscal 2017 results and fiscal 2018 outlook
* Constellation Brands Inc - sees 2018 reported basis eps of $7.65 - $7.95
* Constellation Brands Inc - sees 2018 comparable basis eps of $7.70 - $8.00
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly net sales for beer increased 11 percent
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly wine and spirits net sales were flat
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly reported eps $2.26
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly comparable eps $1.48
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly net sales $1,628 million, up 5 percent
* Constellation Brands Inc - qtrly 10 percent increase in organic net sales for beer, driven primarily by volume growth and favorable pricing
* Constellation Brands Inc - sees 2018 capital expenditures approximately $1.175 - $1.275 billion
* Constellation brands inc - for fiscal 2018, beer business is targeting net sales growth in range of 9 - 11 percent
* Constellation Brands - for wine and spirits business, expects net sales to decrease in range of 4 - 6 percent, operating income to be flat for fiscal 2018
* Constellation Brands Inc - for fiscal 2018, beer business is targeting operating income growth in range of 11 - 13 percent
* Constellation Brands Inc- full-year fiscal 2018 guidance includes free cash flow approximately $725 - $825 million
* Constellation brands inc - "we are significantly increasing our dividend for coming year"
* Fy2018 earnings per share view $7.51 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 earnings per share view $1.36, revenue view $1.59 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Constellation Brands Inc - recorded a net gain on sale of its Canadian wine business of $262 million during q4 fiscal 2017
* Constellation Brands Inc - after-tax proceeds from sale of its Canadian wine business are expected to approximate $495 million
* Constellation Brands-declares quarterly dividend of $0.52 per share class a and $0.47 per share class b common stock, an increase of approximately 30% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
March 28 United Internet AG
* Says acquires 29.93% stake in rankingCoach
* Says bought stake in course of a capital increase, via United Internet Investment Holding GmbH
* Says in addition to equity stake, rankingCoach and United Internet subsidiary 1&1 Internet SE have signed a long-term cooperation agreement for 1&1 to use the online marketing solutions of rankingCoach as part of its hosting and cloud products marketed in Europe and North America
* Says transaction is still subject to approval by relevant anti-trust authorities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Straight Path Communications Inc
* AT&T enters into definitive agreement to acquire Straight Path Communications for $95.63 per share in all stock deal
* Deal for $95.63 per share
* Deal for $95.63 per share
* Straight Path shareholders will receive $1.25 billion, or $95.63 per share, which will be paid using AT&T stock
* Transaction has a total value of $1.6 billion which includes liabilitiesDeal supported by Straight Path's majority shareholder, Howard Jonas, who has entered into a voting agreement with AT&T
* Transaction was approved by board of directors of both companies
* Howard Jonas entered into a voting agreement with AT&T and agreed to vote their class a shares in support of transaction
* AT&T is to acquire straight path in an all-stock merger intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Hangzhou Robam Appliances Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 5 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/daGtp1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Last Wednesday saw Woodford Halse C.E. Primary Academy host its 25th annual cross-country race.
The school welcomed 750 pupils from 25 of the county's schools to compete in the traditional cross-country course.
The race was set up 26 years ago but one edition being cancelled by foot and mouth disease.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
GE merges power units as executive who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
LONDON, April 28 Royal Bank of Scotland swung to a better than expected first quarter profit of 259 million pounds ($334.24 million), it reported on Friday, after making a loss of nearly a billion pounds in the same period a year ago.
The result was more than the 50 million pounds forecast from the average of analysts' estimates compiled by the bank, and was the lender's first quarterly profit since September 2015.
The bank has not made a full-year profit in nine years, as it battles restructuring costs and conduct fines resulting from its years of over-expansion leading into the 2008 financial crisis.
RBS said its core capital ratio rose to 14.1 percent from 13.4 percent ayear ago. ($1 = 0.7749 pounds) (Reporting By Lawrence White, editing by Huw Jones)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Women entrepreneurs are getting together to move their businesses forward
The Club
Contact
The Women Entrepreneurs Club
***@thewomenentrepreneurs.club The Women Entrepreneurs Club
End
-- The Women Entrepreneurs Club (WE) is pleased to announce their launch. It is a one of a kind platform to help women build their businesses and expose them to the buying public through a strong advertising and marketing strategy. Members' businesses are featured in categories on the site with direct links to their business.Gemma David, the founder, explained how they came up with the idea for The Women Entrepreneurs Club. "I started combing the Social Media groups and saw so many women posting links to their side hustle time and time again. I spoke with some of them, and no matter how many 'like ladders' or groups they were a part of, almost none of them could actually report any conversions. Likes don't translate into business. It was like an exercise in futility. Then I followed the links they had posted in these groups, and there was no way for someone to actually buy from some of them. Some did not have an ecommerce website; others had sites that needed major improvements. Still others were trying to sell in Social Media groups, effectively rendering them invisible among the thousands of others. It didn't matter if your product or service is great; presenting your offering well is of paramount importance. Marketing and advertising budgets and business development strategies were also major blocks. It was time for a platform that would solely support and promote these women entrepreneurs in an organized and effective way."There are currently over 150 women entrepreneurs from the US and across the globe listed on The Women Entrepreneurs Club's website. It is free to join and small businesswomen entrepreneurs can avail themselves and their business of the following:* Direct links to their social media pages or business website* Help with the creation of an ecommerce site* Solid business development strategies in one on one consultations* Business building webinars, practiced workshops, and other resources and tools* The advertising power of the marketing exposure of the WE club* Selling in the WE shop, where consumers can buy items with one click* Bartering services with WE club members to help grow each other's business* Access to new business opportunitiesIt provides business building resources and help for women entrepreneurs to establish and grow their business and serves as a repository to find women owned businesses. Contact hello@TheWomenEntrepreneurs.club or http://www.TheWomenEntrepreneurs.club
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Swiss championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Young Boys 1 Grasshoppers Zurich 1 FC Lugano 1 FC Lausanne-Sport 2 FC Zurich 1 Luzern 2 Saturday, December 9 FC Basel 3 St Gallen 0 Sion 2 FC Thun 3 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Young Boys 18 11 4 3 39 18 37 2 FC Basel 18 10 5 3 37 16 35 ------------------------- 3 FC Zurich 18 7 7 4 23 16 28 4 Grasshoppers Zurich 18 6 6 6 26 25 24 ------------------------- 5 St Gallen 18 7 3 8 23 35 24 ------------------------- 6 FC Lausanne-Sport 18 6 4 8 28 35 22 7 FC Thun 18 6 3 9 30 33 21 8 Luzern 18 5 5 8 23 30 20 9 FC Lugano 18 5 4 9 18 28 19 ------------------------- 10 Sion 18 4 5 9 21 32 17 1-2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 10: Relegation
A number of commercial State companies believe official salary rates for top-level personnel are now too low to attract suitable candidates or retain existing senior staff, the Department of Transport has warned.
Briefing material prepared for the department's secretary general also says there is “discontent” in some companies at Government policy not to pay performance-related bonuses, and that a number of chief executives are threatening to take legal action against the State. It says High Court proceedings have commenced in one case.
The Fine Gael-Labour coalition introduced in 2011 new lower salary rates for chief executives appointed to commercial State companies following the economic crash.
The briefing material also states that policy introduced by the Department of Public Expenditure and Reform eliminated benefits such as car allowances for for new chief executives in commercial State companies and for those who were having their contracts renewed.
“We are aware anecdotally that a number of boards [of commercial State companies] now believe that salaries at the levels agreed by the Government in 2011 are too low to retain or attract suitable CEO candidates,” the briefing material states.
Briefing material
The Department of Transport did not comment on what companies it was referring to in the briefing material which was drawn up by officials for a recent appearance by its secretary general before the Dáil Public Accounts Committee.
There are about 15 commercial State companies that operate under the aegis of the Department of Transport, including the CIÉ transport companies Dublin Bus, Bus Éireann and Iarnród Éireann, as well as the Dublin Airport Authority, the Irish Aviation Authority and several port and harbour companies around the State.
Under a Labour Court recommendation last week aimed at resolving the strike at Bus Éireann, the pay of its senior management is to be cut by 10 per cent.
Under the 2011 pay rules the starting salary for a newly-appointed chief executive at the DAA would be just under €220,000; at Iarnród Éireann about €190,000; at Dublin Bus and Bus Éireann about €167,000; at the Irish Aviation Authority about €176,000; and at the Dublin Port Company about €144,000.
The Department of Transport briefing material says that “chief executive officer performance-related payments were provided for previously, and formed a standard part of many commercial CEO contracts”.
Contract template
“In recent years it has been Government policy that such payments should not be paid, and the standard contract template has been revised to delete the bonus clause.”
The documents say agencies under the department have so far complied with the policy but they note “some indications of discontent at the application of the policy by CEOs who have the bonus clause still in their contract”.
“The department is aware of a number of CEOs who have performance-related clauses in their contracts and who are threatening legal action for the payment, including back payment, of such awards. The CEO of Dún Laoghaire Harbour Company has now referred the matter of unpaid bonuses to the High Court,” the document states.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MLP SAGLIK HIZMETLERI AS (IPO-MPARK.IS): BOOKRUNNER:
* REVISED PRICE GUIDANCE TRY 19.00 – TRY 20.00 PER SHARE / EXTENSION OF BOOKBUILD ‍​
* BOOKS ARE COVERED ON THE FULL INTERNATIONAL DEAL SIZE INCLUDING GREENSHOE ‍​
* BOOKS CLOSE ON 6 FEBRUARY 2018‍​ Further company coverage:
Toyota is excited to release the performance packed full-size pickup truck the 2018 Toyota Tundra TRD Sport. Since 1999 the Toyota Tundra has been one of the most reliable full-size pickup trucks on the market. In 2014 the interior and exterior design was revamped to include features such as enhanced fenders, a larger front grille, and a bold rear end. Toyota strives to innovate the most advanced technology, produce the most reliable vehicles, and always find ways to achieve the ultimate customer satisfaction with their vehicles and service. If you are looking for a powerful, rugged, overly capable, and amazingly comfortable full-size pickup truck the 2018 Tundra TRD Sport was built for you.
Unleashed Performance
The 2018 Toyota Tundra TRD Sport offers unleashed performance, advanced technology features, and dynamic styling. Most upper trim levels of the Toyota Tundra, including the 2018 TRD Sport, deliver 381-hp and 401 lb-ft of torque that is generated by a 5.7L V8 engine. The TRD Sport trim can be differentiated from other trim levels of the Toyota Tundra with advanced features such as:
– 20” alloy wheels
– Sport-tuned suspension
– Bilstein® dampers
– Heavy built hood scoop
– High-performance sway bars
Elite 2018 TRD Sport Design
The Toyota trucks and SUVs with the TRD (Toyota Racing Development) Sport trim take the off-road, rugged, and tough Toyota truck and SUV reputation to the next level. The 2018 Tundra TRD Sport is perhaps one of the toughest in the line up. The 2018 Toyota Tundra TRD Sport offers unique features such as a heavy built hood scoop and more, such as:
– LED headlights with black bezels
– Black mesh grille
– 20” black accent finish wheels
Toyota Safety Sense™ P (TSS-P)
Keeping you and your family safe on the road is one of Toyota's number one priorities. The 2018 Toyota Tundra TRD Sport is equipped with Toyota's TSS-P. TSS-P was created for mid to large-size Toyota vehicles to help keep drivers, passengers, and pedestrians out of harms way. TSS-P improves safety by raising the driver's awareness and helping the driver keep better tabs on their surroundings.
Toyota Safety Sense highlights five driver assistance elements:
– Pre-Collision System
– Lane Departure Alert
– Automatic High Beams
– Pedestrian Detection Function feature with the Pre-Collision System
– Dynamic Radar Cruise Control
Ready to get the best deal on the debut of the 2018 Toyota Tundra TRD Sport? Contact Kendall Toyota to learn more today!
May 2 Chinasoft International Limited:
* Change of Chief Financial Officer
* Frank Waung, chief financial officer of company, has resigned as chief financial officer
* Leong Leung Chai, Florence has been appointed as deputy chief financial officer of company
* Leong to perform duty of chief financial officer, with effect from 2 May 2017 Source text: [bit.ly/2qoLo2y] Further company coverage:
Welcome to the Birmingham Mail daily news live blog, bringing you all the latest news, sport, travel and weather from around Birmingham and the West Midlands every day.
Stay tuned for all the latest updates below:
If you've spotted anything in your area, you can get in touch with us by email at newsdesk@birminghammail.co.uk or call 0121 234 5430. You can also reach us on our Facebook page or via Twitter @birminghammail .
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
FRANKFURT May 2 German broadcaster ProSiebenSat.1 and Discovery Communications Inc will join forces to stream TV shows via Internet and wireless services in Germany.
The two companies said on Tuesday they had created a 50-50 joint venture, which would also be open to other partners.
ProSieben will contribute its current mobile TV offering, which includes its flagship channels ProSieben and SAT.1 as well as kabel eins and sixx. Discovery will bring its free-to-air channels DMAX and TLC.
The streaming service will be available later this year, the companies said in a statement.
At a later stage, sports content will be added, including Germany's Bundesliga soccer matches and the 2018 Olympic Winter Games, for which Discovery has broadcasting rights.
Last year Discovery snatched rights to show some Friday, Sunday and Monday Bundesliga soccer matches for four years starting in the 2017/18 season.
Gunnar Wiedenfels started this month as Discovery's new financial head after working for less than two years in the same position at ProSiebenSat.1 (Reporting by Harro ten Wolde; editing by Jason Neely)
March 29 Hydropothecary Corp-
* The Hydropothecary Corporation receives license to sell cannabis oil
* Has received an amendment to its licence from Health Canada under access to cannabis for medical purposes regulations
* Amendment is to include sale of cannabis oils from its facility in Gatineau, QC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A police officer reacts outside Southwark Cathedral during the funeral of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
An onlooker reacts as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Police officers arrive near Southwark Cathedral ahead of the funeral of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A police officer holds an order of service as they wait with colleagues for the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, to be carried into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
A police officer bows their head as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
The coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported through Carriage Gates at the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Police officers wait in silence for the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, to be carried into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
A police officer carries the helmet of PC Keith Palmer into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
Police officers wait in silence for the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, to be carried into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
The hearse carrying the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the March 22 Westminster terror attack, leaves the Chapel of St Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, heading to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ben Stansall/Pool
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Police officers bow their heads as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, is carried into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
Police officers arrive near Southwark Cathedral ahead of the funeral of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
The coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported through Carriage Gates at the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. The flowers on top of the hearse spell out 'NO 1 DADDY'. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Police officers arrive near Southwark Cathedral ahead of the funeral of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Police officers line the street as the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, who was killed in the recent Westminster attack, is transported from the Palace of Westminster, where it laid overnight, to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
The hearse carrying the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the March 22 Westminster terror attack, leaves the Chapel of St Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, heading to their funeral at Southwark Cathedral in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Ben Stansall/Pool
Pall bearers carry the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
Pall bearers carry the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
Pall bearers carry the coffin of PC Keith Palmer, the officer killed in the Westminster attack, into Southwark Cathedral for their funeral, in central London, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Frank Augstein/Pool
LONDON Thousands of police officers across Britain marked a two-minute silence on Monday to coincide with the funeral of Constable Keith Palmer who was killed in last month's attack outside parliament in London.
Palmer was fatally stabbed by Khalid Masood who had ploughed a rented car into pedestrians, killing five in total before they were shot dead.
Hundreds of uniformed officers lined the cortege route from a chapel at the parliament building where Palmer's body had lain overnight to Southwark Cathedral beside the River Thames.
A floral tribute on the hearse to the 48-year-old who was married with a daughter simply read: "No. 1 Daddy."
Among mourners at the cathedral was new London police chief Cressida Dick, on their first day in the role.
Sara Thornton, head of the National Police Chiefs' Council, told the BBC: "I don't think we will have ever seen a police funeral of this size..."
Palmer had not hesitated to act when confronted by a terrorist, they said.
"His bravery and their courage are something that all officers are very proud of," they added, "but also there is a tremendous sense of sadness and of loss."
Palmer's name was also added to the National Police Memorial, which records the names of those killed in the line of duty, during a ceremony in London.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Stephen Addison)
March 29 Mosys Inc:
* Mosys Inc reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results
* Q4 non-GAAP loss per share $0.64 excluding items
* Q4 GAAP loss per share $2.18
* Q4 revenue $1.4 million versus $1.6 million
* Mosys Inc - "We are realigning our resources to focus on key, near-term opportunities and evaluate strategic alternatives"
* Mosys-"plan to initiate cost-reduction programs and limit further expenditures", until such time that existing bandwidth engine design-win base ramps
* Mosys Inc - expect to generate higher revenue in 2017 as compared with 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LAGOS, April 5 Nigeria's naira is over-valued by around 10 to 20 percent, the International Monetary Fund's (IMF's) country head said on Wednesday, when the organisation released a critical report on government efforts to boost growth in Africa's largest economy.
"We do find there to be some over-valuation at this point of the naira, of the official currency, somewhere to the tune of 10 to 20 percent," Gene Leon, IMF mission chief for Nigeria, said in a telephone media briefing.
In the report, the IMF urged Nigeria to introduce immediate changes to its exchange rate policy - characterised by central bank curbs, multiple exchange rates and an artificially high naira valuation - or risk "a disorderly exchange rate depreciation".
(Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Larry King)
April 12 China Resources Land Ltd
* In March attributable land premium payable by group in respect of relevant land acquisition amounted to approximately RMB11.89 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Reuters sports schedule at 0600 GMT on Thursday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters (to 9)
World number one Johnson doubtful for Masters after freak fall
AUGUSTA - World number one Dustin Johnson's participation in the U.S. Masters this week is in doubt after they injured their back in a freak accident, their manager David Winkle said on Wednesday. (GOLF-MASTERS/JOHNSON (UPDATE 1, PIX, TV), moved, 300 words)
AUGUSTA, Georgia - The 81st edition of the U.S. Masters gets underway at Augusta National with red-hot world number one Dustin Johnson an injury doubt and Rory McIlroy looking to complete a career grand slam. (GOLF-MASTERS/ PIX, TV, GRAPHIC, expect throughout, by Steve Keating, Ed Osmond, Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll)
ATHLETICS
Integrity remit is 'momentous' step, says Howman
WELLINGTON - The establishment of the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) is a "momentous" move for athletics and could form a template for other sports to follow, inaugural chairperson David Howman said on Thursday. (ATHLETICS-HOWMAN/ (INTERVIEW, PIX), expect by 0630 GMT/2.30 AM ET, by Greg Stutchbury, 377 words)
Former Olympic champion Pearson back in world championships frame
MELBOURNE - Olympic 100 metres hurdles gold medallist Sally Pearson talks to Reuters about their path to the world championships in London after the Australian's confidence-building win in the national trials (ATHLETICS-AUSTRALIA/PEARSON (INTERVIEW, PIX), expect by 0800 GMT / 4 AM ET, by Ian Ransom, 600 words)
MOTOR RACING
Chinese Formula One Grand Prix
Ferrari drivers in the media spotlight
SHANGHAI - Australian Grand Prix winner Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen are in the media spotlight with both appearing in the main news conference at the Shanghai circuit. (MOTOR-F1-CHINA/, (PIX), expect by 0800 GMT/4 AM ET, by Abhishek Takle, 400 words)
We will also have stories from around the paddock.
SOCCER
Premier League
Chelsea win but Tottenham keep the title race alive
LONDON - Chelsea ticked off three more points in their Premier League title quest with a 2-1 victory over Manchester City on Wednesday but Tottenham Hotspur's Houdini-like 3-1 win at Swansea means the race is far from over. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/ (WRAPUP 1, PIX), moved, by Martyn Herman, 582 words)
We will have all the latest news ahead of this weekend's fixtures, which include Chelsea's trip to Bournemouth and Tottenham Hotspur's home clash against Watford. (SOCCER-ENGLAND-TEAM/, expect throughout)
CRICKET
Indian Premier League (to May 21)
(CRICKET-INDIA/IPL, copy on merit)
Sri Lanka v Bangladesh, second Twenty20
(CRICKET-IT20-LKA-BGD/, copy on merit) (Asia desk editor: John O'Brien)
Market Overview:
3D printing technology, also referred to as additive manufacturing, is a manufacturing technology used for the production of complex structures and smaller designs. The introduction of 3D printing has helped manufacturers design and develop complex structures with ease, which would not have been possible without the use of conventional manufacturing techniques. 3D printing is a manufacturing technology in which manufacturing is done layer by layer and hence, the accuracy of the production has also increased to a high level. This technique, most commonly, requires materials, such as thermoplastic powders, photosensitive resins, thermoplastic filaments, metal wire, ceramic powders and metal powders, which can be used to manufacture various parts and components as per the requirements of producers. There are special machines capable of manufacturing such complex structures; however, they must be operated under human supervision. The use of powder, filament and wired materials for the manufacturing of products has enabled manufacturers to use several types of metals, alloys and various polymers as per requirement and design. Thus, the permutation and combination of several 3D printing consumables has enabled industries to produce products that are more durable, economical and suitable for use in various industrial and commercial applications. Post processing consumables, such as surface finish sandpapers, cold welding consumables, solvents, resins and binders (for dipping, coating process, etc.), polishing paper & compounds, primers and paints, are also gaining traction as consumers today are more attracted towards the aesthetics and appeal of products in the global market.
This additive manufacturing process collects powder, which is typically the most consumed material in the manufacturing process, in the reservoir and then, according to the need, deposits the powder on the manufacturing bed to form layers of the product. These layers usually have a thickness ranging from 20 µm to 100 µm. Once the layers are properly placed and distributed, they are also bound or melted using a high energy beam. In the second case, the beam source is ideally one high energy laser, but many systems use two or more lasers with varying power standards under the inert gas environment. The most commonly used processes are Selective laser melting (SLM), Digital Light Processing (DLP), Stereolithography (SLA), Fused deposition modelling (FDM), Electronic Beam Melting (EBM), Selective Laser Sintering (SLS) and Laminated object manufacturing (LOM). The lone exemption to this process is the Electron Beam melting (EBM) process, which operates in full vacuum condition with an electron beam for metals. The melting process is repeated layer by layer, slice by slice, until the last layer is melted and the full product is complete. Then it is removed from the powder bed and post processing is done according to the product requirements.
When combined with powerful and modern tools that optimize analysis and simulation process to generate an optimal design solution, such technologized tools and manufacturing processes are able to design products that are perfect, lightweight and long lasting. The resulting parts not only take a reduced amount of time to design, but are also lighter and significantly stronger than part designs that are manufactured using conventional manufacturing methods.
Request sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/23467
Attributing to these enhanced properties, 3D printing consumables find abundant applications in the automotive, aerospace, construction, defense and medical industries. The 3D printing consumables market is anticipated to grow in all industrial and manufacturing sectors owing to growing applications in lightweight engineering products. Moreover, the 3D printing consumables market is estimated to show positive growth since, regulatory authorities are pressing manufacturers to use products that are more ecofriendly with a minimum amount of natural resources during the production process. The 3D printing consumables market has a lot of scope in the research and development division since researchers and scientists are coming up with new consumables and software, which are more efficient and economical. Space constraint is an important factor for manufacturers and hence, they are opting for light and compact products, which in turn is expected to fuel the growth of the 3D printing consumables market in the consumer goods sector. The market for 3D printing consumables is anticipated to grow at a healthy CAGR in the coming future. Furthermore, the growing applications of products manufactured by 3D printing in commercial and industrial sectors is expected to propel the growth of the overall 3D printing consumables market in the near future. By region, North America, followed by Europe and APAC, is projected to dominate the global 3D printing consumables market by 2018 end. Additionally, North America and Europe region strong a footprint of global players with substantial market shares; however, for the rest of regions, the market is fragmented with few international suppliers and many mid-sized to small sized competitors.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We're the famous Aston Villa and we're going to Wembley. Wembley...Wembley.'
That was the chant from the away end as Villa battered Ipswich 4-0 at Portman Road.
The fans have accepted the automatic promotion race is as good as over.
For the record, it isn't. But another win for Cardiff will end it. Officially that is, and that's without even mentioning Fulham.
Villa left themselves too much to do after a disappointing March when they slipped up at Bolton and Hull.
So it's on to the play-offs, the knock-out competition that many people describe as a ‘lottery'.
I'm not buying that by the way. The play-offs are about who wants it the most. Calling it a lottery is an easy get-out.
So if Villa want it more than their semi-final opponents, promotion will be decided by a Wembley showpiece, just as the fans were calling for on Saturday.
That's the overall aim this term and what better way to do it than at Wembley? Villa battered Ipswich to secure a top-four finish and in some ways that marks progress.
Remember, this time last year Villa we're dead and buried for another campaign. They wanted the season over.
Holidays were booked and long days on the beach planned. But this term there has been no let-up.
Villa have been under pressure to win every game they've faced since the turn of the year.
There's been no such thing as a dead rubber. Not even at this late stage of the season.
Providing Derby - who are dropping like a stone - get something against Cardiff, Villa will face the same brief on Saturday when they face they're struggling Rams.
Put simply, they need to keep on winning and hope the teams above them slip-up.
Cranking up the intensity levels is a good thing and it should give Steve Bruce's troops an advantage going into the play-offs.
On top of that, they've hit form at a good time after a wobble in March.
It's crazy to think that only a month ago Villa we're losing to Bolton in the snow, yet at Ipswich some players suffered from sunburn!
The next two games - against Derby and Millwall - could well be a taster of what Villa will get in the play-offs.
Both sides are battling for fifth and sixth and could end up taking either, or none at all.
All Villae need to do it see out the games and remained focused regardless of their outcome.
Whatever happens, there's a crunch set of fixtures on the horizon. Whether that be two, four or five games before they pack up for some more sun before the World Cup.
What might've been
Former Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede has explained how their impact at the club was affected by the changing of manager in their first season.
Gestede, now at promotion rivals Middlesbrough, arrived at Villa Park in the summer of 2015, one of a number of acquisitions made by Tim Sherwood and the claret and blue recruitment team which had been armed with a budget boosted by the sales of Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph.
They bagged the winner at Bournemouth on their debut, and also scored a memorable victory goal against Blues in the League Cup.
The sacking of Sherwood and the subsequent appointment of Remi Garde, however, saw the Benin international's number of starts severely stunted.
“My dream has always been to play in the Premier League,” Gestede told The Boot Room .
“At Aston Villa I started quite well, scoring four goals in 10 games. But then, after Tim Sherwood was sacked, Remi Garde came in and told me I wouldn't be playing because they don't use a target man.
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)
'A good old-fashioned spanking!' - Aston Villa fans are delighted after Ipswich Town thrashing
“I didn't play for a while, coming on for just five or ten minutes. It's hard to find your rhythm when that is the case and it was disappointing.”
For a short while at the beginning of that season, Gestede also worked alongside the late Ray Wilkins, who suddenly passed away earlier this month.
Gestede spoke of how saddened they were to hear of the news that devastated the footballing world.
“I didn't know Ray before I signed for Villa, but I got to know them quite quickly as we were in the same hotel together before I found a house in the area,” Gestede added.
They were such a kind person and an absolute gentleman, always so friendly to my wife and kids. They always carried a positive attitude and they had an amazing knowledge of football.
I really enjoyed my time at Villa with Ray and I am very sad to lose such a great person, as they are.”
A man who climbed a huge piece of fracking machinery and refused to come down for ten hours is challenging their sentence on human rights grounds.
Dr Peter Whittick was convicted at Brighton Magistrate's Court following a trial in February.
Dr Whittick on top of the rig
But now the activist and academic is appealing their conviction, arguing that their actions were justified because of their human rights.
Dr Whittick, 53, said at Hove Crown Court today: “I am referring to my right to Freedom of Conscience.
“To take action driven by my belief in the dangers of man made climate change.”
Judge Shani Barnes said: “We are not here to decide whether fracking is in fact dangerous what we are here to decide is if you were in circumstances action responsibility exercising human rights.
The fracking rig that Dr Whittick climbed
“The offence is a very simple and straightforward offence.
“It has nothing to do with fracking.”
Dr Whittick was arrested on September 7, last year, after spending ten hours on an oil rig lorry at Pease Pottage service station.
It was on its way to Lidsey from the Broadford Bridge drill site.
Their magistrate's court trial heard how they were spotted on it at 2.30am but refused to get off it in a bid to delay oil well testing, the court heard.
They were charged with hindering rig owner British Drilling and Freezing Ltd, from carrying out its lawful business.
Sentencing Dr Whittick at the trial, district judge Christopher James, said: “It is clear Dr Whittick is of good character and is a conscientious man, who wanted to attract the attention of the press to make an end to fracking, but this is not a defence. The driver was not able to continue their job for ten hours, making their total working day 21 hours. “There was no evidence the vehicle was unroadworthy and there was nothing unlawful about the driving. “It is clear Dr Whittick's actions hindered the vehicle from carrying out its lawful business. “What they did was unreasonable and unlawful and they are guilty of the offence charged.”
Dr Whittick's appeal will continue today and tomorrow at Hove Crown Court.
The case continues.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
PARIS: Even as cancer treatment improves and survival rates go up, so too does the number of people afflicted with the deadly disease, experts said.
The 14 million new cancer cases worldwide recorded in 2012 will balloon to 24 million within two decades, outstripping the increase in global population, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
All forms of cancer combined claimed 8.8 million lives in 2015, making it the second leading cause of death after heart disease.
“We know how to help avoid it, and to detect it. We're getting better at treating it. But overall, we're not making real headway in the fight against cancer,” said Christophe Leroux, head of communications for France's League Against Cancer.
Several factors account for the disease's growing prevalence.
One is ageing populations, especially in developed nations and China, where a one-child-per-family policy in force for more than 30 years created a top-heavy age pyramid.
Cancer risk increases with age.
There is also a long list of lifestyle habits linked to cancer, with tobacco consumption at the top. Other risk factors —all of them increasing—include eating poorly, lack of exercise, drinking alcohol, and obesity.
Cancer-causing infections such as hepatitis and the human papilloma virus (HPV) account for a quarter of cancer cases, mostly in low- and middle-income countries.
Another risk is exposure to carcinogenic industrial pollutants, including asbestos, organic pollutants such as dioxins, heavy metals and small air particles that lodge in the lungs.
Unequal access
Despite the growing challenges, five-year survival rates for most cancers have improved—sometimes significantly—since 2000, according to a study published last week in medical journal The Lancet that reviewed 37.5 million cancer cases between 2000 and 2014.
But large disparities between societies remain, depending on level of development and differences in health case systems.
For children with brain tumors, for example, five-year survival has improved across the board from 54 percent for the period 2000-2004, to more than 60 percent for 2010-2014. In the United States, Denmark, Sweden and Slovakia, the survival rate progressed to 80 percent or better.
In Mexico and Brazil, however, less than 40 percent of children diagnosed with brain tumors survived in the 2010-2014 period.
Breast cancer rates also improved across the board, even as disparities remained.
Five-year survival rates for 2010-2014 in the US and Australia were 90 percent. In western and eastern Europe, the rate improved to 85 and 71 percent, respectively.
“If we want fewer deaths from cancer, there are two ways: first, better prevention, and second, improving outcomes,” co-author Michel Coleman, an epidemiologist a researcher at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said.
Cancer is also a costly disease, both for health care systems of for society at large.
Globally, the total annual economic cost of cancer exceeds a trillion dollars, according the WHO.
Much of that burden falls on developing nations.
Lost productivity due to premature cancer deaths in five emerging economies — India, China, Brazil, South Africa and Russia — was more than $46 billion (37 billion euros) in 2012, according a study released this week by the UN's International Agency for Research on Cancer.
There was excitement at London Luton Airport, as easyJet's very first LEAP-1A powered A320neo “quieter aircraft” flew in to land.
The new plane touched down in Luton yesterday (June 14) at about 5.45pm, having flown over from Toulouse, France, where a ceremony attended by Carolyn McCall, easyJet CEO, Fabrice Bregier, president of Airbus Commercial Aircraft and Airbus COO, and Gaël Méheust, CFM international CEO, took place.
easyJet CEO Carolyn McCall
Compared to previous aircraft, the NEO brings the town significant environmental and operational benefits – up to 15 per cent saving in fuel burn and CO2 emissions, and a reduced noise footprint of 50 per cent on take-off and landing phase.
It even has a special livery in celebration and was created for easyJet by Airbus, Toulouse, who design and manufacture aircraft.
Carolyn McCall, easyJet CEO, said: “We strive to reduce our carbon and noise impact on the environment and local communities.
“By using modern Airbus aircraft and flying them efficiently we have reduced the carbon impact of our flights by a third since 2000.”
However, Andrew Lambourne from environmental campaign group, LADACAN, questioned the news.
They said: “We welcome this long-awaited step, but let's remember that we were promised quieter aircraft hand-in-hand with significant expansion.
“Let's hear details of measures to attract quieter planes to Luton by way of reduced landing fees for quieter types and increased fees for noisier types, and let's have some visibility of aggressive targets to achieve an increasing percentage of quieter aircraft .
“Meanwhile, we are still calling on the airport operators to tighten noise controls, raising noisy flight penaties.”
But Carolyn was proud to announce that easyJet is Europe's largest customer for the NEO, adding:“With the addition of the A320neo and A321neo to the future easyJet fleet and with further planned efficiency improvements, easyJet has now set itself a tougher carbon emissions target of 72 grams by 2022.
“This is a 10 per cent reduction from today's performance and a 38 per cent improvement from 2000.
“With 130 NEO aircraft on order we are also Europe's largest customer for this revolutionary new plane and really looking forward to operating the NEO and realising its cost, customer, carbon and noise benefits.”
Neil Thompson, London Luton Airport's operations director, said: “Our airline partners are already operating some of the newest and quietest aircraft in the skies and we're delighted they are now introducing even quieter planes, earlier than anticipated.
“Working constructively with all of our partners and local communities we have the toughest noise control measures of any major UK airport and we look forward to the arrival of more of these quieter planes in the coming years.”
The easyJet A320neo has a 186 seat layout, and is powered by CFM LEAP-1A engines.
Based at London Luton Airport, it will start operating commercial flights on June 16 to Amsterdam, Madrid and Edinburgh.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The Department of Veterans Affairs on Wednesday shelved a proposal that would have cut the Individual Unemployability benefit for elderly and disabled veterans.
"To withdraw this benefit from people who rely on that money would be very difficult to do," VA Secretary Dr. David Shulkin said at a Senate Veterans Affairs Committee hearing.
Shulkin said that the proposal to cut IU came from an effort to make more efficient use of department funding, but it soon "became clear that this would be hurting some veterans, and I'm really concerned about that. I'm not going to pursue policies that hurt veterans."
The proposal to cut the benefit, which VA officials said averages about $1,600 a month, to about 330,000 veterans provoked furious opposition from those receiving it and from veterans service organizations.
Related content:
The American Legion applauded "Secretary Shulkin's reversal on cutting funds" for the benefit.
"Since the president's FY-18 Department of Veterans Affairs budget request was submitted, we have been inundated with calls by veterans and family members who expressed alarm over the proposed cuts to their benefits and livelihoods," Legion National Commander Charles E. Schmidt said in a statement.
-- Richard Sisk can be reached at Richard.Sisk@Military.com.
Related Video:
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Trump moves to tighten up on H1-B skilled visa programme
Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years.
Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years. Danielle Ford
I WAS amused recently to read an article by a Queensland police officer that mentioned how important a screwdriver was in their day-to-day work.
You might think a screwdriver to be a fairly unusual piece of police equipment, but they said it was an essential tool - for removing number plates from the many unregistered cars they stop.
If you didn't know, the Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years. The technology is astounding. Every shift, rain, hail or shine, they read hundreds of number plates and check them against the registration records.
When a suspect vehicle is detected, an alarm sounds, and the officer pulls it over for a detailed inspection.
They can also detect stolen cars and vehicles of interest, such as those involved in crimes. They can even tell if the number plates are fitted to the wrong vehicle.
The Department of Transport and Main Roads has some fixed cameras as well, but in their case the mail carrier delivers the bad news.
So, if you're driving an unregistered car, luck no longer plays a part - it's only a matter of time before the technology catches you out.
Christchurch's multi-million dollar Taiora QEII sports facility has officially opened this afternoon.
The $38 million project began in January last year with the hopes of being open for Queen's Birthday Weekend.
Attractions include lane and leisure pools, a hydro slide, lazy river, cafe and gym.
Mayor of Christchurch Lianne Dalziel told 1 NEWS "it's a fantastic facility" and the kids will definitely appreciate it.
Operations manager, Nigel Cox, says they're expecting thousands of people this afternoon and will be open late to cater for the masses.
Police have helped to secure a Melbourne Commonwealth Bank discovered apparently unlocked on New Year's Day.
The Hampshire Rd, Sunshine branch was closed for business but somehow wide open as one passing customer observed on Sunday afternoon.
Video of the unusually accessible facility has emerged on social media.
"A woman using an ATM at the Hampshire Rd bank advised that a door to the bank was open. Police attended and waited until someone arrived to secure the bank," a Victoria Police spokesperson said.
"It's not believed at this time that anything was stolen."
A Commonwalth Bank spokesperson said: "We can confirm that was an issue at the Sunshine branch today and that police did attend.
"The branch was quickly secured, nothing was taken. We will, of course, look into the matter."
- news.com.au
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said Sunday the Rome Statute, which founded the International Criminal Court (ICC), was "bulls***" because it was "not prepared by everybody."
The firebrand leader, who, in the past, used foul language toward former US President Barack Obama and Pope Francis, vowed to convince other countries to leave the ICC.
"I said withdraw simply because to announce to the world, and I will convince everybody now who [is] under the treaty: Get out, get out. It is rude," Duterte said in a speech to the country's military academy graduates.
Police have killed more than 4,100 suspected drug pushers and users since Duterte took office in 2016
"It is not a document that was prepared by anybody. It's an EU-sponsored [treaty]," they added.
The Hague-based ICC had announced last month it was launching a preliminary probe into Duterte's brutal crackdown on drugs. Rights groups, both national and international, say the campaign has killed thousands of people.
On Thursday, Manila formally served notice to the UN of its decision to withdraw from the ICC.
Officially leaving the ICC requires a year's notice and would not prevent the international court from prosecuting Duterte, who, human rights activists say, is trying to run from justice.
Read more:
Philippines' Rodrigo Duterte rejects crimes against humanity probe into 'drug war'
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power An outsider Rodrigo Duterte's rise in Philippine politics began in the spring of 2016. They were considered an outsider in the presidential election but they gradually gained popularity due to a radical election campaign that promised to free the Philippines from drugs and corruption.
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power Landslide victory On May 9, 2016, Duterte was elected to the presidency with almost 40 percent of the total votes and a big lead over other candidates. As mayor of Davao, they had transformed the southern city from a mafia-run place into an economically prosperous area. However, human rights activists accuse them of using death squads and brutal force to achieve this goal.
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power A short-tempered president Duterte is known for their sort temper. After coming to power, they threatened to break ties with the EU, the US and Australia. They also publicly insulted foreign leaders like Barack Obama because the former US president labeled Duterte's drug war as inhuman. Duterte also announced that their government would scale down dependence on the US and get closer to China and Russia.
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power A victory over China In July 2016, the Philippines won a lawsuit against China at the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague that rejected Beijing's territorial claims on the South China Sea. China refused to accept the court's ruling. Manila nevertheless celebrated it as a victory but remained cautious in its approach toward China due to its economic interests with Beijing.
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power Drug killings Leila de Lima, a senator and former director of the Philippine Human Rights Commission, has emerged as Duterte's most powerful opponent during their one year in power.  They are leading a senate probe into extra-judicial killings in Duterte's war on drugs.
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power Honoring a 'dictator' One of Duterte's most controversial decisions during their one year in power was to allow the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos' body to be buried in Manila. Marcos had been denied this honor due to massive human rights violations during their reign. Human rights activists and church representatives held demonstrations against Marcos' "hero's burial."
Philippine strongman Rodrigo Duterte completes one year in power Fighting 'Islamic State' In May, militant groups affiliated with the self-styled "Islamic State" (IS) group took control of the southern city of Marawi. Duterte declared Martial Law in Mindanao province and their forces have been trying to recapture the city for weeks. More than 200 people have been killed in the fighting and thousands have fled the town. Author: Thomas Latschan (shs)
'White idiots of the EU'
Duterte, however, insists the ICC has no authority to bring a case against them as the treaty is in violation of domestic laws.
The ICC was part of efforts of "white idiots in the EU" to "atone" for wrongdoings in Africa and the Middle East, they said.
"These people when they went to Africa, they killed the Arabs. … It is really an atonement for their sins. And then they run after either the blacks, when there are so many problems, but they still meddle," the Philippine leader continued.
Should the Philippines fully withdraw from the ICC, it would be the second country after the African nation of Burundi to abandon the court.
Read more:
Will the ICC prosecute Philippine President Duterte?
Philippines Church head urges government to 'stop wasting lives' in drug killings
Amnesty: Indonesia waging its own 'war on drugs'
Watch video 02:07 Share Trump meets Duterte Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2nYJn Donald Trump meets Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte
shs/jlw (AFP, dpa, AP)
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while their sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and their fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Them headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of their duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after their November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
 The New Old Time Chautauqua will visit Sun Lake-Dry Falls State Park and communities in Ferry, Grant and Okanogan counties next month.
Washington State Parks is joining with the country's only traveling chautauqua to bring family fun, educational experiences, food and entertainment to the area...
PITTSBURGH (AP) " Hundreds of fans already have lined up along downtown Pittsburgh streets and in Point State Park for a parade to celebrate the Penguins' Stanley Cup championship.
Planners say as many as 500,000 people could turn out Wednesday, surpassing the 400,000 who attended last year's celebration, which was the biggest for any of the team's five Stanley Cup championships.
The parade route streets will close by 9 a.m. for the 11 a.m. parade. The parade will run along Grant Street and Boulevard of the Allies as it did last year. But this year, it will continue into Point State Park, where players, coaches and other dignitaries will take the stage.
The Penguins won the cup Sunday against the Nashville Predators with a 2-0 win in Game 6.
SANTIAGO Chile's Christian Democrat party voted on Saturday to skip primaries and go straight to the first round of the presidential election in November, rupturing the centre-left governing coalition and likely boosting the chances of a victory for the right.
Delegates at the Christian Democrats' national assembly voted with a 63 percent majority for their party's candidate, 44-year-old Carolina Goic, to compete directly in November's election rather than pitting themselves against other candidates from the Nueva Mayoria coalition.
The Nueva Mayoria, the coalition of ruling President Michelle Bachelet, is an ideologically diverse bloc that runs from radical left Communists to the centrist Christian Democrats and has dominated Chilean politics since the country's 1990 return to democracy.
The bloc's inability to agree on a single candidate gives a clearer run to election frontrunner Sebastian Pinera, a former president who has the backing of most of the more unified right-wing coalition.
The Christian Democrats are one of the country's largest parties, controlling some 16 percent of both houses of Congress.
But a survey last week by poll aggregator Tresquintos showed Pinera with 41 percent of intended votes and Goic with less than 3 percent. The second most popular candidate is Alejandro Guillier, a leftist senator who is relatively new to politics but has a similar political bent to Bachelet and has won over the support of much of the rest of the Nueva Mayoria.
The Christian Democrats "agree on the idea of a centre-left bloc, but not at any price," Goic told the assembly, according to local media. "Comrades, a party on its knees cannot aspire to lead anything," they said.
The Nueva Mayoria has struggled to remain united as differences have opened up within the coalition over approaches to a government reform drive, including changes to the labour code and attempted reform of Chile's strict abortion laws.
(Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by Sam Holmes)
COLOMBO, March 31 A Chinese-backed real estate project near Sri Lanka's main port is expected to attract $13 billion worth of investment from next year, the developer said on Friday.
The $1.4 billion Port City project by China Communication Construction Company (CCCC) started late last year as part of Beijing's ambitious plans to create a modern-day "Silk Road" across Asia.
Liang Thow Ming, chief sales and marketing officer of CHEC Port City Colombo (Pvt) Ltd, the local company that handles the project for CCCC, said a third of the 269-hectare (665-acre) site had been reclaimed from the sea.
"We are hoping to deliver the first site for construction by the end of 2018," Liang told Reuters in an interview in Colombo.
The reclamation was expected to be completed by the end 2019 and the company anticipated $13 billion worth of investment in the form of housing, marinas, health facilities, schools and other developments over the next 30 years, they said.
President Maithripala Sirisena's administration restarted Colombo's new waterfront development - the biggest foreign direct investment in the country - in 2016 after suspending the project because of concerns about overpricing and financial terms.
The new land is being built from the sea in the commercial heart of the capital adjacent to the main port and the historic Galle Face Green.
"We are positioning the port city as a hub to the whole of South Asia ... This is a huge market and a region growing very fast," Liang said.
The government has proposed to ease rules for investors in the project, although no bills have been presented to parliament.
Liang said 50 percent of the land would be allocated for housing, 30 percent for commercial offices and the rest for other activities.
India has objected to some aspects of the development near Colombo port, a major trade route for the South Asian giant.
Sirisena's administration rejected a proposal to give 20 hectares of freehold land to CCCC after India raised concerns. Instead, the Chinese firm was given land only on a 99-year lease. (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Russian Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Gennady Gatilov speaks during a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
UNITED NATIONS Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov called on North Korea on Friday to end its banned nuclear and missile development programs but warned that the use of force against Pyongyang would be "completely unacceptable."
"The combative rhetoric coupled with reckless muscle-flexing has led to a situation where the whole world seriously is now wondering whether there's going to be a war or not," they told the U.N. Security Council. "One ill thought out or misinterpreted step could lead to the most frightening and lamentable consequences."
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols and Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Frances Kerry)
LUSAKA A Zambian court will rule next week on whether to throw out a treason case against the leader of the main opposition party whose lawyers say the charges are ambiguous, a magistrate said on Thursday.
United Party for National Development (UPND) leader Hakainde Hichilema was arrested last week in a police raid on their home and charged with trying to overthrow the government.
Their lawyers asked the court on Wednesday to dismiss the case, saying the charges were not specific.
Magistrate Greenwell Malumani said they needed time to decide whether to dismiss the treason charge and consider other preliminary issues that had been raised by the defence.
"The issues involved are many and complex and therefore I cannot hurriedly make a ruling. I will adjourn the matter to Wednesday, 26th April for ruling on the preliminary issues raised," Malumani said.
Hichilema has been charged with plotting with other people from Oct. 10 last year to April 8 to overthrow the government. The arrest has raised political tension in Zambia, Africa's second-biggest copper producer.
President Edgar Lungu said on Thursday they may consider declaring a state of emergency in some areas after protesters suspected to have been enraged by Hichilema's arrest destroyed public infrastructure.
Some of the destroyed properties include courtrooms and markets, presidential spokesperson Amos Chanda said.
"If people think they will pressure them (the president) into dialogue by engaging in criminal activities, that can never happen," Chanda said.
The Southern African country has traditionally been relatively stable but relations between the government and opposition have been fraught since last August, when Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) party beat the UPND in a presidential election marred by violence.
The opposition says the vote was rigged but Hichilema has so far failed in their legal challenge against the result.
(Reporting by Chris Mfula; Editing by Tom Heneghan and Hugh Lawson)
March 31 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co Ltd
* Says 2016 net profit up 4.9 percent y/y at 53.1 billion yuan ($7.71 billion)
* Says board approves to issue up to 40 billion yuan ($5.81 billion) worth of tier-2 capital instruments by end of 2018
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nHdPGP ; bit.ly/2nDrVai
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8830 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
March 29 Regent Pacific Group Ltd:
* Company and placing agent entered into placing and subscription agreement
* Maximum net proceeds from subscription will be approximately hk$38.48 million
* Placees to purchase up to 100 million placing shares at placing price of hk$0.405 per placing share
* Net proceeds will be used to fund new drug application process with fda, and continued commercial manufacturing scale up of fortacintm Source text (bit.ly/2nvE2q8) Further company coverage:
* TSX up 79.66 points, or 0.51 percent, to 15,586.13
* Nine of the TSX's 10 main groups were up
By Solarina Ho
TORONTO, April 28 Canada's main stock index rose on Friday as banks and mining companies, heavyweights on the index, rebounded from the previous day's slump.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index rose 79.66 points, or 0.51 percent, to 15,586.13. The index eked out a small 0.2 percent gain on the week.
Of the index's 10 main groups, all but industrials, which fell 0.1 percent, gained during the session.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, ended 1.9 percent higher.
"They've been weak all week. Principally, they're a little bit better when the GDP came out in the United States," said John Ing, president of Maison Placements Canada. "That alleviates any pressure on rates so that caused that group to be a little bit better."
Economic data showed the U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years during the first quarter.
Gold miner Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd led the group's gains, soaring 10.5 percent to C$65.25 after the company beat profit and revenue estimates and raised its production forecast after markets closed on Thursday. Detour Gold Corp also surged, jumping 13.5 percent to C$17.25 after reporting positive quarterly results.
The financials group was heavily traded on Friday but only saw a 0.3 percent gain after taking a 1.7 percent hit the day before over jitters that mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc's woes could spill into the broader sector.
Thomson Reuters Corp shares rose 4.0 percent to C$62.03 after the company's reported higher than expected first-quarter results and reaffirmed its outlook amid improving results across its businesses.
The most influential stock on the index was Suncor Energy Inc, which posted a profit beat this week and said it planned to buy back shares. The country's largest oil and gas producer rose 2.5 percent to C$42.78. The overall energy group climbed 0.8 percent.
On the domestic data front, the Canadian economy stalled in February after a healthy start to the year but is still on track to meet and possibly exceed the Bank of Canada's forecast for first-quarter annualized growth, analysts said.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the TSX by 166 to 79, for a 2.10-to-1 ratio on the upside.
The index was posting 16 52-week highs and one new low. (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Bill Trott)
LONDON The chief executive of BlackRock (BLK.N), the world's biggest asset manager, said on Wednesday the firm was in the "best position it's ever been in" and second-quarter flows remained "quite strong".
BlackRock earlier reported a 31 percent jump in quarterly profit and Larry Fink said they were particularly pleased about the broad-based nature of demand, with net inflows across all product areas, client types and regions.
While second-quarter flows into BlackRock's funds were positive, investors were now looking for company earnings to justify further stock market gains, they told Bloomberg TV.
Fink also said the firm was looking at three or four tech-related acquisitions, without giving details.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop and Maiya Keidan; editing by Carolyn Cohn)
Joe Schmidt has ordered Ireland not to rely on Johnny Sexton to dig them out of trouble again in the NatWest 6 Nations.
Head coach Schmidt admitted they will drum home the message that Ireland cannot afford to let Test matches slip away, after Sexton's last-ditch drop-goal
stole a 15-13 win over France in Paris.
France caught Ireland cold with Teddy Thomas' converted try edging Les Bleus into a late 13-12 lead, only for Sexton's added-time drop-goal to
save the day.
Ireland ploughed through close to 40 phases before Sexton dropped the winning goal, and while Schmidt hailed their talisman's nerves of steel, they
conceded their side can ill afford to leave victories so late in future.
"We can't leave matches in the balance," said Schmidt.
"You've got to make the most of the advantages and get the points you need.
"One freakish event, and one freakishly good player in Thomas and their try can undo all that hard work.
"That's something we're disappointed with and we've got to do something to make sure that doesn't happen next week, and for the following weeks
of the championship."
New signing Jake Jervis has been brought in give Town's front-line the burst of pace they require, according to boss Nathan Jones.
Since the fleet-footed Isaac Vassell left for Birmingham City earlier in the season, Luton have been short of that genuine speed in the central striker area, but that has now been rectified by Jones, with the purchase of the 26-year-old for an undisclosed fee.
On how they were going to utilise Jervis in their Town side, Jones said: “He's come here as a striker, we need that pace.
“He's here to replace the pace we lost in Vassell, that type of over the top, dynamic pace that stretches people, because we like to play, but we have to have threats coming from everywhere.
“He adds size to the squad too, he's six foot three, we've recruited specific ones for specific things.
“We wouldn't have signed a five foot eight rapid players. We had the opportunity to do that, but we've signed someone who gives us a little bit more potency and emphasis in attack.
“Even though (Harry) Cornick comes on and adds a different type of pace and energetic threat, Jake's slightly different and they give us that, we need that, how we play.
“We tracked them for a long time, we spoke to them in the summer, but they stayed with Plymouth, but he's one that's been on our radar and when the opportunity came, we took it.”
It's something that Jervis, who scored 13 goals in 49 games as the Pilgrims won promotion from League Two last season, following on from their tally of 14 the previous campaign, believes is their best asset too.
They said: “I can play upfront or out wide, I look to use my pace to spin in behind, be a threat that way and get shots off when I can.
“What I look to do is peel off the shoulder, I can still come to feet when the ball is on the floor and then when it's in the air, in behind, I like to use my pace.”
After joining on Wednesday with fellow deadline day additions Lloyd Jones and Flynn Downes, Jervis has settled in well with their new team-mates and had been impressed with the quality of training too.
They continued: “It's good, obviously there's a lot of people to introduce yourself to and you get a lot of names thrown at you, but it was good to get out there, a good tempo in training, so I enjoyed it.
“Some of the players I just knew of through other people but no-one directly, and it was more of getting to know everyone fully.”
Jervis will now be looking to make an immediate debut against fellow promotion rivals Exeter City this afternoon, as on the clash with the Grecians, they added: "Every game is a big game now.
"If we treat it that way, but also without putting too much emphasis on the game and pressure on the boys, then I think we can go on and do good things."
São Paulo May 2 Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA has seen "great activity" in sales campaigns for its commercial aircraft in the United States and elsewhere, Chief Executive Paulo Cesar Silva told analysts on a Tuesday earnings call.
Silva also said they were "very confident" that Embraer would get its first order from outside Latin America this year for the KC-390 military cargo jet currently in development. (Reporting by Brad Haynes)
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's main stock index rose in early trading on Thursday, as Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd jumped on an earnings beat and banks and many other financial stocks also gained.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 47.13 points, or 0.30 percent, at 15,600.01 shortly after the open. Nine of its 10 main groups gained. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 13 Infosys Ltd, India's second-biggest software services exporter, reported a slightly higher-than-expected fourth-quarter profit as the company added more clients in the $100 million-plus category.
Consolidated net profit for the Bengaluru-based company rose 0.2 percent to 36.03 billion rupees ($557.01 million) in the quarter, while revenue grew 3.4 percent to 171.20 billion rupees. (bit.ly/2oupjxB)
Analysts, on average, had expected Q4 consolidated profit of 35.67 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The company, in the spotlight recently due to differences between founders and board members over governance issues, has beaten analysts' profit estimates in seven of the last nine quarters. ($1 = 64.6850 Indian rupees) (Reporting By Arnab Paul in Bengaluru; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
March 31 TECNOTREE OYJ:
* Q4 NET SALES WERE EUR 14.7 (24.6) MILLION
* Q4 ADJUSTED OPERATING RESULT FOR QUARTER WAS EUR 0.8 (6.4) MILLION
* COMPANY CONTINUES TO BE FINANCIALLY CONSTRAINED AND LIQUIDITY WILL REMAIN TIGHT IN 2017
* BOARD PROPOSES NO DIVIDEND BE PAID FOR FINANCIAL PERIOD ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2016
* TECNOTREE WILL PLAN TO FURTHER REDUCE OPERATING EXPENSES IN 2017 TO TUNE OF AN ADDITIONAL 5 MILLION EUR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's Tsingtao Brewery Co posted its steepest annual net profit decline in two decades on Thursday after a second successive year of declining returns amid rising costs, weak consumption and tough competition.
The brewer, China's second-largest by volume, said in a stock exchange filing that 2016 net profit fell by 39.1 percent to 1.04 billion yuan ($151 million). That compared with an average forecast of an 8.3 percent fall in a Reuters poll of 19 analysts.
China's beer market is the world's largest, but profits are slim because of the thin margins on the light beer preferred by Chinese consumers. However, a push into premium beers, including the nascent but fast-growing craft beer market, offers the promise of frothier returns.
"The overall consumption market was still weak," Tsingtao said in a filing to the Shanghai stock exchange, pointing to stagnant growth in mid to high-end catering and unusually poor weather hitting demand for beer.
The brewer said that profit was also weighed down by expiration of a preferential tax rate.
Having flagged the likely drop in full-year net profit earlier in the month, the company reported revenue down 5.5 percent at 26.1 billion yuan, slightly below forecasts.
China Resources Beer Holdings Co, Tsingtao's main domestic rival and owner of the popular Snow beer brand, this month reported its first annual profit in three years. ($1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by David Goodman)
March 31 Innova Gaming Group Inc
* Innova's special committee launches strategic review process
* Innova gaming group inc says special committee is comprised of paul van eyk and edward stanek, each an independent director of company
* Has engaged in discussions with Pollard Banknote, both directly and indirectly through their respective financial advisors
* Special committee has invited Pollard Banknote to participate in strategic review process
* Innova Gaming Group Inc says "special committee has determined that it is in best interests of innova to proceed with strategic review process"
* special committee determined that pollard banknote was not prepared to improve its proposal sufficiently for committee to recommend deal
* strategic alternative transactions including soliciting expressions of interest regarding acquisition of all of common shares of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Two men have been questioned by police in connection with an aggravated burglary in Irvinestown early this morning, Tuesday 24 April.
Detective Constable Watterson said: “At around 2.30am officers were approached in the street by a man in their 60s who reported being assaulted by a burglar in their Castle Street home.
"The man had been asleep in their living room at around 2am when they were awoken by an unknown male.
"This male threatened the victim and punched them several times to the head demanding money. The intruder then made off from the property with a sum of cash.
"It's understood a second man had waited outside the property throughout."
Two men were detained a short distance away and the pair, both in their thirties, have since been questioned and released on bail pending further enquiries.
Police are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information about this crime to get in touch with detectives by calling 101, quoting reference number 131 24/04/18.”
REFILE - CLARIFYING CURRENCY U.S. dollar and Euro notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. Picture taken November 7. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
NEW YORK The euro held near a three-week high against the U.S. dollar on Thursday as some traders shut down broad bets against the common currency ahead of the first round of the French presidential elections on Sunday.
The dollar shook off early weakness to trade little changed against a basket of major currencies as the latest data on domestic jobless claims and business activity in the mid-Atlantic region did not change traders' views of modest U.S. economic growth and low inflation.
Traders were taking their cues from polls showing French centrist Emmanuel Macron easily beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the second round two weeks later, analysts said.
"Markets are banking on (Macron's) ability to drive the country out of its misery," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst for Think Markets in London.
Pollsters forecast the most likely outcome of the first round is that Macron will go head-to-head against Le Pen in the May 7 second round.
"Euro bulls will definitely respond to positive news around Macron, but that dissipates as the reality of low turnouts sets in," said Alfonso Esparza, senior currency analyst at OANDA in Toronto.
"Everybody remembers the Brexit polls and even the U.S. election polls. After those misses it is going to take a lot to make the markets trust them again."
The euro was up 0.09 percent against the dollar at $1.0719 after hitting a three-week high of $1.0777 earlier in the session.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, has fallen in recent weeks on weaker-than-expected economic data and worries about the Trump administration's ability to get tax and fiscal legislation passed.
The dollar index, was up 0.06 percent at 99.796, after hitting a more than three-week low of 99.374 earlier in the session.
The greenback was pressured this week by a resurgent sterling after British Prime Minister Theresa May called an early general election ahead of Brexit negotiations. Sterling was up 0.29 percent at $1.2814.
Meanwhile, commodity currencies, including the Aussie and the New Zealand dollars recovered ground against the greenback. Canada's dollar steadied after falling on Wednesday amid weakness in commodity markets.
Oil prices ended mixed after steep losses the previous session, as investors weighed rising U.S. production against geopolitical uncertainties and comments from leading Gulf oil producers that an extension to OPEC-led supply cuts was likely.
(Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Cynthia Osterman)
DAMASCUS - The Syrian government plans to recover an opposition-held pocket north of Homs city soon after it completes surrender deals with armed groups around the capital Damascus, a Syrian government minister said on Tuesday.
Having taken back the largest rebel-held area near Damascus, eastern Ghouta, in early April, the Syrian army and allied forces are close to recover the remaining few pockets around the capital.
Pro-government forces are bombarding a jihadist enclave in south Damascus where ISIS holds a pocket next to one held by rebel factions.In recent days, rebels in two other enclaves northeast of Damascus, Dumair and east Qalamoun, surrendered and agreed to be transferred by bus to opposition territory in northern Syria.The Syrian army and its allies have for years employed siege and bombardment tactics to force rebels to surrender their enclaves and agree to be transferred to opposition territory in northern Syria.Ali Haidar, the Syrian minister responsible for national reconciliation, told Reuters in an interview the government would focus on recovering an opposition-held pocket north of the city of Homs after securing the areas around Damascus."The issue will not be a long time coming after the final resolution in Qalamoun," Haidar said.Haidar said the government had for a while been dropping leaflets and communicating with rebels in the opposition-held towns of Rastan, Talbiseh and Houla in northern Homs province."Today there is serious work in that area," they said."Armed groups wait to feel the seriousness and determination of the state's military action before they approach serious discussion of a reconciliation agreement."Haidar said such reconciliation deals are also on offer to rebels in southern Syria, where a de-escalation zone was agreed by the United States and Russia last year."The options are open: full reconciliation or military action where necessary."But they indicated that retaking areas around Damascus and Homs - the last rebel areas entirely besieged by the government - were the immediate priorities.On Friday, state media said insurgents had surrendered in the south Damascus enclave, which includes the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp , Hajar al-Aswad district and neighbouing areas. But pro-Syrian government forces were still bombarding the area by Tuesday.Haidar said the militants had subsequently refused the deal and the military option was now being used.On Tuesday Syrian state media showed footage of smoke rising from the Hajar al-Aswad area south of Damascus and said the bombardment was targeting militant positions.
It's time to check your fridges. Sargento Foods Inc. has just issued a massive recall of seven cheeses due to a potential contamination from listeria monocytogenes. The company confirms no illnesses have been reported yet.
Listeriosis is a serious infection contracted by eating food contaminated with bacteria. An estimated 1,600 people get infected each year—and about 260 dice. The bacteria are most harmful to pregnant women, newborns, adults aged 65 or older, and people with weakened immune systems.
Sargento is continuing to closely monitor and gather information from their supplier, based in Middlebury, Ind. The supplier reportedly notified Sargento Food Inc. that a specialty Longhorn Colby cheese it supplied had potentially been contaminated and needed to be recalled.
The company continues to respond to their consumers and provide reimbursements. If you purchased cheese, you can call 1-800-CHEESES or email the company via the Contact page on their website.
The recalled products include:
– Sargento Ultra Thin Slice Longhorn Colby
– Sargento Chef Blends Shredded Nacho & Taco Cheese
– Sargento Slice Colby-Jack Cheese
– Sargento Slice Pepper Jack Cheese
– Sargento Chef Blends Shredded Taco Cheese
– Sargento Off The Block Shredded Fine Cut Colby-Jack Cheese
– Sargento Off the Block Shredded Fine Cut Cheddar Jack Cheese
No other Sargento branded products were affected by this recall.
Please share this information with your family and friends.
AUSTIN, Texas A man enrolled at the University of Texas went on a stabbing spree with a large hunting knife at the school's Austin campus on Monday, killing one student and wounding three others also believed to be students, police said.
The suspect, identified as Kendrex White, was apprehended about two minutes after campus police received reports of the attack on the school's main grounds. White was being questioned by police and formal charges related to the attack were likely to come later.
"I don't know what their motivation is," University of Texas at Austin Police Chief David Carter told a news conference.
White has been booked by Austin police on a single charge that was not listed in online jail records.
All the victims were found in about a one-block area and were men aged 20 or 21, police said. Their names have not been released.
"There are no words to describe my sense of loss," University President Greg Fenves told the news conference.
The person killed was found dead at the scene, Austin-Travis County EMS Captain Rick Rutledge said in a telephone interview.
The university cancelled classes for the day.
“Our prayers go out to all those affected by today's tragic events,” Texas Governor Greg Abbott said in a statement.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by James Dalgleish and Peter Cooney)
Hi-Rez Studios is looking to hire an innovative Senior Generalist Artist to join our Character Art team and work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
At Hi-Rez, you will have an opportunity to be part of an innovative environment that embraces new and different ideas. We are a passionate and enthusiastic bunch who love video games. We have incredibly talented individuals who are empowered to create and challenged to learn. All of this means more opportunities for you to unleash your creativity and dedication.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed games SMITE, Paladins, Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new game projects!
What our Artist does:
Work on the development of a visual style, design and overall look of any project
Create beautiful characters, assets and environments to be rolled out into the game
Collaborate with concept artists and team members to create exceptional art assets that also fulfill gameplay needs.
Develop visual concepts and ideas.
Involve yourself with the look and feel of further projects including animation, visual effects, marketing and community building.
Support team in game design
Who we are looking for:
A minimum of 5 years experience in game development specializing in either character or environment concept art
Superior eye for light, value, composition, color, staging, and detail in visual design
Capable of independently creating concept sketches and final renderings/ tweaks and animation
Proven experience with 3D software e.g. Maya / 3DS Max
Experience with Adobe Photoshop and Flash
Demonstrate pride and responsibility in your work when given the freedom to work independently
Demonstrate modesty and respect when receiving feedback from your team
Strong communication skills to discuss artistic decisions and to integrate feedback into artwork.
Appreciation of User Interface design and its impact.
Preferred candidates have:
March 30 Science Applications International Corp
* SAIC announces fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017 results
* Q4 earnings per share $0.79
* Q4 revenue $1.0 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.09 billion
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.78 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Science Applications International Corp - net bookings for quarter were approximately $0.8 billion, which reflects a book-to-bill ratio of approximately 0.8
* Science Applications International- estimated backlog of signed business orders at end of fiscal 2017 was about $8.0 billion of which $1.8 billion was funded
* Science Applications International Corp qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.79 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MILAN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Italian private equity fund Investindustrial is set to gain a controlling stake in British carmaker Aston Martin by the end of the year and aims to list the company next summer, Il Messaggero newspaper reported on Sunday.
Investindustrial is in advanced negotiations to raise its stake in the maker of the famous sports car driven by fictional secret agent James Bond to 50 percent from 37.5 percent, the Italian newspaper reported, citing legal sources.
The fund, which is led by founder Andrea Bonomi, would buy shares from other stakeholders, including a consortium of Kuwaiti investors, which currently holds 54.5 percent, Daimler and the group's management, the report said.
Aston Martin Chief Executive Andy Palmer has repeatedly said that the decision and the timing of an IPO were matters for the shareholders but that it made sense for them to consider the option before the end of the company's turnaround plan, which is due to complete in 2022.
Based on the recent financial results achieved by Aston Martin, the banks that would be involved in the initial public offering (IPO) are aiming for a listing of 5 billion euros, five times the value of the company when Investindustrial bought into it five years ago, the report said.
Aston Martin is on course to post its first annual pre-tax profit since 2010 helped by strong demand for the luxury automaker's DB11 sports car.
NEW YORK CITY (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Advertisement
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of their company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by business person Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like "Pulp Fiction." After finding success with Oscar winners "The Artist" and "The King's Speech," the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie "Paddington 2" to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
New Zealand Defence Force personnel load sandbags as they prepare for floodwaters in the wake of Cyclone Debbie in Whanganui, New Zealand, April 5, 2017. New Zealand Defence Force/Naomi James/Handout via REUTERS
New Zealand Defence Force personnel prepare for floodwaters in the wake of Cyclone Debbie in Whanganui, New Zealand, April 5, 2017. New Zealand Defence Force/Chad Sharman/Handout via REUTERS
A landslide caused by rains from Cyclone Debbie is shoveled off the main road between Napier and Taupo on New Zealand's North Island, April 5, 2017. SNPA/Sarah Lord/via REUTERS
WELLINGTON Widespread flooding on Wednesday blocked roads, closed schools, diverted flights and forced hundreds of people to evacuate across New Zealand's North Island, as the tail-end of powerful Cyclone Debbie brought intense rainfall.
A week after the storm system left a trail of destruction in Australia, a state of emergency was declared in two New Zealand cities as river levels rose amid record rainfall. In Auckland, the area's biggest city, about 10,000 homes were without power.
No deaths have been reported, but authorities warned peak rainfall set to arrive late on Wednesday could bring as much as three month's worth of rain by day's end in some areas.
That spurs a threat of flash flooding in areas still recovering from a devastating earthquake in November.
"There is definitely more heavy rain to come, and a risk of thunderstorms and very strong wind gusts," MetService meteorologist Peter Little told Fairfax news. "There's even a small possibility of a tornado."
Wild weather forced the suspension of flights at Wellington Airport, diverting, delaying or cancelling a dozen scheduled planes, while Christchurch and Auckland airports also suffered some delays and cancellations.
New Zealand's mountainous terrain makes its roads susceptible to landslides and many regions are still recovering from November's 7.8-magnitude quake.
Cyclone Debbie, a category four storm, one short of the most powerful level five, pounded Australia's Queensland state last week, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines, shutting down coal mines and killing six people.
In Australia the disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state. About 20,000 homes were still without power on Tuesday, as flood waters continued to rise in some areas.
Authorities urged residents of Rockhampton, in central Queensland, to seek higher ground as the rising Fitzroy River approaches a peak forecast for Thursday. Australian insurers have declared the event a catastrophe, with state officials saying recovery and repairs will take months.
(Editing by Andrew Roche and Clarence Fernandez)
Stafford Global: Bringing the University to You Since 1993
Education Free Zone, Ras Al Khaimah Free Zone Authority, United Arab Emirates
People who attend our open days or webinars are exposed to some of the most pressing questions about pursing an online or distance learning program. Speak to an academic or an admission expertONLINE or at our OPEN DAYS in Dubai, UAE to learn more about how Stafford can cater to all your educational requirements.
Who is invited: Allworking professionals looking to enhance their qualification and upgrade their careers.
Open Day (prior registration recommended avoiding delays and disappointment)
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
5th May 2018
Novotel Hotel, Barsha– Valet Parking available
10 am to 3 pm
If you choose to attend one of the above open days, please bring along your CV and certificate and mark sheets to get a free CV review and assessment to check your eligibility for available undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Our partners:
University of Leicester
University of Northampton
University of Nottingham
University of Dundee
Edinburgh Napier University
To register for one of the above events, please visit ourevents page on our blog.
Alternatively, speak to a consultant directlyby requesting a call back.
Media Contact: info@staffordglobal.org / marketing@staffordglobal.org
website: https://blog.staffordglobal.org/events/open-day-uk-university-distance-learning-programmes-dubai
ZURICH, March 31 Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General (OAG) expressed frustration over the apparent decision by Dutch authorities not to inform it in advance about raids tied to suspected tax evasion, the OAG said on Friday.
"The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland is disconcerted about the manner in which this has been organized with the conscious non-inclusion of Switzerland... The attorney general expects a written explanation from the relevant leading Dutch authorities and is examining further actions," the OAG said in an emailed statement.
Earlier, Dutch prosecutors said they had launched an international hunt for people seeking to hide assets and evade taxes after receiving a tip-off about undisclosed accounts at a Swiss bank.
Credit Suisse said separately that authorities looking into client tax matters had visited its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam and it was cooperating with them.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, Editing by Michael Shields)
April 12 Yamada Denki Co Ltd:
* Says it will fully acquire Best Denki Co Ltd through stock swap effective July 1
* For the stock swap, one share of Best Denki's stoke will be exchanged for 0.28 shares of Yamada Denki's stoke
* 22,835,807 shares of Best Denki's stock will be exchanged
* Best Denki will be delisted from Tokyo Stock Exchange and Fukuoka Stock Exchange effective June 28 (last trading date will be June 27)
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/FM8BFK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BANGKOK (AP) — A Thai court of appeals has dismissed criminal defamation charges against a British labor rights activist who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory.
Andy Hall's protracted legal battle stemmed from a 2013 report they researched for Finnish consumer organization Finnwatch that alleged labor abuses at Natural Fruit's pineapple canning operation. It employed migrant workers from Myanmar who said the company abused them and broke labor regulations.
Sunya Joongdee, a lawyer for Hall, said Thursday's court ruling dismissed the criminal defamation case, which also resulted in the collapse of a related computer crime case.
They say the court accepted that Hall's interviews with migrant workers revealed information that should be made public.
April 10 Pick N Pay Stores Ltd
* FY headline earnings per share (HEPS) will increase between 15% and 20% on prior year
* FY diluted HEPS will increase between 15% and 20% to be between 252.89 - 263.88 centsper share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Friday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases basket of goods used to calculate inflation in 2018 (0900 GMT) and January flash CPI and HICP data (1000 GMT).
COMPANIES
FIAT CHRYSLER
Italy car sales rose 3.36 pct in January while Fiat's market share was 28.5 percent.
FERRARI
Sportscar maker Ferrari is looking to double core earnings to 2 billion euros by no later than 2022 and become debt free a year earlier, betting on firm demand for supercars and new launches, including hybrids and a SUV.
(*) INTESA SANPAOLO China's CEFC is in talks with Intesa Sanpaolo to buy a stake in its soured loan unit, Il Sole 24 Ore said. The paper said the talks are running in parallel with those between Scandinavian debt collector Intrum Justitia and Intesa, it said.
(*) CREDITO VALTELLINESE
The lender has raised the amount of bad loans it wants to sell by June to 2.2 billion euros, Il Messaggero said. Algebris and Bain will buy about 600 million euros of doubtful loans while Algebris will also take part in the bank's planned 700 million euro cash call. The CET1 ratio end 2017 should be more than 10 percent, the paper said.
FINCANTIERI
The French Finance minister said on Thursday the alliance between Naval Group and Fincantieri would yield concrete industrial projects.
LEONARDO
The Italian Industry Minister said Leonardo will remain part of Fincantieri naval group.
(*) SIAS, ASTM
The companies said that jointly controlled EcoRodovias signed an agreement to buy Brazil's MGO for 600 million brazilian reals.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
Gypsy Wagon 'Chasing' Deirdre, Glendalough, County Wicklow, Ireland
Media Contact
Leland Thomas Faegre
***@aol.com Leland Thomas Faegre
End
-- On Top Of a Cloud is pleased to announce the placement of "" toa compilation CD of various artists from Ameritz Music LTD, a Distributiion Partner ofon theLabel.publishes works from a huge range of artists based around the globe covering a wide variety of genres. [They] own the publishing rights for thousands of works which receive around 50 Million streams a month.Composer and Founder, Leland Thomas Faegre was delighted with the placements by Ameritz:"I wroteon awhile living in Ireland in 1986-87. For the most part unknown as the historical origin of Celtic culture, Galatia 278-25 BCE came into existence when the territory was given to the two groups of Gauls by King Nicomedes I of Bithynia. It was perhaps my most prolific period [initial tracks forwere recorded there] being immersed in the environment of Celtic culture and imagery. But it was not until Christmas Eve 1989 that I first digitally recorded the basic tracks which have changed very little from their original parts."Faegre continued,developed along the harmonic structure of the introduction of the track. The vi ii IV chord pattern established in the introduction creates the architecture for the production, and the instrumentation was selected to reflect the cultural imagery of gypsies that I had witnessed while living in Ireland."Ameritz was founded in the backstreets of Liverpool during the mid 90's and is still as committed as ever to innovating and cultivating music for the digital music market. wcj The Ameritz store originally opened on Smithdown Road in Liverpool supplying backing tracks on cassette tape, to singers from Liverpool and elsewhere. The company quickly expanded into many other musical genres, and developed a digital music store which pre-dated the iTunes Music Store in the UK.Returning to thecompilation placement, Faegre added:"A modal motif [played by a lap dulcimer and uilleann pipe] provides a platform that made possible a confluence of instruments that also includes medieval or Praetorius bagpipe [named after the 16th century German musicologist, Michael Praetorius], bodhran, castanets, hurdy gurdy and tambourine to musically illustrate the nomadic nature of Galatian tribal history. Violas, Violins, low whistle, drums and bass complete the palette of this production."Now a fully digital operation [Ameritz] has "engaged fans from around the globe to now boast over 50 million streams per month [working] with hundreds of artists and labels to fully exploit their recording and publishing rights globally.Ameritz now manages many aspects of the music industry for [their] artists, from recorded music and publishing, to large scale events and merchandise., an independent artist and repertoire (A&R) firm that acts as a casting agent to the labels and Hollywood studios, describes "":"Gypsies of Galatia" is available from iTunes, Amazon and many other fine stores:AboutOn Top Of a Cloud, LLC is a KTHO Broadcast Partner, Music Publisher, Record Label and Recording facility located in Lake Tahoe.For further information visit http://www.ontopofacloud.com/
February 9, 2017; Pebble Beach, CA, USA; Luke Donald hits their tee shot on the third hole during the first round of the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am golf tournament at Pebble Beach Golf Links. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
Former world number one Luke Donald, looking to break through at the RBC Heritage after many close calls, shot a six-under-par 65 that left them two shots off the lead after the opening round in South Carolina on Thursday.
Englishman Donald, who was tied with Canada's Graham DeLaet and American Sam Saunders in second place, made an eagle, five birdies and a bogey to hold the clubhouse lead until Bud Cauley birdied four of the final five holes to grab the outright lead.
"Obviously, I've had a lot of success here in the last eight years, done everything but win," said 39-year-old Donald, who has finished second four times here and third twice in eight starts.
"It would be nice to give myself another chance to try and finally get over that hurdle."
England's Ian Poulter, Ireland's Shane Lowry, New Zealand's Danny Lee and American Russell Henley were among a group of six golfers who were three shots off the lead at the picturesque Harbour Town course on Hilton Head Island.
Donald hit the shot of their round at their 11th hole, the par-five second, when their 209-yard approach from the pine straw got to within three feet, resulting in an eagle putt that brought them to five under.
Donald, whose best result this year is a tie for 17th at the Genesis Open in February and who has fallen to 96th in the rankings, picked up another stroke at the par-five fifth hole before capping their round with four consecutive pars.
Matt Kuchar, fresh off a tie for fourth at the U.S. Masters where their final-round 67 matched the day's lowest score, shot a three-under-par 68 and was tied in 19th place along with South Africa's Branden Grace, twice winner Jim Furyk and twice major winner Martin Kaymer of Germany.
American Furyk, who won here in 2015 but missed last year's RBC Heritage after wrist surgery, pitched in from 85 feet for an eagle at the par-five fifth before mixing two birdies with a bogey on the back nine.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Ken Ferris)
MANILA A Philippine mining group will seek the reversal of policy moves by Environment Minister Regina Lopez to close mines and ban open-pit mining after Congress rejected their appointment.
"We'll ask for a review and reversal of all those adverse orders as soon as the next secretary is appointed," Ronald Recidoro, spokesperson for the Chamber of Mines of the Philippines, told Reuters.
"We feel that those have no legal foundation. There were no proper consultations held. The interests of all stakeholders were not considered."
Philippine lawmakers earlier on Wednesday rejected the appointment of Lopez as environment minister, 10 months into their term in office.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Richard Pullin)
The Global Medical Suction Devices Market expanding rapidly and is expected to grow at a steady CAGR of 4.5% during the forecasted period. The medical suction devices are installed into hospitals for different medical reasons. A medical suction device used in respiratory conditions when secretion of mucous and serum has to be removed from the body.
When the patient is unable to expel serum or mucous out of the body, these devices help them to remove it manually. They are also used during different surgical procedures such as respiratory surgery, delivery of baby, and others. Increasing prevalence of respiratory diseases, increasing birth rate and rapid development in technology drive the growth of the market.
Medical Suction Device Market Major Key players :
ATMOS MedizinTechnik GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), Allied Healthcare (UK), Drive Medical (US), INTEGRA Biosciences AG (Switzerland), Precision Medical, Inc. (US), Siemens Healthcare Private Limited (Germany), Olympus Corporation (Japan), Medico, Inc. (US), SSCOR, Inc. (US), ZOLL Medical Corporation (US), Labconco (US), Amsino International, Inc. (US), Welch Vacuum (US), and Laerdal Medical (Norway)
Get A PDF Sample of Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/546 .
Medical Suction Device Market Regional analysis
The Americas holds the largest share of the Global Medical Suction Device Market owing to the presence of huge number of patient with respiratory diseases, increasing geriatric population, and increasing healthcare expenditure. Europe is the second largest market followed by Asia Pacific due to increasing government support and changing reimbursement policies in Europe. The Asia Pacific region is the fastest growing market owing to the presence of huge patient population, increasing prevalence of the respiratory diseases, high birth rate, and the presence of rapidly developing economies. On the other hand, the Middle East & Africa is expected to have a limited but steady growth over the forecasted period.
Medical Suction Device Market Segmentation
The Global market of Medical Suction Device Market is segmented on the basis of types, applications, suction parts and end users. On the basis of types the market is segmented: electric powered, battery-powered, dual, manual and others.
On the basis of applications, the market is segmented into surgical, research and other. Surgical is further segmented into respiratory diseases, childbirth and others. On the basis of suction parts, it is segmented: vacuum pump, bacterial filter, vacuum gauge, moisture or debris trap, suction catheter and others.
On the basis of end users the market is segmented into homecare, hospital, clinics, and others.
You Can Check Discount for This Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/546 .
Key Questions Answered In This Report:
What will the market size and what will the growth rate be?
What are the key market trends?
What is driving this market?
What are the challenges to market growth?
Who are the key vendors in this market space?
What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?
Some Chapters From Table of Content:
Chapter 1 Report Prologue
Chapter 2 Market Introduction
2.1 Introduction
2.2 Scope Of Study
2.3 Research Objective
2.4 Assumptions & Limitations
2.4.1 Assumptions
2.4.2 Limitations
Chapter 3 Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
Chapter 4 Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restraints
Chapter 5 Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porter's Five Forces Model
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued….
If You Have Report Related Query, Just Ask To Our Experts @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/546 .
The report for the Global Medical Suction Device Market by Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain a deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives a clear picture of the current market scenario which includes past and estimated future market size with respect to value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides detail information about and strategies used by top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for Global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future Office No. 528,
Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road,
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
April 13 Apogee Enterprises Inc:
* Apogee reports record fy17 results
* Q4 earnings per share $0.80
* Q4 revenue $314 million
* Apogee enterprises inc - we expect to drive revenue growth of about 10 percent and deliver earnings of $3.35 to $3.55 per diluted share in 2018
* Apogee enterprises inc - in fy18 expect to drive revenue growth of approximately 10 percent and deliver earnings of $3.35 to $3.55 per diluted share
* Fiscal 2018 gross margin is expected to be approximately 28 percent and operating margin approximately 12.5 percent
* Apogee enterprises inc - fy18 capital expenditures are anticipated to be $50 million to $60 million
* Apogee enterprises inc - expects mid-single digit u.s. Commercial construction market growth in fiscal year 2018
* Fy2018 earnings per share view $3.48, revenue view $1.26 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Everyone has something to sale or is interested in buying products. No matter if we are talking about new or old items, through free classified ads in Dubai, people are able to find exactly what they are interested in. some people use them for selling their own items, while others to purchase something in particular. As a matter of fact, Dubai classifieds jobs can be found on such websites.
Back in the days, newspapers were bought in some occasions just for the classified ads section. However, due to the development of the internet, this action has been replaced with online advertising. Doing business is a lot more profitable, more people have access to free classified ads in Dubai and you can easily filter categories and results, based on what you are interested on exactly. There are many more benefits from selling or buying online, instead of looking through ads in newspapers, for example. You can find people that sell something of your interest, maybe they don't need it anymore, but it is exactly what you were looking for.
Online classified ads are versatile and they are very effective. Posting an ad has some steps, first of all choosing a suitable category for the item. Afterwards, the person includes a description, mentions the price and important details and even pictures. This is a great aspect, the fact that you can visualize the item by looking over photos and seeing exactly how the item looks, its condition, if it is brand new or used and such. In ads, text has to be straightforward and simple, pointing out only what matters and you don't have to be very descriptive. Drawing attention is the key element and this is done by using simple terms.
Companies and individuals take advantage of posting ads online and this means they advertise what they are selling. Online, you can find websites with listings that allow posting ads for free. You don't have to pay any money and in no time, people will view your announcement and get in touch to find out more. Based on your needs and availability, you can choose to sell something locally or nationally, if you are willing to ship the product. In this case, you need to point out shipping methods and additional costs. Besides selling products, individuals and business owners are able to advertise real estate properties and post Dubai classifieds jobs.
Many companies use classified ads to find new employees, because people look online on all available resources when they want to get hired. Posting job advertisements is very convenient and easy and does not require any special skills or implications. Interested individuals can make a phone call to find out more about the job opening or send e-mails, based on the desired communication method.
Have you gone through free classified ads in Dubai ( https://freesoog.com ) ? As you can see right here, you can find a wide variety of items. If you are looking for a job, don't hesitate about Dubai classifieds jobs ( https://freesoog.com ) , you never know what you will find.
April 6 Corridor Resources Inc-
* Corridor announces update regarding Anticosti joint venture
* Corridor, together with other partners of anticosti hydrocarbons l.p., have entered into negotiations with government of québec
* Corridor Resources Inc - negotiations with government of québec with goal of terminating exploration joint venture project on anticosti island Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Global Organic Soups Market: Overview
The global organic soups market estimated valuation is US$1,895.5 Mn in 2017 and is anticipated to be worth US$2,497.8 Mn by the end of 2022. Witnessing profound potential in the food retail sector in various regions, the market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% during 2017–2022.
The demand for fresh, all-natural, and gluten-free foods among consumers has gained prominence in recent years in various parts of the world. The rising demand for packaged soups that are sourced using natural ingredients, have loads of nutrients, and fresh in flavor and taste is a key factor propelling the demand for organic soups in the food sector. These soups are packaged so as to facilitate easy storage and allows convenience in preparation. The advent of organic soups that compare favorably with home-made soups in terms of nutrients and freshness is a crucial factor fueling the growth of the market. The rising interest among consumers in low-sodium soups and their growing proclivity for all-natural soups also containing a variety of exotic blends and flavors are key factors expected to catalyze the market throughout the forecast period.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31418
Extensive Demand for Instant Ready Soups to Account for Dominance of Ready to Serve Wet Soups
The major product types of organic soups are soup pre-mixes, ready to serve wet soups, and condensed wet soups. Of these, the ready to serve wet soup segment accounts for the dominant share. The demand for these types of organic soups is preferred on account of easy preparation methods. Furthermore, the burgeoning demand for quick meal among families in various developing regions is a prominent trend likely to accentuate the demand.
The estimated share of the segment of serve wet soup is 32.5% in 2017 or US$ 615.1 Mn of the market. The segment is projected rise at 6.1% CAGR from 2017 to 2022 and is anticipated to be worth US$ 826.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period. Expanding at US$ 42.4 Mn year-over-year over the forecast period, this signifies the leading absolute growth compared to all other segments.
North America to be Major Contributor of Revenue throughout Forecast Period
North America holds the major revenue in 2017 and is projected to do so throughout the forecast period. The regional market is predicted to expand at a CAGR of 6% during 2017–2022. Local distributors expanding their chains and a number of grocery retailers investing in all natural and non-GMO soups are key developments expected to offer a robust fillip to the growth of the North America market for organic soups.
Asia Pacific except Japan (APEJ) to Gain Share in BPS
The APEJ organic soups market is projected to hold a revenue share of 21.5% of the global market by the end 2017 and is anticipated to gain its share by 155 BPS during 2017–2022. The Europe market for organic soups is predicted to rise at an impressive pace in the coming years. The regional market is anticipated to rise at a CAGR of 4.4% from 2017 to 2022, in terms of revenue and is anticipated to reach US$669.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period.
Meanwhile Japan and MEA are also expected to witness moderate demand for organic soups. The organic soups market for Japan is estimated to rise at 4.9% during the forecast period and reach US$98.5 Mn by 2022 end. Furthermore, the MEA organic soups market is projected to register a CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period and to reach a valuation US$ 50.7 Mn by the end of the period.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/organic-soups-market.htm
Competitive Analysis
Prominent players operating in the organic soup market include Campbell Soup Company, the Kraft Heinz Company, Unilever PLC, Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc., Trader Joe's Company, Blount Fine Foods, Amy's Kitchen Inc., Hain Celestial Group, Kettle Cuisine, LLC., and General Mills, Inc. Several leading players are boosting their supply chains and developing sourcing strategies to gain a better foothold in the market.
April 23 (Gracenote) - Result from the Fed Cup World Group Semifinal match between Belarus and Switzerland on Sunday Belarus beat Switzerland 3-2 On Sunday Belinda Bencic/Martina Hingis (Switzerland) beat Olga Govortsova/Vera Lapko (Belarus) 6-0 6-1 Aryna Sabalenka (Belarus) beat Viktorija Golubic (Switzerland) 6-3 2-6 6-4 Aliaksandra Sasnovich (Belarus) beat Timea Bacsinszky (Switzerland) 6-2 7-6(2) On Saturday Timea Bacsinszky (Switzerland) beat Aryna Sabalenka (Belarus) 6-4 7-5 Aliaksandra Sasnovich (Belarus) beat Viktorija Golubic (Switzerland) 6-3 5-7 7-5
House Majority Whip shooter identified as Belleville man, dead
Close House Minority Whip Steve Scalise
House Minority Whip Steve Scalise
Filed under News
According to The Washington Post, the shooter of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise has been identified as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville.
President Donald Trump said Hodgkinson died just hours after the shooting.
In a March 22 post on Hodgkinson's Facebook, they said, “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
Advertisement
Hodgkinson listed SIUE as a former place of study on their Facebook.
Hodgkinson is accused of shooting Scalise on Wednesday along with two police officers and three congressional staff members, according to Sen. Rand Paul.
Editor-in-Chief Cory Ray can be reached at cray@dailyegyptian.com or on Twitter @coryray_de.
To stay up to date with all your Carbondale news, follow the Daily Egyptian on Facebook and Twitter.
Advertisement
File Photo - Thailand's King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun leaves after paying their respects to a statue of King Rama VII on the occasion of Thai Constitution Day at the Parliament house in Bangkok, Thailand, December 10, 2016. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Thailand's King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun salutes as they arrive at the monument of King Rama I after signing a new constitution in Bangkok, Thailand April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Thailand's King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun is seen at the monument of King Rama I after signing a new constitution in Bangkok, Thailand April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BANGKOK Thailand's King Maha Vajiralongkorn signed a new constitution at a glittering palace ceremony on Thursday, an essential step towards holding an election that the military government has promised to restore democracy after a 2014 coup.
The constitution is Thailand's 20th since the end of absolute monarchy in 1932 and critics say it will still give the generals a powerful say over Thai politics for years, if not decades.
The latest changes, made public for the first time when the constitution was published in the Royal Gazette to become law, also underlined the king's power in the event of a crisis, analysts said.
"May the Thai people be united in following and protecting the constitution to maintain democracy and their sovereignty," an officer with the Royal Scribes Bureau said at the ceremony, on behalf of the king.
The long-awaited constitution replaces an interim document put in place after the 2014 coup.
Thais approved the outline of the new constitution in a referendum last August but the palace requested changes in January after King Vajiralongkorn took over from their revered late father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who had ruled for more than seven decades.
One change allows the king to travel abroad without appointing a regent. The king has spent much of the past few years in Germany, where they have a son in school.
Another change was the removal of a clause giving power to the constitutional court and other institutions in the event of an unforeseen crisis. Removing it underlined the king's role.
"In practice, the king will have more say, more power," Kan Yuenyong, executive director of think-tank Siam Intelligence Unit, told Reuters.
There are still many steps before a general election can be held, or even until a ban is lifted on party politics. According to the timeline set out in the constitution, it could be late 2018 before a ballot and unforeseen delays are still possible.
The army initially promised an election in 2015, after seizing power, in the name of ending political turmoil, from a government run by Yingluck Shinawatra, sister of Thaksin Shinawatra, a populist leader ousted in 2006.
Thailand's main political division remains between a Bangkok-based strongly royalist and pro-army elite and poorer supporters of the Shinawatras' movement, particularly from the rural north and northeast.
Yingluck's Pheu Thai Party said it was more optimistic about election prospects. "With the constitution in place, an election seems more a reality," Chavalit Vichayasuthi, its acting deputy secretary-general, told Reuters.
The government should lift a ban on political activities so parties can campaign, said Abhisit Vejjajiva, a former prime minister and leader of Thailand's other key political party, the Democrat Party.
"We are ready for the election," they said. "We still aren't allowed to hold meetings, but we're doing what we can."
One of the most controversial provisions of the new constitution is for the outgoing military government to appoint a senate that will have a say in appointing the prime minister.
The junta has argued the measure is necessary to prevent coups in a transition period after the election. Thailand has had 12 successful coups in the past 85 years.
Thursday is a public holiday to mark the establishment of the Chakri dynasty 235 years ago. The current king, themselves a former soldier, is also known as King Rama X in the dynasty.
(Reporting by Panarat Thepgumpanat and Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Writing by Matthew Tostevin; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
April 10 Gosuncn Technology Group Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 0.07 percent to 10.3 percent, or to be 64.4 million yuan to 71 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was about 64.4 million yuan
* Says increased in railway safety business and smart city big data business as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/EKa40Q
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The logo of the new Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) is seen at the agency's headquarters in the Canary Wharf business district of London April 1, 2013. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
LONDON Britain's Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has fined a former Jefferies banker almost 40,000 pounds ($49,000) for sharing confidential client information over instant messaging service WhatsApp because they wanted to "impress" the recipients, the watchdog said on Thursday.
The FCA said Christopher Niehaus, a former managing director of investment banking at Jefferies International Ltd, shared confidential information between January and May 2016 with an acquaintance and a friend, who was also a Jefferies client.
Niehaus, who sent confidential details over WhatsApp such as the identity of clients, details about a mandate and Jefferies fees, also boasted about how they might have been able to pay off their mortgage if one of the deals was successful.
Neither Niehaus nor their contacts used the information to deal in securities, the FCA said. But they were suspended from Jefferies and resigned before the bank completed a disciplinary process. According to the UK register of financial services staff, they left Jefferies in October 2016, a year after joining.
They qualified for a 15 percent reduction in their initial fine of 53,140 pounds after a full, early admission, the FCA said.
The fine comes amid heightened scrutiny on technology companies that politicians say can offer a secret place for criminals to communicate.
WhatsApp is a Facebook-owned messaging service used by more than one billion people worldwide.
($1 = 0.8040 pounds)
(Reporting by Kirstin Ridley; Editing by Mark Potter)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lyondellbasell Industries Nv:
* LYONDELLBASELL REPORTS 2017 EARNINGS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.80 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* U.S. TAX REFORM PROVIDED AN $819 MILLION ONE-TIME, NON-CASH BENEFIT IN Q4
* QTRLY SALES AND OTHER OPERATING REVENUES $9,135 MILLION VERSUS $7,747 MILLION
* Q4 REVENUE VIEW $8.79 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* STRONG GLOBAL DEMAND AND DELAYS IN CAPACITY ADDITIONS ACROSS INDUSTRY HAVE IMPROVED OUTLOOK FOR 2018
* ‍NET EFFECT OF BOND REFINANCING, GEOSEL GAIN, TAX REFORM BENEFIT POSITIVELY IMPACTED FY 2017 EARNINGS BY $2.05 PER SHARE​
* LYONDELLBASELL - ‍ONE-TIME, NON-CASH BENEFIT FROM U.S. TAX REFORM REDUCED NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES AND INCREASED EARNINGS BY $2.07 PER SHARE IN Q4 ​
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.56 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A plane carrying 35 diplomats expelled from the United States over Russia's alleged meddling in the U.S. presidential election arrived in Moscow early Monday, Russian state television reported.
A Russian Il-96 plane carrying the diplomats and their families landed at Moscow's Vnukovo airport at 2:05 am local time after having taken off from Washington on Sunday, state television said.
U.S. intelligence says the Kremlin ordered a hack-and-release of Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton campaign staff emails in a bid to put Donald Trump in the White House.
Moscow has repeatedly dismissed the allegations.
The expulsions of the diplomats -- described as intelligence operatives based at the Russian embassy in Washington and the consulate in San Francisco -- were part of a package of sanctions ordered by President Barack Obama Thursday in the final weeks of their administration.
Obama also ordered the closure of two Russian compounds in New York and Maryland that the United States says were used "for intelligence-related purposes."
Russian President Vladimir Putin last week rebuked the outgoing president for "unfriendly steps" amounting to "a provocation aimed at further undermining Russian-American relations."
The Kremlin strongman warned that Russia reserved the right to respond but refrained from ordering the tit-for-tat expulsion of American diplomats from Russia, saying that Moscow's next move will be "based on the policies pursued by the administration of president Donald Trump."
Putin's decision has been interpreted as a sign they are looking to Trump to rebuild U.S.-Russian ties after they are inaugurated as president later this month.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
* N.Korea's missile launch ignored by markets * Investors focusing on Q1 earnings and Trump-Xi summit * KOSPI expected to break 2,200 level in April -analyst SEOUL, April 5 South Korean shares and won took a breather early on Wednesday, ahead of first-quarter earnings and a summit meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week. South Korean markets shrugged off a ballistic missile launch by North Korea earlier on Wednesday. Trump and Xi are expected to discuss Pyongyang's arms programme when they meet on Thursday and Friday. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was at 2,160.73 points as of 0225 GMT, steady versus the previous close. The South Korean won was quoted at 1,122.7 against the dollar, down 0.1 percent compared to Tuesday's close of 1,121.9. March-quarter earnings are expected to be strong and give the stock market a lift, as recent macroeconomic data signalled a recovery, said Cho Byung-hyun, a stock analyst at Yuanta Securities. South Korea's exports grew more than expected in March thanks to stronger global demand, marking a rise for a fifth straight month. The first-quarter earnings period will start with tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd releasing its guidance on Friday. "The KOSPI could touch the 2,200-point level and even reach as high as 2,250 points this month," Cho said. Offshore investors were set to be net sellers for a third consecutive session, offloading 57.1 billion Korean won ($50.87 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Shares of Ahnlab Inc soared nearly 20 percent, after its founder Ahn Cheol-soo clinched their centrist People's Party nomination to run for president on Tuesday. Hyundai Motor Co lost nearly 2 percent and Kia Motors Corp was down 1.2 percent. Advancers and decliners were even by 384 to 382. June futures on three-year treasury bonds shed 0.01 point to 109.53. 0225 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,122.7 1,121.9 Yen/won 10.1336/09 10.1480 *KTB futures 109.53 109.54 KOSPI 2,160.73 2,161.10 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
MacBack
End
-- MacBack, a company with a website that offers users money for their Apple products, has launched a new page on their website for iPhone tutorials https://macback.us/tutorials . This section has useful information for a variety of different actions on the iPhone including making calls, sending messages, and backing up information, among other things. There is currently a section for iPhone 5/5s, but they already have plans to include the iPhone 6/6s and iPhone 7/7s.MacBack's tutorial section of the website offers a variety of tips on how to use the iPhone 5/5s. It starts with a general tutorial on how to use the iPhone 5/5s. This section includes a how-to guide explaining to users such actions as making phone calls, using iCloud, using the App Store, and much more. There are also helpful pictures on the tutorials to make it easy to follow along with the written directions.The next section shows how to back up the iPhone to iTunes. Users might want to know how to do this so they can take their digital purchases with them as they transfer from one Apple device to another. This section of the tutorial offers a couple of different ways of backing-up, so users can choose the option that they prefer.There are also tips on how to unlock an iPhone 5/5s for users that wish to take their iPhone and use it on their favorite cell phone network.Users are also instructed on how to transfer data from the 5/5s to the 6/6s. This makes it easy for users to take their data from their old phone with them to their new iPhone so they don't have to start over.iPhone users will undoubtedly find this tutorial section beneficial. Users are welcome to bookmark this page or pin it on Pinterest for quick and easy access in case of future questions about iPhone.About MacBackMacBack has been in business giving customers cash for their used Apple products for years. They offer cash for a variety of used Apple products including the iPhone, iMac, Mac Mini, MacBook Pro, and more. They give customers a 40 second quote and have a 48-hour turnaround time for payment. They also offer payment by either PayPal or through a bank transfer.MacBack takes customer security seriously. At MacBack they handle customer information per industry standards, ensuring customer information never gets into the hands of strangers when they send in their devices.Contact:Justin AmiroMacBack725 Greg St.Sparks, NV. 89431 USAPhone: +1 775-291-1319help@macback.us
Classified ads are a form of advertising and in general, people can find them in newspapers, but in recent years, online listings have developed and allow individuals to sell and buy easier. Advertisements are grouped in categories, such as services, for sale, wanted and such. It is a better practice for businesses to post free classified ads in Dubai, as they are able to attract more customers. Certain websites allow users to post free classified ads in the UAE and reach their target market.
There are certain considerations to keep count of regarding ads and many benefits as well. To start with, advertising is crucial for a business, being the main way of reaching customers. Some of the company's resources have to go in this direction, otherwise, the business fails to register profit and potential buyers miss the opportunity to enjoy their products or services. Those who post free classified ads in Dubai have limitless options, as they can post as many announcements as they like, they can include text and photos, change the text or price whenever desired. People with the same interest will go through the category and there are more chances of closing the deal, considering how easy it is to access listings.
Not many businesses have considerable funds for advertising and especially start-up companies or small ones find it hard to spend substantial amounts on marketing. However, they can always post free classified ads in the UAE and wait for potential buyers to discover their products or services. In addition, consumers that want to sell their items, old or new, can also post ads on websites and interact with others, negotiate price and offer relevant information. Everyone is looking for a bargain and this is the reason why they enjoy looking through listings, as they never know what they can find.
Depending on the terms and conditions of online listings, businesses and individuals can add links to the announcement, redirecting visitors to their online shop or to the main product's page. There is nothing to lose when it comes to the subject, because posting ads is free and you can always try other methods separately. It costs nothing to create an account, include a text and interact with potential buyers. Classified ads work for every category, including real estate and job openings. Those who want to sell or rent a property within a certain location use listings often and even companies that have job openings.
It happens in many cases to require a professional for a job, maybe a plumber, electrician, gardener, and babysitter, someone to look over the house. It is easier to find and get in touch with such people directly online, on listings. You can discuss all details and the price and then meet to see if you want to collaborate. The online environment does bring people together and it makes it more convenient to find products and services.
Are you looking for a better way to sell your products or services? Why not post free classified ads in Dubai ( https://freesoog.com ) ? You will reach more potential buyers and it costs nothing to post free classified ads in the UAE ( https://freesoog.com ) , so do not hesitate and benefit from the chance.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
NEW YORK U.S. short-term interest rates futures briefly pared earlier losses on Wednesday after the release of the Federal Reserve's minutes from its March 14-15 policy meeting which showed most policymakers think the Fed should take measures to reduce its $4.5 trillion bond holdings.
Federal funds futures for June delivery FFM7 suggested traders saw a 66 percent chance the U.S. central bank would raise interest rates to 1.00-1.25 percent at its June 13-14 meeting, compared with 62 percent late on Tuesday, according to CME Group's FedWatch program.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Anshar Studios announce Detached release date in a new story teaser trailer. The game is coming out of Early Access on Steam and Oculus stores on May 18th.
Detached Open
End
--"Years of warfare and human greed have led to catastrophe. Once-thriving human colonies in the far reaches of the cosmos are today just useless scrap. But to some they are no mere collections of metal. Space scavengers traverse the galaxy in search of spoils. A deserted space station seems like a real treasure for two scavengers looking for loot. Another routine salvage. Everything is going according to plan. Suddenly, system alerts indicate a problem in the cargo area. It turns out that a group of scammers has infiltrated the station and will do anything to seize the its precious cargo. The startup procedure has been initiated... There's no time for retreat...Will you survive in the vastness of space? Explore abandoned locations containing the oxygen and fuel supplies you need to keep going. Solve puzzles to move deeper into the fractured cosmic colony. Discover new areas not yet revealed in early access gameplay. Try to make it through moving space debris without a scratch. Experience the enormity of the destruction as you try to find a way out of the remains of the huge mother ship.Challenge a friend to's PvP mode and have fun outsmarting them! This variation on the popular capture-the-flag mode will test your control skills and challenge you to outwit your enemy with the advanced abilities of the EVA suit.The extremely atmospheric environment allows you to experience the intense immersive feeling that comes with VR devices to deliver extraordinary sensations. In addition, players using the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift can count on the full support of the controllers, which further enhance the experience during the game.– Experience 360-degree freedom of movement, rotation, and acceleration in a sandbox environment built for VR headsets.– Use the Shield, Boost, and EMP Rocket skills in both single-player and multiplayer modes. Hit targets with the homing missiles built into your suit. Master weapon cooldown times before your opponent gets the upper hand. Gain temporary immunity with the Shield skill. Exploit boost tunnels to gain a speed advantage.– Discover the wide black yonder inspired by the sublimity ofaccompanied by a fully orchestrated score composed by Mikołaj Stroiński ().– Get to grips with your spacesuit's controls in a zero-G environment through a dynamic tutorial before venturing into outer space. FPS-style steering will introduce newbies and those sensitive to VR playing to the hardcore VR experience.Althoughhas been specifically designed for VR gaming, a desktop patch will be released soon in 2017. All gamers should also be aware thatis an extreme VR experience that simulates sudden and dramatic acceleration, freefalling, twisting, and rolling. Even at 90 fps, it is not for VR-sensitive players.will launch on Steam ( http://store.steampowered.com/ app/436230/ ) and the Oculus Store (https://www.oculus.com/experiences/rift/945551678861092/)on May 18th. For more information about the game, please visit the official website (http://www.detachedgame.com/), and the Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/DetachedGame/)andTwitter (https://twitter.com/DetachedGame)profiles.Anshar Studios was founded in 2012 by veterans of City Interactive Games, a company known for titles such as, and. As a group of specialists, we have worked together on 20 commercial titles, released on 9 different platforms, and used 5 different technologies. We're currently working on, a VR space exploration game, as well as other promising projects such as a VR training program for Polish firefighters. We're also the team behind, and. http://ansharstudios.com/
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
NEWBERRY, S.C. (AP) — South Korean-based appliance manufacturer Samsung announced the expansion of its production footprint in South Carolina on Monday, making progress on a plan to create nearly 1,000 jobs in the state by 2020.
The company officially launched a new line of top-loading washing machines at its facility in Newberry. That's in addition to a line of front-loading washing machines that the South Korean electronics company began making at the plant earlier this year.
The expansion comes less than a year after Samsung's June announcement that it would invest $380 million in South Carolina to manufacture home appliances, creating an estimated 950 jobs by 2020. So far, company officials say that they've hired about 650 employees who are now working on the two washing machine lines at a 450,000-square-foot plant.
Samsung took over property that had belonged to Caterpillar, which announced in April 2016 that it was closing its electric generator packaging facility. The closure left more 300 people out of work, but Samsung said that about 10 percent of the 650 full-time employees currently working at the Newberry plant are former Caterpillar employees.
Advertisement
Samsung has also hired some of the 6,000 workers left jobless following the scuttling of a reactor construction project at the V.C. Summer Nuclear Station in Jenkinsville, about 21 miles (34 km) away.
Some retrofitting was needed to get Caterpillar's existing buildings in line with Samsung's designs, but Samsung plant manager Tony Fraley said that not having to start from scratch enabled Samsung to get two lines up and running in under a year. Much of the plant's production is focused on robotics, with robots ferrying specially designed trays of parts around the green- and orange-colored plant, and other robots retrieving the pieces and putting them together.
The process can be slower than at other manufacturing facilities, Fraley said, but more mechanization means higher productivity and also fewer scratches that can come along with human handling.
"Everything has automation built into it," Fraley told The Associated Press during a recent tour of the manufacturing plant and new production line.
About 100 Samsung employees from South Korea are currently on-site helping get the new facility up and running, even able to write computer codes on the spot to help the plant run more smoothly. Eventually, Fraley said they will return to the company's headquarters, after training South Carolina employees on all of the technology needed to run the facility's high-tech machines.
"If something goes awry, they show us how to fix it," Fraley said. "They show us how to troubleshoot it."
By this summer, Fraley said they expected the plant to be running at full capacity. Last year, Samsung announced a collaboration with the University of South Carolina and Clemson University in an effort to make the plant a center for customer service and research and development.
Without giving specifics, Samsung Electronics North America's President and CEO Tim Baxter told AP that the company hopes to add more production lines in the future, as well as establish a supply chain in the state so that Samsung doesn't have to import as many supplies.
"Clearly the plan is to build an eco-system," Baxter said in a recent interview. "Obviously that doesn't happen overnight."
____
Follow Meg Kinnard on Twitter and see more of their work on apnews.com.
FILE PHOTO: Raw coffee beans are seen at a factory where coffee bought by Israeli company Strauss is prepared and packaged in Lod, Israel March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Packages containing capsules of coffee, including coffee farmed in Honduras by women, are seen at a factory that prepares and packages coffee bought by Israeli company, Strauss, in Lod, Israel March 6, 2017. Picture taken March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: An employee checks coffee, bought by Israeli company Strauss, after it was roasted and ground at a packaging factory in Lod, Israel March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
TEL AVIV Israeli food company Strauss‮‮ ‬‬Group (STRS.TA) reported a 22 percent drop in quarterly profit on Tuesday, hurt by a recall of its Sabra spreads in the United States, and said it was buying back the rest of its coffee subsidiary.
Strauss, which produces snacks, fresh foods and coffee, said it had agreed to buy back a 25.1 percent stake in Strauss Coffee from buyout firm TPG Capital Management, which had been looking to sell, for 257 million euros ($279 mln).
"Strauss Coffee gives us more operational flexibility by being 100 percent owners of the company," Strauss CEO Gadi Lesin told Reuters, noting the deal was accretive to earnings.
TPG, which bought its stake in 2008 for $293 million, had asked Strauss to float Strauss Coffee but Lesin said there were no plans in the short term to spin it off and take it public.
"With Strauss Coffee as sole owner ... management is better positioned to focus on the strategic decisions for the company," said Barclays analyst Tavy Rosner, who estimated Strauss Coffee's value at $1 billion.
Strauss is the second-largest company in the Israeli food
and beverage sector and is a market leader in roast and ground coffee in central and eastern Europe and Brazil.
The group reported adjusted net profit of 58 million shekels ($16 million) for the fourth quarter, down from 74 million a year earlier. Revenue rose 7.2 percent to 2.03 billion shekels. Lesin said the group "continued to exceed market growth rates in our home base in Israel and Strauss Coffee posted a set of excellent results for 2016." Coffee sales grew 21 percent to 1.06 billion shekels inthe quarter as‮‮ ‬‬EBIT profit rose 23 percent.
‮‮Sales‬‬ at the group's international dips and spreads joint ventures with PepsiCo (PEP.N)‮‮fell ‬‬ 27 percent in the wake of the recall in November over concerns of listeria bacteria.
The company has a 60 percent share of the hummus market in the United States and Lesin said sales were recovering to pre-recall levels and the company was bolstering regulations at its U.S. plant where the bacteria were found.
Strauss said in November the recall would reduce operating profit by $5 million.
($1 = 0.9210 euros)
(Editing by Susan Fenton)
April 6 Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc
* Aldeyra Therapeutics - on April 3, C. Boyd Clarke, chairperson of board notified co's board that they do not intend to run for re-election - sec filing
* Aldeyra Therapeutics - effective as of co's 2017 annual stockholder meeting, size of board expected to be reduced from eight to seven members -sec filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Free Syrian Army fighters gesture as Turkish military vehicles drive in the Syrian rebel-held town of al-Rai while heading towards the northern Syrian city of al-Bab, Syria January 9, 2017. To match Analysis MIDEAST-CRISIS/SYRIA-WAR REUTERS/Khalil Ashawi/File Photo
AMMAN Syrian rebels have seized large areas from Islamic State in southern Syria in the last two weeks as the jihadist group prepares to defend its Raqqa stronghold in the north from a U.S.-backed assault, rebel commanders say.
The advances by Western-backed Free Syrian Army (FSA) factions have helped to reduce the risk of Islamic State fighters regrouping in areas near Damascus and the Jordanian border as they face major defeats in Syria and Iraq.
Western intelligence sources have worried for months that militants fleeing from their main urban strongholds of Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in Iraq could find a safe haven in the vast areas of the Syrian Desert bordering Jordan.
The rebels fighting in southern Syria have received military aid funnelled via Jordan in a programme overseen by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency.
Their sudden gains are a culmination of months of covert operations in which they have ambushed and cut communications lines to weaken the militants' stronghold in the southeastern border area close to Iraq, the rebels say.
"Extensive areas have fallen into our hands. (Islamic State) has been pushed out of them in heavy clashes in 16 days of battles," said Talas al Salameh, the commander of the Osoud al Sharqiya, the biggest of the FSA groups in the area.
"(Islamic State) had cut roads and were in control and had been positioned in former Syrian army bases with a strong presence and with heavy armour. We cut links between their areas and as a result they began to retreat," al-Salamah said.
In northern Syria, Islamic State has come under growing military pressure in recent months from separate campaigns being waged by the U.S.-backed Arab and Kurdish fighters, by the Russian-backed Syrian army and by Turkey-backed FSA groups.
The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State is backing an alliance of Kurdish and Arab fighters - the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) - in the campaign to isolate and capture Raqqa city on the other side of the country.
TROOP MOVEMENTS
Salamah said Islamic State had pulled hundreds of fighters from the areas where their group, working with four others, had made its advances, suggesting they had been redeployed to help defend Raqqa and Deir al-Zor province to the east.
The advances have taken place in a swathe of sparsely populated territory stretching from the town of Bir Qassab, some 50 km (30 miles) southeast of Damascus, all the way to the borders with Iraq and Jordan, a desert area known as the Badia.
"In the event of the fall of Raqqa and Mosul, where would they go? They would be coming here. So we decided to work and kick them out of this area before they would come to us," Salameh told Reuters in a phone interview.
The rebels have also seized control of the eastern slopes of the Qalamoun mountains to the northwest of Bir Qassab, where Islamic State's presence had disappeared as it moved its forces further north, they said.
The rebels say their campaign in the area had been gradually escalated over the last five months.
Said Seif, an official in another FSA faction, the Shahid Ahmad al-Abdo group, said 250 square km (96 square miles) had been captured in the Badia alone.
Salameh said at least 117 of their fighters had been killed in ferocious fighting over the last few months in what they said were relentless assaults and ambushes by the militants.
Their group first fought Islamic State when it took over parts of Deir al-Zor province at the height of its expansion in 2014. Their fighters regrouped in areas near the Jordanian border, where their base was hit in a Russian air strike last year.
(Editing by Tom Perry and Tom Heneghan)
April 6 TCM Biotech International Corp :
* Says the company enters into contract with a chemical pharmacy firm on marketing and distribution of ACLASTA, a kind of drug for treatment of osteoporosis
* Contract will be valid from March 17, 2017 to March 31, 2019
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/zwkcTO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
With Australian rugby's dirty laundry continuing to be flung out of the hamper on a daily basis, a new picture is forming about where blame lies for making this catastrophic mess.
For the last 18 months or so the players - Super Rugby through to the Wallabies - have, certainly in New Zealand, been seen to be the single biggest problem blighting the game across the Tasman.
Performance and results have been interpreted as irrefutable proof that the problems start and finish with the lack of quality being put on the field each week.
But what's emerging now is that the players are not necessarily the cause of Australian's demise but a symptom. They sit above the line, visible, easy to judge and easy to blame.
Advertisement
Yet it seems they can fairly argue that they are victims of a governance and administrative regime that has simply blundered from one poorly considered plan to the next.
The damage to Australian rugby, which is extensive, has been caused in the boardroom rather than the changing room.
How much money has been lost is staggering. The Rebels have cost the Australian Rugby Union $17.5 million since they were formed in 2011. The Western Force have cost $5.5 million and in the last three years, the ARU has a lost a combined $12.7 million.
At some stage in the last six years the national body has had to bail out four of its five Super Rugby teams, with the Waratahs having not needed a cash injection since taking one a decade ago.
It's hard to believe that there has been genuine adherence to a fiscally responsible growth strategy. The ARU have appeared to simply want more teams and continue to invest in them despite not having the resources to do so or any resounding business rationale.
Spend for today and ignore tomorrow. But tomorrow has arrived and some serious questions are looming about how the ARU managed to create such an unholy mess.
Or at least these questions should be coming because the somewhat uncomfortable truth in all this is that World Rugby and Sanzaar have been eager and ready to interfere in the governance of Pacific Island nations' rugby unions and freely air their concerns about the lack of expertise they have seen.
When a black hole appeared in the accounts of the Samoan Rugby Union a couple of years back, World Rugby had the auditors in quick smart, poking around. That led to changes in personnel within the Samoan Rugby Union and a definite sense that World Rugby was keen to have a direct presence there to keep an eye on things.
Talk about lack of trust and it is this which essentially remains the biggest barrier to a team from the Islands being granted Super Rugby inclusion.
Sanzaar has no concerns about the playing base, but the governance and administration has been flagged as an area that needs to be improved: an area where trust has to be gained.
And yet, funnily enough, the far more considerable problem for Sanzaar is clearly the governance and fiscal management of the heavily corporate ARU. But does anyone want to acknowledge that openly?
Does anyone within Sanzaar want to stand up and express concern that a group of well educated chaps, who have all held super important city jobs in the past have brought not just Australian rugby, but Super Rugby, to the brink of collapse?
Unlikely. Rugby, for all its claims that it is trying to embrace diversity, still finds itself held captive to a secret network mentality.
It remains much easier for those who sit around Super Rugby boardroom tables to protect themselves at all costs and divert blame elsewhere.
So here we sit with Australian rugby in ruins and arguments made that the sporting market is a tough one at the moment and everyone is feeling the squeeze, while in the same breath diminishing the prospects of a Super Rugby team being taken to Pasifika by casting aspersions on the ability of the Island unions to manage their own financial affairs.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
New Delhi, July 04, 2018 – On Saturday, June 30, 2018 the Better India Education Awards, 2018 were held at The Park, New Delhi amidst the elites of the education sector. The Better India Education Awards, 2018 were organized by India's leading research and ratings agency, TRR Network Private Limited to recognize, celebrate and encourage excellence in education and learning. The endeavor was to recognize and reward excellence, innovative initiatives and exemplary work in the Education Sector in a spectacular style.
This year, these prestigious awards were presented to 40 winners at 5 different levels. The exacting and daunting feat of zeroing-in on the winners was achieved by Today Research and Ratings Network, with the support from its associates and partners, after an elaborate and meticulous selection process which included inviting nominations from potential nominees, substantial research and surveys, collation of feedback and opinions, screening based on judging parameters and subsequently choosing the winners through an independent jury panel.
The significant parameters which were considered for selecting the winners included Qualification & Professional Experience, Infrastructure & Facilities, Market Presence & Competition, Growth & Profitability, Quality & Operational Excellence, Financial & Business Acumen, Innovation & Novelty in Services, Ingenuity and Imagination, Sustainability & Environmental Awareness, Job & Impact Potential, Client/Customer & Industry Feedback, Use of Technology & Trends, Efforts for Risk & Setback Mitigation, Previous Awards & Achievements etc.
The event was graced by an elite panel of guests and dignitaries that included names like Shri Harish Rawat – Former Chief Minister, Uttarakhand, Shri Chetan Sharma – Former Cricketer, Indian Cricket Team, Ms. Priyanka Chaturvedi – Politician & National Spokesperson, Indian National Congress, and Shri Vasant Kumar – Advisor, Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, Government of India.
These awards are conferred upon to recognize and felicitate the achievements and the work done by institutions and individuals in improving the quality of education, and thereby continuously working towards making of a better India.
A comprehensive list of winners of the Better India Education Awards, 2018:
Pratibha Public School – Best CBSE School in Chhattisgarh
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic – Best Upcoming Polytechnic College in Maharashtra
Bal Bharati Public School, Pitampura – Best CBSE School in Delhi & NCR
Gandhi Memorial College, Srinagar – Best Degree College in Srinagar
Venus Public School – Best CBSE School in Gwalior
Shram Sadhana Bombay Trusts' College of Engineering and Technology – Best Multi-Disciplinary Engineering College in Maharashtra
BLM Institute of Technology & Management Science – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Rajasthan
Shri Ram Institute of Technology – Best Engineering College in Madhya Pradesh
Prof. (Dr.) Ajay Kumar – Best Educationist of the Year, 2018
Trinity Institute of Professional Studies (TIPS) – Best Professional Degree College in Delhi & NCR
New Era College of Science and Technology – Best Diploma Engineering College in Ghaziabad
Mehr Chand Polytechnic College – Best Polytechnic College in Punjab
Bhargava College of Engineering & Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Jammu & Kashmir
Chanderprabhu Jain College of Higher Studies & School of Law – Best Institute in Delhi & NCR for Management and Legal Studies
Budge Budge Institute of Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Kolkata
Meenakshi World School – Best International School in Gurgaon
MIT-ADT University, Pune – Best Private University of the Year
Swami Sant Dass Public School – Best CBSE School in Jalandhar
Nav Chetna College of Teacher's Education – Most Promising B.Ed. College in Dehradun
Vashistt Public School – Best Emerging CBSE School in Himachal Pradesh
Fortune Institute of International Business – Best Business School in North India
ISBM University – Best Emerging Private University in India
Flair Mania Bartending Academy – Best Bartending Institute in India
Butler Polytechnic – Best Polytechnic College in Gujarat
D.C. Model Senior Secondary School – Best Senior Secondary School in Punjab
Amar Shaheed Kanchan Singh Autonomous P.G. College, Fatehpur – Best Degree College in Uttar Pradesh
Dr. B.C. Roy Engineering College – Best Emerging Engineering College in India
Tirupati Group of Institutions, Ratia – Best Professional Group of Institutions in Haryana
Long View Public School – Best CBSE School in Nainital
Bunyad The Play School – Best Play School in Rewari
Vardhman Mahavir Public School – Best State Board School in Mandi
SHEDS College of Hospitality Management – Best Emerging Hotel Management College in Himachal Pradesh
Lakshmi Narain College of Pharmacy – Best Pharmacy College in Madhya Pradesh
VIBGYOR High, Vadodara – Best CBSE School in Gujarat
BFIT Group of Institutions, Dehradun – Best Life Sciences, Allied Sciences, Applied Sciences, Agricultural Sciences & Medical Sciences College in India
Harmon Educational Books – Most Innovative Publication House in Primary Education
Indo Kids International – Best Pre-School in Kolkata
The event concluded with a vote of thanks to all the present dignitaries, group photographs and press interviews of all the awardees and a sumptuous lunch where all the guests interacted with each other and shared good times and memories together.
About the Company:
TRR Network Private Limited is a top-rated, modern and full-service research and ratings agency specializing in both qualitative and quantitative research across a wide range of sectors. Today Research and Ratings (TRR) Network was established with one goal in mind – to consistently and significantly challenge the industry practices– and by doing so create the highest standard of excellence by which others should be judged. Our mission is to serve our clients by providing the highest quality professional services that addresses their business needs and growth strategies. We aspire for being a global leader by delivering world-class services, upholding the highest standards of client's satisfaction and ethical standards.
Contact Person: Mr. Ambuj/ Mr. Rajeev
Telephone: +91-120- 4107771
Mobile: +91-8448096740, +91-8448096745
Email: info@todayresearchandratings.com,
todayresearchnetwork@gmail.com
Website: http://todayresearchandratings.com/
THE report on the Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI) systems glitch that caused the double-posting of certain transactions is now being prepared by the central bank Supervision and Examination Sector.
“I haven't seen the report yet, but it is being prepared by the examination sector,” outgoing Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) Governor Amando Tetangco Jr. told reporters on Wednesday.
On June 7, BPI deactivated its online network and automated teller machines (ATMs) for two days to rectify an internal error that double-posted transactions made between April 27 and May 2.
The country's oldest and third largest bank has more than 800 branches and 3,000 automated teller machines nationwide.
The bank had assured clients it was not hacked.
Incoming Governor Nestor Espenilla Jr. said the BSP will investigate what happened. Espenilla is also the current deputy governor in charge of overseeing BSP-supervised financial institutions like BPI.
Oreo has announced a contest where you could score a half million dollars for your ‘Oreo Creation.'
Over the last few years, Oreo has expanded its flavor and product offerings dramatically with everything from Swedish Fish flavored Oreos to bringing back Oreo Cereal but now they are looking for your help.
Think you have an idea worthy of becoming the next great OREO® creation? Share your creation, flavor or inspiration
with us. Who knows? You could WIN $500,000 and have your creation in stores all across the U.S. Submissions can be any OREO®-inspired creation like a new OREO® flavor (such as a new cookie or chocolate candy flavor) or any food item containing OREO® cookies (such as an OREO® Graham Crackers or OREO® Pancake Mix).
Head over to Oreo's special website for rules and all the ways to enter.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find them on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Sarah And Vinnie's Full Show Podcast: 10.06.2017
Today on Sarah and Vinnie's Full Show Podcast:
6-7am –Decades of sexual harassment accusations against Harvey Weinstein, Whole Foods credit card breach affects Bay Area customers, more on the Las Vegas terrorist, and our willingness to share our personal info with random websites!
7-8am –The ‘American Idol' judges, President Trump's ex-wife Ivana talks about advising our president, five ways to stay healthy during flu season, and the popular Halloween themes this year!
8-9am –Halloween candy according to each state, and Sarah's wearing bras again!
9-10am – Vinnie reads your contributions via text!
RSS Subscription – iTunes Subscription – Play.it – Stitcher
Rate and Comment on our Podcast in iTunes!
LONDON (AP) — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theater for 11 years until 2015.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef they recruited from the country club they own in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at their rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing them of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told them fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at their Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges they were fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. They say Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles (2331 sq. km) on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles (80 km) west of the Utah line.
Among other things, they say Pickens, who is white, instructed them to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one they referred to as their “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” They say they told them they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff they wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of their comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. They dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' non-profit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, they said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.”'
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before they hired them for a five-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,”' Williams said in court documents. They added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that they ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,”' they wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect their work environment,” the judge said.
New Zealand are on a test roll; and that makes it doubly a shame they now come to a grinding halt in the five-day game for 100 days.
Today's 240-run thumping of the West Indies secured a 2-0 win, a fourth win in their last five tests at Seddon Park, to go with one draw, and a record of 13 wins, three draws and just three losses at home since late 2013.
Read more:
Rating the best tons by NZ's best batsmen
There was to be a third West Indies test until New Zealand Cricket opted to drop it in favour of enlarging the limited-overs component of the tour.
Advertisement
For those with short attention spans the good news, though, is there's a minimum 23 short form internationals, back to back, to look forward from now until mid-March.
Black Caps captain Kane Williamson after winning the series 2-0. Day 4. Photo / Photosport.co.nz
''The lads love test cricket, they really enjoy playing it,'' Williamson said yesterday.
''We're on the low side of test matches this year (with only two against England to bookend the season) but I think you'll see in time with the test championship coming up there will be a lot more.''
Williamson knows their test team will need to pick themselves up after three months of only 50 or 20-over cricket to face a competitive England side. Still, you take what you can get and New Zealand were very good in this two-test rubber, the third out of the last four at home that they've won 2-0.
From the time the West Indies lost overnight pair Kraigg Brathwaite and Shai Hope inside the first hour yesterday, the contest was up.
Roston Chase and Ray Reifer dug in admirably, putting on 78 over two hours of graft to show what was possible with a bit of care and concentration, but that was it.
New Zealand's bowling was good; the West Indies batting poor, and downright flaky at times.
Trent Boult (L) and Neil Wagner of the New Zealand Black Caps celebrate following day four of the Second Test Match between New Zealand and the West Indies. photo / Getty Images.
Trent Boult joined the 200 club early on yesterday and Neil Wagner's five wickets in this test gave them a team-high 14 for the series at 18.2 apiece.
Tim Southee, Boult and Wagner have distinct ways to skin the cat and they complement each other.
''All three have different styles,'' Brathwaite said.
''Obviously Wagner is a bit more aggressive, so it's just about being decisive. Southee and Boult are very good new ball bowlers so you know it's key to have your plans worked out and be very decisive in your shot selection, that's the main thing.''
Not decisive enough yesterday, with several batsmen stuck in two minds and getting pinged.
On that, spare a thought for luckless Sunil Ambris. They were struck on their left arm by a Wagner shortish ball, which they played poorly, and has a broken bone.
Tour over, out of the ODI squad and after twice stepping on their wicket in their first three innings as a test player. You'd think they won't be back in New Zealand for a holiday any time soon.
''Individuals have different styles but the key was to take it over by over, session by session,'' Brathwaite said of their second innings strategy.
''Obviously it didn't work out that way.
''(The message was) don't think much about the 444 but take it over by over - unfortunately we didn't do it.''
For Williamson, apart from the pleasure at the individual achievements of Ross Taylor enlarging the 17-test ton club to three, and Boult getting to 200 test wickets, the highlight was how their team adapted their tactics and carried out their plans.
''We knew how talented the West Indies side are, but the way we were able to keep putting pressure on them with the ball and bat was a credit to the way we executed our plans.''
Truth be told, the West Indies were poor for too much of the series, pockets of classy play aside. The ODI series promises to be different with fresh personnel, and some big names arriving this week.
"No scars. Different series, slightly different team,'' Brathwaite said looking ahead to the ODIs.
Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles, as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing.
May 3 Tronc Inc
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $1.54 billion to $1.56 billion
* Reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue fell 8.1 percent to $366 million
* Q1 loss per share $0.08
* says total revenues for troncm for quarter were $312 million or a decrease of 9.2% compared to q1 of 2016
* 2017 full year guidance for and adjusted ebitda has been updated to a range of $187 to $195 million.
* Says total revenues for troncx for q1 of 2016 were $55 million, down 3.2% from prior-year quarter
* Says total q1 2017 average monthly unique visitors were 59 million, up 5% from prior-year quarter
* Says qtrly digital only subscribers grew to 180,000, up 77% from prior year and up 12% sequentially Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects to "Wednesday" from "Tuesday" in paragraph 1)
May 3 Canadian newspaper publisher Torstar Corp on Wednesday reported a 11.5 percent fall in quarterly revenue, as growth in some of its digital ventures failed to offset a decline in print advertising.
Torstar, which publishes the Toronto Star and a string of other titles, said net loss attributable to shareholders narrowed to C$24.4 million ($17.7 million), or 30 Canadian cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from C$53.5 million, or 66 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
Torstar recorded charges related to restructuring and impairment of some assets in the prior-year quarter.
Revenue fell to C$138.6 million from C$156.7 million. ($1 = 1.3730 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
A smartphone app for Lyft drivers is seen during a photo opportunity in San Francisco, California February 3, 2016. REUTERS/Stephen Lam
SAN FRANCISCO Ride services company Lyft Inc has nearly completed a funding round of at least $500 million, valuing the company at $7.5 billion, according to a source close to the company.
San Francisco-based Lyft has been in fundraising mode for some time as it spends heavily to compete with its much bigger rival Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL]. The $7.5 billion valuation marks a sharp increase from the $5.5 billion valuation at Lyft's last financing more than a year ago.
Lyft had previously expected to command a valuation of between $6 billion and $7 billion in its newest funding round, but the source said the valuation had been revised upward.
(Reporting by Heather Somerville)
LAUDERHILL, FLA. (WSVN) - Lauderhill Police are on the search for a subject after a shooting took place outside a Lauderhill strip mall, early Monday morning.
According to police, a shooting took place early Monday morning outside a strip mall near North University Drive and Northwest 44th Street.
The victim was rushed to Broward Health Medical Center with a gunshot wound to the head.
No word on that victim's condition.
If you have any information on this shooting, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2016 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
When musician Daniel Muller-Schott joins the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra to play this week, they will do so on a cello which is older than the local venues they perform in, including Auckland's 108-year-old town hall.
Muller-Schott's cello was made in 1727 in Venice by Matteo Goffriller. If it could talk, Muller-Schott thinks it would tell intriguing stories of historic concert halls, surviving wars and travelling - by boat, rail and, more recently, plane - around a world so very different to the one it started life in.
The German cellist, 40, has visited the street where Goffriller once worked only to find the shop is now a restaurant serving standard tourist fare: pizza and pasta. However, they say an instrument as old as their cello is imbued with the spirits of its previous owners and this adds to the rich quality of its sound.
"In the 10 years that I have owned it for, it has changed. It shows me you can actually influence an instrument quite dramatically with your own playing."
Advertisement
It can prove popular at airports.
The winner of the international Tchaikovsky Competition for Young Musicians when they were just 15 years old, Muller-Schott aims to spend at least two-three hours per day playing their cello.
It means they even play while waiting in airport transit areas.
"When I stopped in Melbourne on my way here, I got it out and was soon surrounded by a group of children who were laughing and seemed to enjoy it very much."
They say their opportunistic practises seem to soothe fellow travelers, who will often strike up conversations about the music they plays and life as a celebrated concert musician. They describe their cello as their musical voice and says when they travel, they always book a second seat so it can be kept safely next to him.
"It is like a member of my family."
Its previous owner was US cellist Harvey Shapiro who owned the instrument for about 60 years. Shapiro was happy to pass it on, having heard Muller-Schott playing, and sent it with a gift of their favourite Havana cigars and a bottle of whisky.
Muller-Schott intends to continue this tradition, including a souvenir for whoever is the next recipient of the 290-year-old cello. However, they say that could be a while away yet because they intend to keep their faithful friend for the next few decades.
"If I could keep it for 60 years, I would be doing very well."
Muller-Schott plays with the NZSO on a five-city Schumann & Barber concert conducted by fast-rising US conductor James Feddeck,
What: New Zealand Symphony Orchestra - Schumann + Barber
Where & when: Claudelands Arena (Hamilton) tonight; Auckland Town Hall, Friday plus performances in Wellington, Blenheim and Christchurch
The 45th anniversary of the Female Impersonator Miss Florida Pageant will be taking place on Monday, October 16 at the beautiful Bahia Mar on Fort Lauderdale beach. The pageant is nicknamed “The Social Event of the Season” attracting some of the top named female impersonators, and Movie, TV and Fashion stars from across the USofA and beyond (Photo: JR Davis).
In the past Miss Florida had celebrity judges including KC and Sunshine Band, Boy George, and Sylvester. This year we have Trinity Taylor form Ru Paul's Drag Race Season 9.
Although many pageant systems have started since, they have followed the lead of Miss Florida F.I. Although Miss Florida F.I. is a state title, the system has always been recognized as a national pageant.
Former winners have gone onto great careers in TV, movies, and coveted lead roles in shows and cabarets including Las Vegas and P-Town, and have traveled not only across the state of Florida but around the world.
The current owners plan to uphold the vision of original owners Keith Landon and Rene Rodriguez include, they are:
Alyson Thomas, a seasoned professional in the art form of female impersonation themselves for 40 years, brings professionalism, style, stability, and experience to the pageant.  They are also known throughout the country as a leading promoter and supporter to many who have gone on to become national titleholders and a coach to newcomers. Well respected by everyone in the art form, a hands-on owner with an eye for detail, coupled with personality, hospitality and vision.
Scott Holland, whose knowledge and experience in the Florida market includes: media and editorial experience, judge to many pageantry systems, a pageant coordinator, public relations, professionalism, and a love for entertainment that cannot be touched.
Victor Zepka and Gary Santis who have owned the pageant for the last 25 years have stayed on as owners to keep the history of the system alive. They bring 25 years of hands on working knowledge of the system, and the experience that's makes Miss Florida F.I. rich in history, and memories. Victor brings long standing established relationships with sponsors, vendors and local business and community leaders to the pageant. Gary continues to create amazing sets, outrageous productions, state of the art sound and lighting, encompassing a show and a night of entertainment not to be missed.
When asked about any new things happening in the Miss Florida System, Alyson Thomas, President, said “We have many exciting plans in the years to come that I think the community is going to love. So far, since resurrecting the Miss Florida system 4 years ago, we have also brought back the Miss Florida F.I, at Large pageant 2 years ago that we produce at the Parliament House, and this year we are excited to be producing for the very first time, the Mr Florida Male Entertainer pageant that will be held that day before Miss Florida, on Sunday October 15 also at the Bahia Mar Hotel.”
I asked Miss Florida F.I. 2016, the beautiful Shantell D'Marco, why it was so important for them to become Miss Florida F.I and they said: “Entering Miss Florida FI was a life goal of mine. I grew up in Miami and Miss Florida was the event of the year. Gowns, fashion, trendsetters, just to name a few. One day I knew I would be a Miss Florida. But Life happened, and I moved away from Florida. IYears later I moved back to Florida but this time to Central Florida, Orlando. Everything just blossomed for me from there, career, marriage, and most important growth. Miss Florida F.I. came back to mind and I knew I only wanted to do it one time. I checked all my boxes and I knew I was ready. It was important for me to return and finally do Miss Florida, not only because it was a life goal, but ultimately just to show the world what I was now made of and that the glow outside now finally matched inside.”
The Mr. and Miss Florida F.I. pageant will be held Sunday and Monday, October 15 & 16 at the beautiful Bahia Mar on Fort Lauderdale beach starting at 8 p.m. To reserve your hotel room go to call the Bahia Mar at 954-764-2233 and ask for Cherlie and tell them you want the Miss Florida discount. To purchase tickets go to MissFloridaFIPageant.com or call Scott at 954-478-4587.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC -1.0 pct, CSI300 -0.9 pct, HSI -0.4 pct
* Trading via Shanghai, Shenzhen-HK connects will be suspended from March 30 to April 2
* CNY official close 6.8886 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 -0.4 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -1.3 pct
SHANGHAI, March 31 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China pledges greater yuan flexibility as capital outflows ease
* China bank regulator checking off-balance sheet risks at city banks - sources
* China 2016 Q4 capital and financial account surplus was $46.4 bln
* China steel demand to fall in 2017, pressuring iron ore prices-institute Data due:
* China manufacturing, non-manufacturing PMI
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* China's ICBC posts decade-low profit growth; bankers pledge more help on debt
* China Southern says full-year profits jump 30 pct, below expectations
* PetroChina 2016 profit sinks 78 pct on lower crude prices
* PetroChina the latest China oil major to consider Aramco listing
* China brewer Tsingtao posts the steepest profit drop in 20 years
* China's Zhenhua Oil setting up Singapore trading office -sources
Earnings/Performance
* Air China full-year profits rise 0.6 percent
* Spring Airlines' 2016 profit down 28.4 pct
* Shenzhen Airport's 2016 profit up 7.8 pct
* China's COSCO Shipping reports $1.4 bln loss for 2016
* Cosco Shipping Development returns to profit in 2016
* China Construction Bank expects 2017 interest margins to stabilize
* China Everbright Bank's 2016 profit up 2.7 pct
* China Minsheng Banking's 2016 profit up 3.8 pct
* China Railway Group 2016 profit up 2.05 pct
* Wuliangye's 2016 profit up 9.85 pct
* Midea Group's 2016 profit up 15.6 pct
* Guangzhou Automobile Group's 2016 profit up 48.6 pct
* Zoomlion swings to red in 2016
* China Molybdenum's 2016 profit up 31.1 pct
* Wanda Cinema Line's 2016 profit up 15.2 pct
* Suning Commerce's 2016 profit down 19.3 pct
* Yonghui Superstores' 2016 profit up 105.2 pct
* Shandong Hi-Speed's 2016 profit up 14.6 pct
* Liaoning Cheng Da's 2016 profit up 84.2 pct
* Dr Peng 's 2016 profit up 7 pct
* Baiyunshan Pharma's 2016 profit up 16.0 pct
* Alpha's 2016 profit up 1.9 pct
* Fujian Sunner Development's 2016 profit up 275.0 pct
* Focus Media sees Q1 profit up 61.7-77.1 pct
* GEM sees Q1 profit up 40-70 pct
Equity changes/IPOs
* Yangfan New Materials' IPO 3,899.7 times oversubscribed
* Hybribio Biotech's Shenzhen IPO 3,776.4 times oversubscribed M&A
* China's Creat makes 1.2 bln euro bid for German blood plasma firm Regulation
* Delisting risk warning will be imposed on Chongqing Iron & Steel's A-shares Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* BOE Technology Group to invest 1.15 billion yuan in OLED project (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
March 30 Gold prices held steady on Thursday, supported by uncertainties on the impact of Britain's departure from the European Union, U.S. policy under President Donald Trump and French elections, but at the same time capped by a stronger dollar. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was down 0.1 percent at $1,251.22 per ounce, as of 0059 GMT. U.S. gold futures eased 0.2 percent to $1,250.9. * The dollar index was up 0.1 percent at 100.07. * The dollar hovered near a one-week high against a basket of currencies on Thursday, buoyed by a weaker euro which sagged as prospects of the European Central Bank stepping away from monetary easing faded. * Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Brexit - Britain's divorce from the European Union - on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown. * The U.S. Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least twice this year, and possibly up to four times - although that would require an improvement in fundamentals, Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Wednesday * With the U.S. economy having now "largely attained" a full recovery from recession, the Fed can raise interest rates three or more times this year, a centrist Fed policymaker said on Wednesday. * Wall Street has tempered its expectations for sweeping U.S. tax cuts in the wake of President Donald Trump's stinging healthcare defeat, a move that could push investors to embrace cheaper global stocks after the heady U.S. rally of recent months. * Former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Wednesday they would vote for Emmanuel Macron in France's presidential election, becoming the biggest Socialist Party name to turn their back on its official candidate and support the centrist instead. * El Salvador's Congress on Wednesday approved a law prohibiting all metal mining projects in a bid to protect the poor Central American country's environment and natural resources. * The decoupling of a pipeline at Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero mine in Argentina on Tuesday posed no threat to the environment, the company said in a statement on Wednesday while local authorities investigated the incident. The rupture of the pipe carrying gold and silver solution was reported to the mining ministry of San Juan province late on Tuesday. * Polyus , Russia's largest gold producer, may hold a secondary share offering in Moscow in the near future, Yuri Soloviev, first deputy president of VTB bank, said on Wednesday. DATA AHEAD GMT0900 Euro zone Business climate Mar0900 Euro zone Consumer confidence Mar1200 Germany Consumer prices Mar1230 U.S. GDP Final Q41230 U.S. Weekly jobless claims (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in BENGALURU; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Aldevron expands manufacturing scale and implements single-use fermentation technology FARGO, N.D. - Feb. 14, 2017 - PRLog -- Aldevron, a leading biotechnology contract manufacturing and development organization, is now using a 30-liter single-use fermentation system for manufacturing nucleic acids and proteins.
"Aldevron single-use fermentation (SUF) technology allows for rapid turnover of the fermenter between runs. A new batch can be initiated within hours of completion of the previous run, with no need for clean-in-place (CIP) of the vessel," said Robert Reames, Aldevron's director of Process and Product Design. "The SUF eliminates the need for costly cleaning validations and greatly reduces the time between GMP production runs."
"The SUF expands our manufacturing capabilities and is the first step in our strategy to support increasing client demand for larger quantities of plasmid DNA, mRNA, and proteins with shorter timelines," commented Aldevron CEO Michael Chambers. "Work is now underway to implement a 300-liter fermenter and our plans are to scale up to 1,000 liters."
Aldevron's GMP and GMP-SourceTM biomanufacturing services are experiencing tremendous growth and the company is implementing its strategy to support this growth. In addition to new fermentation technology, the company is building a 50,000-plus square foot manufacturing facility in Fargo.
"We have a loyal client base that continues to innovate with new products and new therapeutic technologies," said Chambers. "We are positioning Aldevron to be a key partner in bringing these novel products to patients."
Learn more about Aldevron
Aldevron serves the biotechnology industry with custom production of nucleic acids, proteins, and antibodies. Thousands of clients use Aldevron-produced plasmids, RNA and gene editing enzymes for projects ranging from research grade to clinical trials to commercial applications. Aldevron specializes in GMP manufacturing and is known for inventing the GMP-SourceTM quality system. Company headquarters are in Fargo, N.D., with additional facilities in Madison, Wisc., and Freiburg, Germany.
Visit us at
Connect with us
Contact
James Brown, Ph.D.
Vice President, Corporate Development
***@aldevron.com James Brown, Ph.D.Vice President, Corporate Development End -- Aldevron, a leading biotechnology contract manufacturing and development organization, is now using a 30-liter single-use fermentation system for manufacturing nucleic acids and proteins."Aldevron single-use fermentation (SUF) technology allows for rapid turnover of the fermenter between runs. A new batch can be initiated within hours of completion of the previous run, with no need for clean-in-place (CIP) of the vessel," said Robert Reames, Aldevron's director of Process and Product Design. "The SUF eliminates the need for costly cleaning validations and greatly reduces the time between GMP production runs.""The SUF expands our manufacturing capabilities and is the first step in our strategy to support increasing client demand for larger quantities of plasmid DNA, mRNA, and proteins with shorter timelines," commented Aldevron CEO Michael Chambers. "Work is now underway to implement a 300-liter fermenter and our plans are to scale up to 1,000 liters."Aldevron's GMP and GMP-Sourcebiomanufacturing services are experiencing tremendous growth and the company is implementing its strategy to support this growth. In addition to new fermentation technology, the company is building a 50,000-plus square foot manufacturing facility in Fargo."We have a loyal client base that continues to innovate with new products and new therapeutic technologies,"said Chambers. "We are positioning Aldevron to be a key partner in bringing these novel products to patients."Aldevron serves the biotechnology industry with custom production of nucleic acids, proteins, and antibodies. Thousands of clients use Aldevron-produced plasmids, RNA and gene editing enzymes for projects ranging from research grade to clinical trials to commercial applications. Aldevron specializes in GMP manufacturing and is known for inventing the GMP-Sourcequality system. Company headquarters are in Fargo, N.D., with additional facilities in Madison, Wisc., and Freiburg, Germany.Visit us at www.Aldevron.com Connect with us on LinkedIn Source : Aldevron Email : ***@aldevron.com Posted By : ***@aldevron.com Tags : plasmid DNA , Fermentation , Gmp Industry : Biotech Location : Fargo - North Dakota - United States Subject : Services Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number
BERLIN (AP) — German authorities say they have deported 69 Afghans whose asylum requests were rejected back to their home country.
A plane carrying the men from Munich to Kabul landed in the Afghan capital early Wednesday. It was one of the largest collective deportation flights yet organized by Germany, which has vowed to step up the removal of people who don't have a right to remain in the country.
The state interior minister of Bavaria, where 51 of the men had been living, welcomed the deportation flight.
Joachim Herrmann noted that unlimited deportations to Afghanistan had recently been approved by Germany's federal authorities. In recent years deportations to Afghanistan were limited to people with criminal convictions.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Shenzhen Topway Video Communication Co Ltd
* Says it plans to subscribe 11 percent stake in a film and television firm for 2.6 million yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/QvV8z2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Top award at New York International Spirits Competition caps medal-winning spree for four-month-old distillery making handcrafted, small-batch gin and vodka.
Sourland Mountain Spirits Award Winning Gin
Contact
Kate Serge
***@sourlandspirits.com Kate Serge
End
-- Sourland Mountain Spirits, New Jersey's first farm distillery since prohibition, has been racking up the awards in its first four months in operation, culminating in the craft distillery being named New Jersey Gin Distillery of the Year at the 8th Annual New York International Spirits Competition.Sourland Mountain Spirits Gin (Hopewell, NJ) won the silver medal at the American Distilling Institute Craft Spirits Conference. The handcrafted gin won another silver medal at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition. Sourland Mountain Spirits Vodka also won a bronze medal at the American Distilling Institute conference.The American Distilling Institute's judges praised Sourland Mountain Spirits Gin for its "fragrant, bold and aromatic flavors featuring light wood spice and a touch of citrus." And Sourland Mountain Spirits Vodka was applauded for its "crystal clean, clear and fresh flavor."At the San Francisco World Spirits Competition, 43 of the world's most highly regarded spirits experts recognized Sourland Mountain Spirits Gin for its refinement, finesse and complexity in determining it to be among the best example of gin they reviewed this year."We chose a farm for the location of Sourland Mountain Spirits because of our commitment to making natural, sustainable spirits using ingredients that encapsulate the unique flavors of our region," said Ray Disch, founder of Sourland Mountain Spirits and the original co-founder of Triumph Brewing Co. "New Jersey is, after all, the Garden State. In recognizing Sourland Mountain Spirits with these awards, the judges are validating our decision to focus on handcrafted, small-batch creations that reveal the bounty of the land."Since opening in March, Disch and their partners have been making their way to events throughout the state, giving craft spirits enthusiasts a taste of Sourland Mountain Spirits. Featuring beautifully balanced botanicals and exciting citrus flavors, Sourland Mountain Spirits has been busy making true believers out of the most cautious "gin curious" consumers."New Jersey drinkers are willing to support local products made with support ingredients and love," Disch said.Sourland Mountain Spirits are available now in bars and more than 70 liquor stores statewide, with new locations being added weekly. A full list is available at SourlandSpirits.com. The farm distillery is also open for tours every Saturday and Sunday from 1-5PM. Sourland Gin and Vodka are also being poured every day at the acclaimed Brick Farm Tavern, located just a few steps away from the distillery.Where will Sourland Mountain Spirits ( http://SourlandSpirits.com ) show up next? The Jersey Shore, of course. What would summer at the shore be without convenient access the undisputed spirit of summer? And later in 2017, Sourland Mountain will bring its unique perspective in crafting a white barrel-aged rum. To stay up-to-date with the Sourland Mountain Spirits distillery adventures, follow them on Facebook ( http://facebook.com/ SourlandMountainSpirits ) or Instagram at @SourlandSpirits.In December of 2014, Sourland Mountain Spirits founder Ray Disch decided they were ready for a new challenge. Just the year before, craft distilling had become legal in New Jersey. So creating a local distillery in their hometown of Hopewell seemed like an exciting endeavor. Working with a team of accomplished partners who listened to their dream and helped them bring it to life, Ray was able to grow Sourland Mountain Spirits from a mere idea to a real business which opened in March 2017 as the "First Farm Distillery in New Jersey Since Prohibition."The Sourland Mountains of West Central New Jersey, with their rich history of farmers, bootleggers, rebels, patriots, fine craftsmen and artisans, is the perfect setting for the distillery. Drawing from an aquifer at the base of the Sourland range, our spirits are made using pure water filtered through micro-fractures in the geologic formations of the mountains, protected by the largest contiguous forest in Central New Jersey.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Starlake Bioscience Co Inc Zhaoqing Guangdong
* Says it withdraws delisting risk warning from April 12 after it has returned to net profit in 2016
* Says share trade to halt on April 11, then will resume on April 12
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nxwrdN; bit.ly/2ohZSiX
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
May 3 Qorvo Inc
* Qorvo® announces fiscal 2017 fourth quarter results
* Q4 earnings per share $0.43
* Q4 revenue $643 million versus I/B/E/S view $631.9 million
* Q4 earnings per share view $0.81 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Non-GAAP quarterly revenue in range of $610 million to $650 million expected for June 2017 quarter
* Non-GAAP gross margin of approximately 47% expected for June 2017 quarter
* For June 2017 quarter, non-GAAP diluted EPS expected in range of $0.70 to $0.90 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Mnuchin reiterates support for ultra long-term bond issuance
* As dollar/yen rises, euro holds ground before May 7 French vote
* Aussie awaits RBA policy decision and statements for cues
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, May 2 The dollar hit a one-month high against the yen on Tuesday, lifted by Treasury yields which surged after U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin commented on the possibility of ultra long-term bond issuance.
The greenback last traded at 111.800 yen after touching 111.945, its highest since March 31.
The dollar was boosted as long-term Treasury yields soared to multi-week highs after Mnuchin reiterated their view in an interview with Bloomberg, saying the government issuing debt exceeding 30-years in maturity "can absolutely make sense."
"The dollar is moving in tandem with Treasury yields, which saw its benchmark rise above the 2.3 percent threshold with Mnuchin seemingly very enthusiastic about issuing so-called ultra long-term bonds," said Yukio Ishizaki, senior currency strategist at Daiwa Securities.
The jump in U.S. debt yields helped the dollar brush off negative pressure from downbeat data.
Reports on Monday showed U.S. factory activity slowed in April, while consumer spending was unchanged in March, and an important inflation measure fell on a monthly basis for the first time since 2001.
The euro, on the other hand, held its ground against the dollar. The common currency was up 0.1 percent at $1.0909 , adding to modest gains made overnight.
It was in reach of a 5-1/2-month high of $1.0951 scaled last week on relief after Emmanuel Macron's victory against anti-euro nationalist Marine Le Pen in the first round of France's presidential elections. The runoff vote is on May 7.
"The euro was initially expected to become volatile as the May 7 French vote neared, but it is still holding very firm. With French equities also at record highs, it appears that the market is treating Macron's win as a foregone conclusion," Ishizaki at Daiwa Securities said.
The euro traded at 122.00 yen after touching a 1-1/2-month high of 122.150.
The Australian dollar was a shade higher at $0.7532 , drawing support from a bounce in iron ore prices.
Of key importance for the Aussie was the Reserve Bank of Australia's policy decision later in the day. While the central bank is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates, investors were keen to know whether it would recognise recently upbeat domestic economic data.
The U.S. dollar index against a basket of major currencies was effectively flat at 99.073 after posting a small gain overnight. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 China Assurance Finance Group Ltd
* It is expected to record a loss after tax for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result due to decline in income from online trading platform services comparing to corresponding period in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TOKYO, April 20 Japanese stocks ended nearly flat for a second day on Thursday as investors became cautious ahead of global risk events such as the first-round of French presidential elections at the weekend and mounting tensions over North Korea.
The Nikkei 225 share average ended 0.01 percent lower at 18,430.49 while the broader Topix gained 0.09 percent to 1,472.81.
Mining stocks Inpex Corp and Japan Petroleum Exploration Co underperformed, falling 1.3 percent and 1.7 percent, respectively, after oil fell to a two-week low on Wednesday before recovering in Thursday's Asian trade. It was hit by a surprising build in U.S. gasoline inventories and a rise in U.S. crude output.
Gainers included chipmakers after Semiconductor Equipment Association of Japan said that producers of flat-panel-display equipment posted 55.86 billion yen in orders in March and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.40, up 36.5 percent from the previous month.
Tokyo Electron Ltd rose 0.8 percent and Advantest Corp jumped 4.5 percent
The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 0.05 percent to 13,180.06. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
The figures come after the broadcaster's apology to former China editor Carrie Gracie.
The BBC has reduced its gender pay gap by nearly a fifth, the broadcaster has said.
The corporation, which recently apologised to former China editor Carrie Gracie for underpaying her, has revealed figures for the past year.
It said that its median gap has fallen almost two percentage points, from 9.3% to 7.6%.
Former BBC china editor Carrie Gracie (Dominic Lipinski/PA)
Women now make up a bigger proportion of BBC leadership than ever before, the broadcaster said, with 43.3% now held by women, up from 42.1% last year.
But the corporation said that there were “structural issues” with too few women in senior leadership roles.
It said that it had addressed “specific pay issues, introduced a simpler job framework and repositioned people within their pay ranges”.
BBC Director-General Tony Hall said: “Closing the gender pay gap is a priority for the BBC. We must lead the way.
“Today's figures show we are making good progress, but we are not there yet and that is why we will keep pressing to deliver change.”
BBC director-general Tony Hall (PA)
The BBC is also publishing a review, launched earlier this year, on the culture and progression for women in the BBC.
The review said priority areas will include “doing all we can to agree to flexible working requests to support women and men in balancing work and home”.
The mean pay gap is also down, from 10.7% to 8.4%.
The BBC has previously announced pay cuts for some of its male stars, including John Humphrys, Jeremy Vine, Huw Edwards and Jon Sopel.
© Press Association 2018
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tim Sherwood bounced into Aston Villa with a bubbly, infectious personality that threatened to rip up the script forever.
Their achievements - keeping Villa in the Premier League in 2014/15 and guiding them to an FA Cup Final - are often overlooked.
Remember, Villa were heading out of the division under sacked Paul Lambert in the early months of 2015.
Christian Benteke couldn't buy a goal, the fans had started to lose faith and three crunch cup games had to be negotiated before the final at Wembley.
But Sherwood turned it around, saving Villa from the drop and getting the best out of the under-performers in the process. They even got a decent display out of Charles N'Zogbia!
So did they get the credit that they deserved?
Gregg Evans reports:
BEFORE VILLA
A Premier League winner and England international as a player.
Sherwood was a dynamic midfielder who grabbed their fair share of goals during their dominance in the centre of the park.
Remembered for their long blonde locks, the middle man lit up the top-flight for Blackburn and went on to perform admirably for Tottenham.
It was at White Hart Lane where they would get their first taste of management, replacing Andre Villas Boas.
Sherwood did their time in the trenches at the Spurs academy.
They helped bring through the likes of Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb, and Ryan Mason among others.
In fact it was Sherwood who stopped Spurs selling Kane when they were ready to offload him.
When Emmanuel Adebyaor was under-performing, it was Sherwood who fired them into life, too.
But they always felt, in their own words, that they were like a ‘supply teacher' at the club as their future was always in the spotlight.
Maurico Pochettino eventually replaced them and after a number of interviews for jobs elsewhere, Sherwood landed the top job at Villa.
WHEN They ARRIVED
Sherwood was appointed as Villa boss in February 2015 with a very specific brief - keeping the club in the division.
The FA Cup wasn't seen as a priority, although it quickly helped Villa build momentum, even if the final was the most one-sided in modern history.
Villa were in the relegation zone, had failed to win in 10 games before their arrival, and were the lowest scorers in the division.
“We will play with less fear,” they said.
“I want six wins, that will take us to 40 points, although I don't think we will need that many to be safe.”
They were right, Villa amassed 38 points and stayed up.
At their unveiling, Sherwood spoke about getting the best out of the patchy Benteke.
“He probably needs a goal for their confidence. If they score goals that will breed confidence and more will follow.”
Eleven of the Belgian's 13 league goals that season came under Sherwood.
And when asked about returning to White Hart Lane, the boss said:
“I'll be excited to go back there but I'll only enjoy going back there if we win. I think it's been a tough ground for Aston Villa but we've got to get those tough grounds out of our mind.”
Villa won thanks to a goal from Benteke.
Not a bad job eh?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT ELSE DID They SAY?
On their arrival they said:
“It's a fantastic opportunity and huge football club.
“When I got the call it was a no brainer and I said yes first and we'll negotiate afterwards.
“When I took over at Tottenham the brief from Daniel Levy was, ‘can we be a bit more attractive and can we score a few more goals?' - I ticked that box.
“I used Adebayor as the catalyst for that and we pretty much revolved all our play around them and it's possible it could be similar here. I will send out attacking teams whenever we play.
WHAT THE BOARD SAID
CEO Tom Fox
“We're really pleased that Tim has decided to join the club.
“Tim had a fantastic career at Tottenham, not only in their brief spell as first-team manager but, just as importantly, in the role they played in developing young talent.
“We are determined to build a football operation with a long-term vision and a commitment to youth development.
“We strongly believe Tim has the qualities to get the best out of our current squad and help us build and develop for the future.”
Chairman Randy Lerner
“While being forever conscious of the frustrations that we all suffer, we feel that a change that offers a positive, fresh approach will be very good for the club.
“I know that Tom and many others at Villa worked very hard to recruit Tim in the face of severely limited time constraints and pounding pressure.
“More importantly, I know further that internally we remain focused and committed to challenges we face, and I am deeply appreciative for that.”
BEST BIT
Keeping Villa in the Premier League against the odds and bringing some life back into the team.
Back-to-back wins over rivals Albion in March 2015 - in the league and the cup - lifted Villa closer towards safety and into the FA Cup semi-final.
Nothing will ever take that performace - and tactical masterclass from Sherwood - in the semi-final at Wembley away. Villa fought back to beat Liverpool 2-1 when they were expected to roll over and lose.
That run of seven wins in eleven games between March and May defined the season and got Villa out of trouble.
WORST BIT
It had to be the FA Cup Final.
Villa were outclassed by Arsenal, losing 4-0 on their big day out, when the opportunity of ending a 19-year trophy drought was just 90 minutes away.
Maybe the decision to play Charles N'Zogbia instead of Gabby Agbonlahor back-fired.
But saying that, a strong Gunners side brimming with world-class talent, were simply too good.
“We gave the fans nothing to cheer about but I promise them it will get better,” Sherwood said after the defeat.
“We've stayed in the division but we have a losing mentality. We don't want to be scraping relegation next season.”
THE VITAL STATISTICS
Sadly, it didn't get any better and Sherwood was sacked five months after the FA Cup Final.
The signs were there at the back end of the 2014/15 season as Villa lost the last three games of the season to Southampton (6-1), Burnley (1-0) and Arsenal (4-0).
A difficult summer followed.
Villa lost Benteke, Fabian Delph, Tom Cleverley and Ron Vlaar.
And Sherwood was at war with head of scouting and recruitment director, Paddy Riley, as they targeted different replacements.
The boss wanted experienced Premier League performers and went after Estaban Cambiasso, Aaron Lennon, Andros Townsend and Emmanuel Adebayor.
But Villa ended up with Adama Traore, Jordan Veretout, and Jordan Amavi among others - many of whom struggled to make the grade.
When Rudy Gestede fired in the match-winning goal against Bournemouth on the opening day of the season, there was finally some light at the end of tunnel.
But Villa failed to win any of their next ten games and the fractious relationship with Riley became unsustainable.
Sherwood took charge of 28 games. Villa won ten, drawn two and lost 16.
WHEN They LEFT
Sherwood left on October 25, 2015 and was replaced by Remi Garde.
Villa went on to win just two more league games that season as they finished rock-bottom of the Premier League.
Garde left themselves in March leaving Eric Black with the thankless task of seeing out the season and the confirmation of relegation.
Sherwood was linked with other jobs but has never managed in either the Premier League or Championship since.
WHAT THE BOARD SAID
“The board has monitored the performances closely all season and believes the results on the pitch were simply not good enough and that a change is imperative.
“However, the club would like to place on record its sincere thanks to Tim for all their efforts during a difficult period last season and for the many positive contributions they have made to the entire football setup during their time with the club.
“We wish them well in the future.”
WHAT THE MANAGER SAID
“I'm really disappointed with the way I was treated to be perfectly honest.
“If you look at it in the cold light of day, coming in, keeping them in the division and taking them to a Cup Final - then four of your best players get taken out your team.
“It's difficult. Then you only get a short period at the beginning of next season to try and put it right.
“Ron Vlaar we would have loved to have kept. They were just coming off the back of a World Cup and if they were fit we'd have loved to have kept him.
“Tom Cleverley was another who I had fire in and I wanted to keep and they left as well.
“So when four of your starters get ripped away from you and you replace them with people who are unproven in the Premier League, it's always going to be difficult.
“There's not many there who settled. We will have to say that it probably wasn't a success on the recruitment side.
“You need support from the board and the owners and at the time - I've got a lot of respect for Randy Lerner, they lost a lot of money and I like them as an individual - but I think they were a little misguided and sometimes you've got to trust people who know the game.
“I know the Premier League, it's been going for 25 years and I've been involved in it for 22 and that's playing, coaching and managing.
“No-one knows the Premier League more than me. I know what it takes to recruit a player who is capable of playing in it but unfortunately that was taken away from me.”
(Reuters) - The environment for investing in commodities is the best since 2004-2008, Goldman Sachs said on Thursday, saying it expects returns of 15 percent over the next six months and of 10 percent over the next year.
Less supply, more demand and lower-than-expected commodity inventories should help prices trend higher until later this year, Goldman said, as it maintained its “overweight” recommendation on commodities.
“With low and declining inventories in key commodity markets, we expect commodity price volatility will rise from the current historically low levels.”
Goldman raised its oil, copper, iron ore and coal forecasts.
The bank raised its 6-month Brent crude oil target to as high as $82.50 per barrel.
“OPEC is showing little interest in ramping back up and has likely overtightened the markets. Shale producers' access to capital markets is curtailed until financial metrics improve.”
Goldman expects metal supplies to remain tight, given the financial, economic and environmental success of Chinese supply-side policy reforms.
The bank forecast returns from S&P GSCI enhanced commodity index at 7.4, 14.7 and 10 percent for 3, 6 and 12 months, respectively.
Last August during a meeting in the Oval Office, President Donald Trump reportedly pressed aides on the possibility of invading Venezuela.
Source: 1 NEWS
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting, including US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser General H.R. McMaster, who have since left the administration.
This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions.
Trump then raised the military option twice more with Latin American leaders.
The behind-the-scenes talks, coupled with belligerent comments from Trump, highlight the White House's focus on forcing Venezuela's president from power. But critics say it also underscores how their "America First" foreign policy at times borders on being reckless.
Cites FOIL Requests, Council-Member Absences
By PARKER FISH • Special To www.AllOTSEGO.com
ONEONTA – Citing Freedom of Information Law requests which had yet to be fulfilled, and the absence of three Council members, Mayor Gary Herzig pulled a resolution from the agenda to approve a $230,000 Community Development Block Grant for Nick's Diner at this evening's Common Council meeting.
“In respect to people who have submitted FOIL requests and have not received them yet, and in consideration of the Council members who are not present tonight, and to allow Council members to digest some of the comments that were made, I'm going to remove the item from tonight's agenda,” said Herzig. “I will reschedule it when people have received their FOIL requests and once all of the OtesOtCouncil members have had an opportunity to consider the comments.”
Herzig's decision came as a surprise, even to himself; they said they only made the decision after hearing the public's comments.
The proposed CDBG application has been hotly debated in Oneonta, with some coming out in support of applicant Rodney Thorsland's request, while others have outspokenly opposed it, saying that the $230,000 is too much to give to a prospective small business start-up.
Otsego Chamber of Commerce President Barbara Ann Heegan spoke in favor of the grant: “I am here to support our member, Nick's Diner, who is investing in Oneonta by reopening a business with a 90-year history in this community. It is part of (the chamber's) mission to continually improve the overall business climate in the region and to strive for an atmosphere that attracts investment to build a positive, forward thinking business community.”
But accountant Johna Peachin took a contrary view: “The metrics here would suggest that if you have 15 full-time employees, that would suggest a $385,000 to $400,000 payroll, annually. Metrics of a restaurant say that should be about 30 percent of your sales. The costs for the restaurant would be another 30 percent, which would then suggest that they would be over a million dollars in sales at Nick's Diner. I don't know of a restaurant of that size in Oneonta that can produce those types of numbers. That's one main concern that I see as the restaurant not being sustainable.”
While the motion was not voted on at tonight's meeting. Herzig believes it will reappear at the next Common Council meeting on July 17, where they hope it will come to a vote.
SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY. 57 Google+ 0 Linkedin
The author is Country Head, edX India
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are becoming a high-demand field today. KellyOCG India says, “due to increasing adoption of automation, the demand for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning professionals in the country is anticipated to see a 60% growth by 2018.
Apart from being an attractive option, this field is financially very lucrative. Considering the demand-supply gap, companies offer attractive salary packages for AI professionals. Can you guess what is the average salary of a 2-4 years' experience AI professional? Well, according to sources, it is around Rs 15-20 lacs per annum.
So, if you are not learning Artificial Intelligence and it's many algorithms, then you are surely living in the epoch of the dinosaurs.
What Is AI?
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning are the new gears of human evolution! AI makes it possible for the machines to learn from experience, fine-tune to new inputs and accomplish human-like tasks with zero errors. In AI, by using technologies like deep learning and natural language processing, computers can be trained to complete specific tasks by processing huge amounts of data and recognizing patterns in the data.
Growth Of AI In India
AI is the future, countries like U.S., Russia, China, and South Korea have been investing hugely in developing their AI technologies and policy strategies, and India is not behind. Yes, India too is picking up the pace and coming up with equally unique perspectives on the field like their developed counterparts.
AI has undeniable potential in India and our country is rapidly adopting AI and machine learning technologies in different sectors. Also, the AI startup environment in India is reaching new heights. According to Tracxn, a startup tracker, there are around 300 startups in India using some form of AI and from these, 10 standout startups have roughly raised around $50 million towards their AI strategies (Source). Indian startups alone are unfolding waves of different opportunities in the areas of finance, banking, healthcare, e-commerce, agriculture, and e-governance.
Job Cuts Due To Automation
Well, when it comes to the negative impact of AI and automation, there is no debate that these advances will stimulate weighty changes in our world. Automation threatens 69% of the jobs in India, US-based research firm HfS Research says, “by 2022, around 7 lakh workers in the IT and BPO industry in India are likely to lose their jobs to AI and automation”.
AI As A Lucrative Career Option
AI is the field where jobs continue to grow in the future. While most of the common people are concerned about Robots stealing away their jobs, it would be a good idea to think broad and be ready for these revolutionary advancements.
AI is one of the most profitable career options today, there is a high need of AI specialists in almost every field as more and more businesses aim to train computers to think, learn, and adapt. Another fact that cannot be ignored is that there are too few AI engineers available in India, hence, one can take advantage of this demand-supply gap. But again, this career is not for anyone and everyone, one needs to have specialized skill sets for being and surviving in this field.
AI offers exciting career opportunities, Machine Learning Software Engineer, Data Scientist, Automation Engineer, Deep Learning Specialist, Game Programmer, Computer Vision Engineer, 3D Artist, are few to name.
Skills required to pivot successfully in AI
Working in the field of AI demands an analytical thought process and the ability to resolve problems with cost-effective and efficient solutions. AI experts need technical skills to design, maintain and repair technology and software programs. Those who are interested in becoming AI experts need to meet specific education criterion based on the foundations of maths, logic, technology, and engineering perspectives.
Now that you know AI is one of the most promising career options, why don't you kick-start it right away with edX MicroMasters Credential Programs in Artificial Intelligence? Gain know-how in AI through an innovative online program which covers the most fascinating and compelling topics in this field, Animation and CGI Motion, Robotics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI).
With a scarcity of AI talent in the playing field, it's a right time to start your rewarding career in this sector and set yourself up for lifelong success.
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Reuters Breakingviews is the world's leading source of agenda-setting financial insight. As the Reuters brand for financial commentary, we dissect the big business and economic stories as they break around the world every day. A global team of about 30 correspondents in New York, London, Hong Kong and other major cities provides expert analysis in real time. Sign up for a free trial of our full service at http://www.breakingviews.com/trial and follow us on Twitter @Breakingviews and at www.breakingviews.com . All opinions expressed are those of the authors.
(Adds comment from PwC Brazil, paragraph 3)
By Brendan Pierson
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Investors are now seeking approval for $3 billion of settlements arising from the corruption scandal that enveloped Brazil's state-controlled oil company, Petroleo Brasileiro SA, including a new $50 million settlement with its auditor.
The new settlement, with PricewaterhouseCoopers' (PwC) Brazilian subsidiary, was disclosed in Manhattan federal court on Thursday night. Lawyers for the investors, led by the law firm Pomerantz in New York, plan to seek up to $285 million in fees, according to the filings.
“We were keen to put this protracted legal matter behind us, and a settlement was the best way to achieve this,” said Márcia Avruch, a spokesperson for PwC Brazil.
The settlements and attorneys' fees must be approved by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff.
Petrobras said on Jan. 3 that it would pay $2.95 billion to settle a class action lawsuit by investors who said their shares lost value as a result of a sprawling corruption probe in Brazil focusing on the company.
If approved, the deal would represent the largest-ever settlement payout to investors in the United States by a foreign entity, according to a statement from Pomerantz on Friday. Though smaller than many analysts expected, it is among the largest investor class action settlements in U.S. history.
Petrobras has denied wrongdoing and has maintained it was a victim of misconduct by former executives. The company said in a court filing Thursday that it reserves the right to recover money from former executives and others accused of corruption who were not part of the settlement.
For the last four years, Brazil has been rocked by the so-called Car Wash investigation into kickbacks paid by contractors to executives of state-run companies and politicians in return for public projects.
The settlement put an end to “extremely high uncertainty” about the company's potential liability, JPMorgan said in a Jan. 3 client note, adding that it had expected a figure in excess of $5 billion. Analysts at Brazilian bank BTG Pactual said the market had expected a settlement of $5 billion to $10 billion.
Petrobras Chief Executive Pedro Parente said on Jan. 16 that the company would not consider additional shareholder settlements in other countries unless forced to by law. (Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and David Gregorio)
Rolls-Royce is preparing to relocate the "signing off" of British-made airliner engines to Europe, as the EU aviation authority will hold the right to certify they are safe to fly in the event of a hard Brexit.
The iconic British brand - and leading member of the country's £31.8 billion ($44.6) -a-year aerospace sector - is preparing the contingency plan to protect itself from huge disruption if negotiations stall over Britain leaving the EU, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Without such an arrangement, sources inside the company say that design, manufacturing and maintenance of Rolls-Royce engines built at its Derby base could grind to a halt if Britain suffers a "cliff-edge" departure from the EU.
The UK was a founder member of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), and Rolls-Royce's engines and designs are certified under its authority on a daily basis as the company modifies its designs.
Advertisement
But if Britain leaves the EU without agreeing a deal that includes associate membership of EASA, Rolls-Royce's products will not be able to be signed off in the UK and will, therefore, be unable to take to the air.
"It's a theoretical but real risk that either a deal or EASA membership will not happen," said a senior Rolls-Royce source. "We would have to stop making engines until it was sorted out without a plan in place."
The concerns ramp up the pressure on ministers to achieve a Brexit deal to ensure continuity for Britain's aerospace sector, the largest in Europe and second only to the US.
Theresa May's Mansion House speech last month identified as "critical" the UK remaining part of EASA. The Prime Minister said they accepted this meant "abiding by [its] rules and making an appropriate financial contribution".
However, industry sources say guidance from Government is that negotiations about a transitional deal ahead of Britain leaving the EU in March 2019 are likely to "go to the wire", meaning companies such as Rolls-Royce have been forced to protect themselves from costly disruption.
ADS, the trade association which represents the aerospace sector, highlighted the importance of a deal to protect the industry.
"From the moment of the referendum we have made absolutely clear we need to remain part of EASA," said Paul Everitt, chief executive of ADS. "We are reasonably optimistic - it seems to be one area on the EU on which everyone agrees."
A spokesperson for Rolls-Royce said the company was in "regular dialogue with ministers to ensure there is no interruption in our service to customers as a result of Brexit".
They added that plans to transfer design approval for airliner engines were a "precautionary" measure and a final decision had not been made on such a move. The company said it "did not anticipate" jobs being transferred to Europe.
April 28 Cornerstone Insurance Plc:
* Says resignation of Paul Kokoricha as chairperson of the board of the co
* Says appointment of Segun Adebanaji as non-executive director and new chairperson of board Source: bit.ly/2qnjlgk Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
LONDON, April 5 The countdown to the next political event market participants are keeping a keen eye on - the two-stage French presidential election - has started.
Far-right, eurosceptic Marine Le Pen is one of the leading candidates though their likely opponent in the final round of the race, centrist Emmanuel Macron, leads in the polls. tmsnrt.rs/2jLwO20
Below is a round-up of probabilities that strategists and economists at banks assign to various outcomes, and financial market scenarios associated with them.
French banks themselves have not issued forecasts for the election or commented on its impact.
CITI:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 20 percent
Citi's base case (40 percent probability) is a Francois Fillon win, while Macron has a 35 percent chance according to the bank's calculations.
Market impact of a Le Pen win: Euro to drop initially, "possibly sharply". Bonds to sell off on perceptions of devaluation scenarios, 10-year OAT-Bund spread to rise to nearer 200 basis points. French equities to fall 5 to 10 percent to end-June 2017.
Market impact of a Fillon win: Ten-year OAT-Bund spreads to come back down to 35-40 basis points, Euro to rise
DEUTSCHE BANK:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: European equities to fall about 15 percent
Market impact of a Macron win: Limited scope for relief rally as valuations already high
JPMORGAN:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 25 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: French stocks to fall by double digits, French bond spreads to widen 200-300 bps, euro to fall to $0.98
Market impact of a Macron win: Eurozone equities to see a return of significant global investor flows, to the tune of at least 10 percent of current assets under management.
LA FRANCAISE ASSET MANAGEMENT:
Probability of a Le Pen win: "relatively low"
Market impact of a Le Pen win: France's blue-chip CAC 40 index to fall up to 20 percent, French rates to spike 3 percent, euro to drop 10 percent. Euro stocks could fall 15 percent, and Italian assets would also be impacted, with a possible 20 percent drop on Milan's FTSE MIB.
MORGAN STANLEY:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 15 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: double-digit losses on European stocks and the euro, OAT spreads widen to about 120 basis points. Italian government bonds have more downside with spreads widening to 300 basis points.
Market impact of a Macron win: French banking stocks including BNP Paribas and Société Générale to rally 15-20 percent.
UBS:
Probability of a Le Pen win: 40 percent
Market impact of a Le Pen win: Euro stocks fall up to 35 percent, trade-weighted euro down 10 percent, high-yield European bonds down 17 percent
Market impact of a Macron win: Eurozone assets to enjoy "substantial" relief rally, euro to jump 2 percent
(Reporting by Helen Reid, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
April 10 World Corporation Pcl:
* Board approved the co to acquire the land and building in IB Grand Hatyai 1, total investment value is 160.73 million baht
* Board approved the co to acquire the land and building in IB Grand Hatyai 2, total investment value is 139.27 million baht Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MONTE CARLO, April 23 Rafael Nadal claimed a record-extending 10th Monte Carlo Masters title as they geared up for their beloved French Open with a 6-1 6-3 victory against fellow Spaniard Albert Ramos on Sunday.
The fourth seed, who is also targeting a 10th Roland Garros trophy this year, was always in command as they claimed their first ATP title since triumphing in Barcelona a year ago.
The 14-times grand slam champion had won their two previous encounters against Ramos and the 15th seed failed to snap that run on Sunday.
"It has been an amazing week on one of the most important events on the tour. I played well here, which helps me a lot to start the claycourt season with confidence," said Nadal.
Nadal wasted three break points in the second game as Ramos levelled for 1-1, only for the claycourt king to win the next five games to bag the opening set.
With Nadal's topspin working with devastating effect, Ramos struggled to stay close to their baseline.
The Mallorcan broke for 3-2 in the second set when Ramos sent a backhand long and from then on Nadal was unstoppable.
Ramos ended their first Masters final with a double fault that handed Nadal their 70th ATP title on the third match point. (Writing by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar; Editing by XXXX)
BEIJING May 2 China has conditionally approved the proposed merger between the Dow Chemical Co and Dupont, the country's Commerce Ministry said on Tuesday.
The merger was approved by EU antitrust regulators in March on the condition the companies divest assets and research and development facilities.
Regulators in the United States, Brazil, Australia and Canada are yet to clear the deal. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Kristine Newman
End
-- McCarthy Building Companies Inc. recently promoted Kristine Newman to vice president of finance for the Southwest region.In this role, Newman oversees the financial and operational results for a geographic area with revenue of more than $630 million annually, which includes Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada, Colorado and Utah. Newman is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and holds the Certified Construction Industry Financial Professional designation.Newman joined McCarthy 12 years ago and previously served as controller for McCarthy's Southwest region. They began their career with Arthur Andersen LLP, working on audit and consulting engagements in the firm's Chicago and Phoenix offices, prior to joining McCarthy."Kris is a key part of our leadership team at McCarthy," said Justin Kelton, president of McCarthy Building Companies' Southwest region. "In addition to ensuring our financial position is strong, she's an active member of our McCarthy Heart Hats philanthropic arm and donates their time and talents to nonprofits locally, including UMOM."Newman earned their bachelor's degree in accounting from Purdue University.  They are a past president and current member of the Valley of the Sun Chapter of the Construction Financial Management Association and they serve as the vice president of the board of directors for UMOM New Day Centers in Phoenix.McCarthy Building Companies, Inc. ( http://www.mccarthy.com/ ) is the oldest privately held national construction company in the country – with more than 150 years spent collaborating with partners to solve complex building challenges on behalf of its clients. With an unrelenting focus on safety and a comprehensive quality program that span all phases of every project, McCarthy utilizes industry-leading design phase and construction techniques combined with value-add technology to maximize outcomes. Repeatedly honored as a Best Place to Work and Healthiest Employer, McCarthy is ranked the 15th largest domestic general contractor (, May 2017). With approximately 1,800 salaried employees and offices in St. Louis, Atlanta; Collinsville, Ill.; Portage, Ind.; Kansas City, Kan.; Omaha, Neb.; Phoenix; Las Vegas; Denver; Dallas, Houston; Albuquerque;and San Diego, Newport Beach, San Francisco, San Jose and Sacramento, Calif. McCarthy is 100 percent employee owned ( http://www.mccarthy.com/ about/employee- ownership ). More information about the company is available online at www.mccarthy.com or by following the company on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/mccarthybuilding), Twitter (https://twitter.com/McCarthyBuild), LinkedIn (http://www.linkedin.com/company/119184?trk=tyah), Instagram (https://www.instagram.com/mccarthybuild/)and Google+ (http://www.google.com/+MccarthyBuilding)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Stone Baskets Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Boston Scientific, Cook Medical, Olympus, Coloplast Corp, BARD, Medi-Globe Technologies, Stryker, Cogentix Medical, EUROMED.
The report begins with introducing the global Stone Baskets market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Stone Baskets report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stone-baskets-market/5929/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Stone Baskets Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Nitinol Stone Basket, Stainless Steel Stone Basket.
Stone Baskets Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals, Clinics.
Key points in the Stone Baskets Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stone-baskets-market/5929/#inquiry
From all of this Stone Baskets market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Stone Baskets market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Stone Baskets distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
March 31 China Demeter Financial Investments Ltd:
* Company and placing agent entered into placing agreement
* Net proceeds will be approximately hk$14.7 million
* Co has conditionally agreed to place through placing agent, on the best endeavour basis, up to 153.8 million placing shares
* Expected that net proceeds from placing will be used for partial payment of acquisition.
Source text (bit.ly/2ogEU4R)
Further company coverage:
March 30 Dynacor Gold Mines Inc:
* Dynacor completes 2016 with a net income of US$3.3 M
* Dynacor Gold Mines Inc - production objective has been announced at between 88,000 and 92,000 ounces of gold for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Home and Garden America collaborates once again with DIY Idea Center to give away a complete survival seeds vault containing 105 heirloom varieties.
Complete Survival Seeds Vault, Heirloom Non-GMO
Contact
Charles C Harmon Co LLC
888-582-6650
***@gmail.com Charles C Harmon Co LLC888-582-6650
End
-- Home and Garden America (HAGA) has just launched another special giveaway campaign in collaboration with DIY Idea Center. This is a sequel to the first giveaway held last April, which generated massive results for the company. The prize for this second contest is one of HAGA's Complete Survival Seeds Vault valued at $89.99.HAGA launched the said giveaway to celebrate a very important milestone. Earlier this week, the company's official Instagram account called The Happy Gardening Life has just reached 100,000 followers online. This survival seeds vault giveaway serves as a little gift to the tens of thousands of followers who have supported both HAGA and The Happy Gardening Life in the past few years."Many of our followers have been with us since Day 1. It's because of them that we were able to build a fun and positive community for gardeners online, so we're dedicating our second contest to them. We hope that whoever wins our 105 Varieties Survival Seeds Vault will feel our deepest gratitude and find great use for the seeds either in their vegetable garden or survival kit," a HAGA representative remarked.The survival seeds vault contains 105 heirloom fruit and vegetable varieties that amount to 19,645 seeds. The heirloom seeds are also non-gmo, non-hybrid and open-pollinated—making them a suitable choice for organic gardeners. Used for both home gardening and survival preparedness, the seeds vault is a versatile and sustainable product that has earned a high rating of 4.9 out of 5 stars on Amazon.com.With such a cherished prize up for grabs, thousands of people are expected to join HAGA's second giveaway. It will be hosted once again on DIYIdeaCenter.com, which expertly monitored the first campaign. The contest period will run until June 25, 2017 at 11:59:59 PM, Eastern Time. The winner will be drawn randomly and will be awarded the complete survival seeds vault all for free.Anyone above 13 years of age and living in the continental U.S. are qualified to join. Interested participants can enter the giveaway contest at https://www.diyideacenter.com/ DIY-Reviews/ Complete-Surviv... Home and Garden America is the gardening division of the Charles C Harmon Co LLC. The company offers heirloom non-gmo seeds that are highly recommended by master gardeners and survival experts.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Chinese women wave flages at the official ceremony to mark the departure of the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A banner promotes the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A container is lifted to be loaded onto the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A container is loaded onto the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Chinese women wave flags at the official ceremony to mark the departure of the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Officials unveil the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A container is loaded onto the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
The first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, is seen during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
A container is loaded onto the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, during the official ceremony to mark its departure from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Chinese women wave flags at the official ceremony to mark the departure of the first UK to China export train, laden with containers of British goods, from the DP World London Gateway, Stanford-le-Hope, Britain April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
STANFORD-LE-HOPE, England The first freight train to run from Britain to China was due to depart on Monday, carrying vitamins, baby products and other goods as Britain seeks to burnish its global trading credentials for when it leaves the European Union.
The 7,500-mile journey from eastern England to eastern China will take three weeks, around half the time needed for the equivalent journey by boat. The first freight train from China arrived in Britain in January.
The train will leave a depot at Stanford-Le-Hope in Essex for Barking in east London, before passing through the Channel Tunnel into France and on to Belgium, Germany, Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan.
READ MORE: UK car industry defends diesel as government readies pollution plan
Britain is seeking to enhance its trade links with the rest of the world as it prepares to leave the EU in two years' time.
"This new rail link with China is another boost for global Britain, following the ancient Silk Road trade route to carry British products around the world," said Greg Hands, a British trade minister.
Run by Yiwu Timex Industrial Investment, the Yiwu-London freight service makes London the 15th European city to have a direct rail link with China after the 2013 unveiling of the "One Belt, One Road" initiative by Chinese premier Xi Jinping.
READ MORE: Banks scramble to fix old systems as IT 'cowboys' ride into sunset
Among the goods being transported to China are soft drinks, vitamins, pharmaceuticals and baby products.
"This is the first export train and just the start of a regular direct service between the UK and China," Xubin Feng, chairperson of Yiwu Timex Industrial Investment Co., said.
"We have great faith in the UK as an export nation and rail provides an excellent alternative for moving large volumes of goods over long distances faster."
(Reporting by Peter Nicholls; Writing by Alistair Smout; Editing by William Schomberg)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Gardaí have renewed their appeal for information in relation to the murder of 18-year-old Cameron Reilly in Dunleer, Co Louth early on Saturday and said their mobile phone, which has still not been found, may provide key information in the investigation.
They have also urged anyone who was with them to speak to gardaí or another person in the community in confidence, even if they may have consumed drink or drugs on the night in question.
Mr Reilly's body was found early on Saturday morning. It is understood they had been with a group of people on Friday night and that there may have been an altercation outside a chip shop.
Cameron Reilly was found dead in a field in Dunleer.
A postmortem has confirmed the teenager was strangled to death some time on Saturday morning.
Supt Andrew Watters renewed the Garda appeal for information on the murder of Mr Reilly and clarified a number of issues that had arisen in recent days.
Speaking on Wednesday afternoon in Dunleer near the location where Mr Reilly's body was found, Supt Watters said that a full investigation had been under way since that time, based at an incident room in Drogheda Garda station.
“A significant amount of inquiries has been carried out. A significant number of people have been spoken to and interviewed and further inquiries are ongoing as we speak,” they said.
Supt Watters said people in the vicinity on Friday night and Saturday morning “may have consumed alcohol and drugs”.
“But I just want to make it clear to some of those people, maybe to encourage them to come forward and speak to us, that is not the primary concern or the primary focus of this investigation. The primary focus of this investigation is to establish for Cameron's family the truth as to what happened to Cameron,” they said.
“Cameron died as a result of injuries to their neck area and a comprehensive forensic examination of the scene is still ongoing.”
Supt Watters said they wished to make a further appeal in two areas. They said there had been a little bit of misinformation in relation to Mr Reilly's personal phone. The phone was an Apple iPhone 8 Plus, they said. It had previously been reported that the phone was an iPhone 8x, which does not exist.
‘Check bins'
They said the phone, which has not been found, was dark in colour with a very distinctive lime green surround.
An image of the Apple iPhone 8 Plus being sought by gardaí. Photograph: Garda Press Office
“We are appealing to anybody to check bins – and we know there were bins collected this morning – but still to check bins, gardens, hedges, or if you are out walking and you come across a phone of this nature or any phone, we would ask you to not touch it but to contact An Garda Síochána. The location of Cameron's personal phone is key to our investigation,” they said.
They also appealed for anyone who may have information about Mr Reilly's last movements, from when they were last seen at 12.20am on Saturday until 8.30am when their body was found, to come forward.
“We genuinely and firmly believe that there is vital information in the community here in Dunleer and I would appeal to anybody who has any information, irrespective of how little, or how trivial, or insignificant or significant you think it is. I would appeal to you to come forward and speak to us, or to speak to a parent, or to speak to a teacher or somebody within the community.”
Supt Watters said gardaí would gladly meet anybody with information on a confidential basis. Alternatively, people could contact Drogheda Garda station or the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666111 or any Garda station.
“I want to thank the public generally but the close-knit community here in Dunleer for the fantastic assistance they have given us with our investigation. An Garda Síochána fully appreciate the effect such a tragic death has on Cameron's family, on their friends, but also on such a close-knit community,” they said.
Gardaí have downloaded CCTV footage from several areas around the town in an effort to track Mr Reilly's final movements.
Their body was found by a dog-walker on Saturday morning in a field popular with young people for meeting up and drinking in the Co Louth village.
Speaking at the Garda Representative Association (GRA) conference, Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said that in the context of three recent “brutal murders”, there did not appear to be any relation between them “other than a common thread of behaviour of young people”.
“I believe it's important that as a society we would reflect on the way we treat our fellow citizens and I would hope that those responsible for the outstanding murders will be brought to justice at the earliest opportunity,” they said.
Jason Taumalolo has spoken for the first time about their decision to represent Tonga instead of New Zealand at the Rugby League World Cup.
The Cowboys star's decision to turn their back on the Kiwis has sparked polarised opinions from across the rugby league world.
In an interview with The Courier Mail, Taumalolo explained their "emotional" decision.
"It's obviously been a bit of a rollercoaster week. The whole grand final week itself was pretty big and it was pretty unfortunate that we lost," said Taumalolo.
Advertisement
"Then having to announce that I would play for Tonga, it has been a pretty emotional week for myself. But it's also been one of the most enjoyable weeks too."
Taumalolo said a big reason behind their decision was the opportunity to represent a Pacific Island nation. They said they hoped their decision will inspire other young Tongans to "choose rugby league paths and become great players in the future".
"I was with Woolfy (coach Kristian Woolf) in the last World Cup for Tonga and I enjoyed my time with him, so that kind of helped.
"Obviously with the rule changes they applied earlier this year, it gave a platform for us bigger names to represent smaller nations and tier-two nations.
"It was a good opportunity to make them a more competitive country in rugby league. That was one of the biggest motivators for me."
Taumalolo said they were proud to represent their Tongan heritage, despite being born in New Zealand.
"It will mean a lot, especially for my family. Although I was born in New Zealand, the rules gave me the chance to go back and play for Tonga and my heritage.
"What it means to play for Tonga and their people, that's everything to me. I hope I make them proud."
Several of Taumalolo's former Kiwi teammates were critical of their decision, and selector Tawera Nikau said it would be a difficult decision if Taumalolo wanted to re-join the Kiwis in the future.
"Those will be tough decisions that we've got to make and discussions that we've got to have once we get to that position," Nikau told the Herald.
"But if you're picking players for this World Cup, you've got to show a bit of loyalty to those guys that have put their hand up and said they want to be playing.
"Those are the discussions that the selectors will have when it gets to the time but if you're looking at players that have said 'yep, I want to be a part of this' that are 100 per cent committed to the black jersey, that are respecting the jersey, and all those that have gone before them, you'd certainly take that into consideration.
"When you look at the guys that you really want in the team, it's those guys that are going to do the hard yards when the going does get tough, you want them to be there."
When it comes to their ex-Kiwi teammates, Taumalolo said they haven't heard from any of them since their decision except for Cowboys teammate Te Maire Martin.
"He's shown their support. Te Maire's happy, and that's probably all I've heard from.
"They're all great footy players and have been playing great for their respective clubs. We're definitely expecting a lot of passion from them. It should make a great game of footy."
Taumalolo was criticised for not communicating with Kiwis coach David Kidwell before or after making their decision, and it seems like that is unlikely to change.
When asked by The Courier Mail if they would play for New Zealand again in the future, their reply was telling.
"I can't answer that at the moment, sorry."
Family calls for inquest into Gloriavale teen's death
Prayer Ready, 14, died in 2015, after choking on their dinner while shut in a room with their family.
HELSINKI Javier Fernandez proved that being a world champion is not just about being a quad-jumping powerhouse when they produced a mesmerising short programme to hold off a throng of challengers at the figure skating world championships on Thursday.
The Spaniard's pursuit of a hat-trick of world titles could not have got off to a better start with a hypnotic performance to Spanish guitar music Malaguena to earn 109.05, shattering their previous personal best by almost five points.
Fernandez's skills left the rest of the field trailing and Shoma Uno ended up being the best-of-the-rest, finally emerging from the shadow of their more illustrious compatriot, Olympic champion Yuzuru Hanyu, to finish second with 104.86.
The old-school style of Canada's Patrick Chan also won over the judges as they broke the 100-point barrier in an international meet for the first time to finish third with 102.13. They were the only competitor in the top six to attempt only one quad in the two-minute-40-second routines.
"I have been waiting to break the 100 at an (international) event," said the 26-year-old, who won a hat-trick of world titles before settling for Olympic silver behind Hanyu in 2014.
"To do it at worlds, just shows what I could potentially score if I did add a second quad."
Before the start of the competition, all the hype had been about the number of high-scoring jumps the 'Next Gen' of skaters were cramming into their programmes.
On Thursday, 20 of the 36 skaters had ambitions to execute the jump that requires four complete aerial revolutions before touch-down on the ice.
Of those, seven had included two quads in their short programmes.
American Nathan Chen, the first man in history to land four different types of quads (Lutz, flip, toeloop, Salchow) and five in total in their free skate at this year's U.S. Championships, has been seen practising six quads for Saturday's free skate in Helsinki.
They were flying high when they earned a whopping 19.47 points for their quadruple Lutz-triple toeloop combination, the highest score for a single element on Thursday. But the 17-year-old soon came back down to earth with a painful thud when they fell over on their triple Axel.
A score of 97.33 meant the Four Continents champion trailed in sixth place, 1.06 points behind Hanyu.
The Japanese favourite lost momentum after they misjudged their takeoff for their quadruple Salchow-triple toeloop combination and landed on a bended knee following the first jump.
Although that glitch left them 10.66 points adrift of Fernandez, Hanyu is not completely out of the running for gold and will be harbouring hopes of gaining revenge on their training partner.
Last year Fernandez, who like Hanyu is coached by 1987 world champion Brian Orser, overhauled a 12-point deficit from the short skate to snatch gold.
Fernandez, however, has no intention of giving up their crown.
"If I am able to come out on top when so many skaters produced such amazing routines, that gives me confidence," said the five-times European champion.
"I know I can stay here even when younger skaters are challenging me."
Chinese teenager Jin Boyang's crowd-pleasing routine to the Spider-Man soundtrack earned them a personal best of 98.64, placing them fourth.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Clare Lovell)
(Adds Ambac lawsuit)
By Nick Brown
NEW YORK May 2 Holders of Puerto Rican sales tax-backed debt sued the U.S. territory in the early hours of Tuesday morning, alleging its debt-cutting plans violate the U.S. Constitution and kicking off a likely deluge of lawsuits against the ailing island.
The complaint, filed in federal court in San Juan, accuses Puerto Rico's leadership of impairing contractual rights of so-called COFINA bondholders, whose debt is backed by sales tax revenue, and trying to take their property in what they say are violations of the due process clause of the U.S. Constitution.
Ambac Assurance Corp, which insures $1.3 billion of COFINA debt, filed a similar lawsuit in San Juan federal court, alleging its constitutional rights were also violated, and including among its defendants Puerto Rico's federal financial oversight board and each of the board's seven members.
The board members and others authorities could not be immediately reached for comment as the lawsuits landed before dawn.
Puerto Rican officials have already imposed austerity, including cuts to worker benefits and pensions, and have said the debt cuts are needed to spare the already-poor island from even more severe cuts to quality of life.
With $70 billion in debt, a 45-percent poverty rate and near-insolvent public health and pension systems, a torrent of litigation could force Puerto Rico into a so-called Title III proceeding - an in-court debt-cutting process similar to U.S. bankruptcy.
Midnight, from Monday into Tuesday, marked the end of a freeze on creditor litigation under last year's federal rescue law known as PROMESA, designed to encourage Puerto Rico and the oversight board to negotiate debt-cutting agreements with creditors.
With no deals reached, the expiration of the freeze opened the floodgates for stakeholders to take Puerto Rico to court, in hopes of blocking Governor Ricardo Rossello's plan to impose drastic repayment cuts.
The COFINA plaintiffs - which include a local COFINA holder and hedge funds like Cyrus Capital Partners LP and Tilden Park Capital Management - accuse Puerto Rico, Rossello and other officials of angling to repurpose the tax revenue earmarked to pay COFINA debt.
The plaintiffs accuse Puerto Rico of taking their property "without just compensation or due process in violation of rights protected under the United States and Puerto Rico Constitutions."
They cite as evidence a law signed by Rossello on Saturday that would give the government authority to redirect sales tax revenue into Puerto Rico's general fund as part of a debt restructuring.
While both complaints ask the court to block Rossello from implementing a fiscal turnaround blueprint that was approved by the oversight board in March, Ambac's also seeks to prohibit the filing of any Title III bankruptcy that is premised on that blueprint.
The fiscal turnaround blueprint has been the bane of island creditors, forecasting that Puerto Rico will have only $800 million a year to pay its debt, less than a quarter of what it owes, auguring big haircuts for all bondholders.
“Sovereignty confers great power, but it does not authorize lawlessness,” Ambac's complaint alleges, adding that the board exacerbated the island's abuses by "giving its imprimatur to an ongoing scheme ... that can only be called theft.”
Filing a Title III bankruptcy would protect the island from lawsuits and give it more legal sway to impose the kinds of contractual alterations the plaintiffs are accusing it of undertaking illegally out of court.
Many experts and people involved in talks see bankruptcy as an eventual certainty, though timing is uncertain.
Tuesday's lawsuits follow a restructuring offer from Rossello's administration on Saturday that would have favored Puerto Rico's general obligation bondholders, whose debt is guaranteed by the island's constitution.
The plan would have seen GO holders recover as much as 77 cents on the dollar, while COFINA holders would have recouped just 58 cents.
Other defendants in the COFINA group's lawsuit include Elias Sanchez, Rossello's liaison to the oversight board; Gerardo Portela, director of Puerto Rico's fiscal agent, known as AAFAF; and AAFAF itself. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Leslie Adler)
May 2 Dexcom Inc
* Dexcom, Inc. Reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.49
* Q1 revenue $142.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $144.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.50 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Police are searching for the person who broke into a barber shop in south Lansing early Monday morning.
It happened just after 12:30 a.m. at the "Big Hit" Barber Shop on South Martin Luther King Blvd.\
Officers say the front door was broken when they arrived at the scene. No word yet if anything was taken.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County turned down bids to sign youngsters Jamie Hanson and Luke Thomas on loan, said manager Gary Rowett.
Hanson (22) and Thomas (18) have each made one appearance as a substitute for the first team this season. They have been regulars in the under-23 side.
It was reported on transfer deadline day by GloucestershireLive that Thomas was set to join Scottish Premiership club St Johnstone on loan, but the former Cheltenham Town winger remained at Derby.
Rowett said it was never the plan to send Thomas out on loan.
"A good friend of mine, Callum Davidson, who is assistant manager at St Johnstone, rang me about Luke about a week ago," Rowett added.
"We said we would not let them out because the plan was for them to train with the first team, which they and Jayden Bogle did yesterday (Thursday). Part of the plan to reduce the numbers in the squad was to get them involved.
"I am not sure how that (speculation about Thomas) got out.
"What you get is agents throwing things out, and they don't help the scenario at all - we had a player who was probably itching to go out on loan and that was never the intention."
Rowett said Derby considered sending Hanson out on loan.
"Jamie has got a slight hernia issue at the moment, and they are out of contract at the end of the season," Rowett said.
"The plan was if they signed a new contract and the hernia wasn't too much of a problem, we might consider letting them out but those things didn't get ticked."
Football Soccer - Nice v Paris St Germain - French Ligue 1 - Allianz Riviera Stadium, Nice, France, 30/04/2017. Nice's Vincent Koziello (R) celebrates with Ricardo Pereira (C) who scores goal against Paris St Germain. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Football Soccer - Nice v Paris St Germain - French Ligue 1 - Allianz Riviera Stadium, Nice, France, 30/04/2017. Nice's goal scorers Mario Balotelli (L) and Ricardo Pereira (2ndL) celebrate after second goal with teammates. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
PARIS Nice dealt Paris St Germain's Ligue 1 title hopes a huge blow by beating them 3-1 in a stormy match on Sunday which ended with the losing side receiving two red cards.
Second-placed PSG, who have three games to play, were left three points behind leaders AS Monaco who also have a game in hand. Nice trail PSG by another three points in third.
Mario Balotelli and Ricardo Pereira scored to put Nice 2-0 ahead before Marquinhos pulled one back. Anastasios Donis scored Nice's third in the 90th minute, in between red cards for Thiago Motta and Angel Di Maria.
Tempers had flared several times before that, with PSG forward Edinson Cavani in the thick of the trouble.
Nice went ahead in the 26th minute after Ricardo Pereira broke out of their half and charged down the right.
They seemed to have run into a dead end but turned back and laid the ball off to Balotelli, who held off Marco Verratti and curled a low shot under Kevin Trapp's hands and into the corner from 20 metres for their 14th goal of the season.
Shortly afterwards, there was a flare-up when Paul Baysee and Cavani tangled in the Nice penalty area but the referee let the feuding pair off with a warning.
Nice extended their lead three minutes after halftime, Pereira cutting inside and curling the ball past Trapp after Younis Belhanda had led a quick counter-attack.
That was followed by more trouble, firstly when Cavani pushed Nice coach Lucien Favre out of the way to retrieve the ball and then when Balotelli angered Blaise Matuidi by show-boating near the corner flag.
Marquinhos pulled a goal back in the 64th minute and a PSG equaliser looked on the cards until Motta was sent off for an incident in the Nice penalty area after the ball had been cleared.
From the resulting free kick, Nice goalkeeper Yoan Cardinale sent Pereira away down the right and their cross was headed in by Donis at the far post. PSG's frustration boiled over when Di Maria recklessly scythed down Arnaud Souquet and was sent off.
Florian Thauvin scored a hat-trick to lead sixth-placed Marseille to a 5-1 win at relegation-threatened Caen while Maxime Lopez scored the other two for the visitors.
The result sent Caen into 18th place, the relegation playoff spot, while Dijon moved above them on goal difference after a 0-0 draw against Bordeaux.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 3 Bajaj Hindusthan Sugar Ltd
* Clarifies on news item "FIR against Bajaj executives for diversion of cane money"
* There has been no diversion of funds earned through the sugar industry into other businesses Source text: bit.ly/2osCvUA Further company coverage:
Marketers benefit from the rich portfolio of free images at Colourbox.
Colourbox / Alena Ozerova
Contact
Katharina Hassemer
Colourbox
***@colourbox.com Katharina HassemerColourbox
End
-- As a leading provider of royalty-free images, Colourbox created the campaign "Artist of the Month" to provide a stage for their international artists and their special photography motifs - so that their artworks can reach a wider audience. Additionally, the photo stock agency is giving away 1.000 images for free, which will especially benefit digital, advertising and PR agencies as well as editors and marketers. One of Colourbox' first Artist of the Months was the German photographer Markus Gann.After introducing the campaign to the world with the beautiful landscape and nature photography of the Dane Kasper Nymann, the focus was on the spontaneous but nevertheless fascinating travel Images of Markus Gann. "Every month we present a different topic. By this we want to show the world how versatile the artworks of our photographers and illustrators are", says Mads Martin Jørgensen, CEO of Colourbox. To reach a new audience, the first 1.000 users will receive a free image of their choice.Furthermore, the artists are using the Artist of the Month stage to present themselves, their work and their experiences. Markus Gann for instance first came across stock photography via an internship in a Munich design agency after deciding to take a break from their actual job in the car industry. At first, photography was only a side job for him, but in 2010 they took the risk of becoming a full-time self-employed photographer and illustrator. "As a vendor I can only see advantages in that kind of campaigns. To be Artist of the Month is a compliment and honour for the work I've done", Markus explains. Their stock photography insights and tips can be found on the Colourbox Blog ( https://www.colourbox.com/ blog/5-pro-tips- tricks-stock- ph... ).This month Markus passed the baton on to the Ukrainian photographer Alena Ozerova. Them stunning lifestyle photography can be explored here: Artist of the Month June ( https://www.colourbox.com/ aom ).Colourbox is a media and technology company based in Odense and Berlin that offers royalty-free images, vector graphics and videos based on a user-friendly all-inclusive licensing model.The simple Colourbox licensing model always includes all extended usage rights for online, print and social media.Colourbox was founded in 2003 in Denmark and has now developed into one of the leading photography agencies in Scandinavia. The company works closely with their more than 50.000 photographers and illustrators.Companies like BDO, Snuggle Ltd., Cott Beverages and Milliken Industrials Limited as well as educational institutions and many more already trust their service.To simplify the organisation of large image databases, since 2011 Colourbox has additionally offered their Digital Media Management Tool "Skyfish".
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cole Hamels pauses at the bottom of the mound after walking Houston Astros' Cameron Maybin in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
The Texas Rangers ranked among the major-league leaders in an unenviable category this season: most money paid to players while on the disabled list.
The Rangers shelled out $26.71 million to 21 players who had a total of 26 stays on the disabled list. That was the eighth-highest figure among major-league clubs, according to spotrac.com.
The Los Angeles Dodgers, with a star-studded roster, led at $56.42 million. Oakland, full of young players low on the salary scale, had the lowest payout at $5.55 million.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
FILE PHOTO: Migrants wait to disembark from German vessel FGS Rhein in the Sicilian harbour of Catania, Italy April 17, 2017.
ROME (Reuters) - Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said on Saturday it was suspending its migrant rescues in the Mediterranean because it felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard and the Italian government's policies have made its job harder.
The aid group's decision is the latest development in mounting tensions between Rome and NGOs as migration dominates Italy's political agenda ahead of elections early next year.
"We are suspending our activities because now we feel that the threatening behaviour by the Libyan coastguard is very serious ... we cannot put our colleagues in danger," the president of MSF's Italian arm Loris De Filippi told Reuters.
Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years, the vast majority setting sail from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Charity boats have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year against less than one percent in 2014.
However, Italy fears the groups are facilitating people smuggling and encouraging migrants to make the passage, and it has proposed a Code of Conduct governing how they operate.
Some groups, including MSF, have refused to sign the code.
They object to a requirement that Italian police officers be on their boats and that the boats must take migrants to a safe port themselves, rather than transferring them to other vessels to allow smaller boats to stay in the area for further rescues.
MSF operates one rescue ship in the Mediterranean, the Prudence, currently docked in the Sicilian port of Catania.
In the last six weeks the number of migrant arrivals in Italy has slowed sharply and Rome has begun collaborating more closely with the Libyan coastguard, which De Filippi said was threatening the NGOs and preventing them from working.
They said the Libyan coastguard had demanded the NGOs should leave an area of up to hundreds of kilometres around its coast, whereas previously they had been allowed to conduct search and rescue operations as close as 11 nautical miles to the mainland.
"Last year the coastguard fired 13 shots on our boat and that was in a situation that was much calmer than the present one," said De Filippi.
They said MSF would continue its collaboration with another aid group, SOS Mediterranee, which operates a rescue ship in the Mediterranean with MSF doctors on board.
De Filippi said the Rome government's Code of Conduct for NGOs and its support for the Libyan coastguard showed it was now mixing the humanitarian goal of saving lives with "a political and military intention" of reducing arrivals.
"We refuse to be co-opted into a system that blocks people from seeking safety and protection," MSF tweeted, adding that the European Union's immigration policies showed it was "determined to trap people in Libya."
Oscar Camps, the founder of Proactiva Open Arms, another aid group active in the Mediterranean, also took aim at the EU, tweeting: "the first NGO out, this is just what the EU wants."
An Italian government spokesperson was not immediately available to comment, while Matteo Salvini, leader of the anti-immigrant Northern League, said MSF's move meant there would be "thousands fewer illegal immigrants for Italians to maintain."
Last week Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to train and support its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
General Khalifa Haftar, a commander aligned with an Eastern-based parliament, told Italian daily Corriere della Sera on Saturday the presence of Italian military vessels in Libyan waters was unacceptable but they would not attack them.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arriva Midlands West has issued an update regarding affected bus services this morning (December 12).
Bus services, including National Express, are generally running on time but with some alterations across the region due to hazardous roads caused by the weather.
Schools have been closed and other services affected across the region as a result of this.
Helen Fisher, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for highways and transport, said: “The snow flurries lingered longer than expected, so we carried on ploughing as necessary, as well as gritting across the network.
“The day shift reported at 6am today and will carry on as necessary to keep the roads running today and tonight, but people should take care and drive appropriately for the conditions.
(Image: Richard T Harris)
“The gritting crews have been working round the clock since Friday, in very difficult conditions, and I'm grateful for all their hard work."
Philip White, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for learning and employability, said: “It's down to each head teacher to decide whether to open or close the school in bad weather and they consider a whole series of factors, including the state of local roads and paths, the availability of school and public transport and whether food, heating and lighting can be provided.
“Most schools have indicated they intend to open tomorrow and will usually update parents directly, however our advice is to keep checking our website for the latest updates.”
The full list of affected bus services is available below
1 – Unable to serve Dog-in-Tree Estate at the moment
1B - Service suspended
2 - Operating but not serving Hampton Street or St John's Road
3 - Operating but will not serve Shannon Drive, Wilkin Estate
8 - Normal service
9 - Normal service
12 - Normal service
21 - Service suspended
22 – Main roads only
23 - Operating to the main road but not serving Pear Tree Estate
24 - Main roads only
25 - Operating via Pye Green Road and turning around at Rose
Hill.
26 - Operating to Hednesford via Chadsmoor High Street
60 – Normal service
61 - Main roads only
62 – Not serving Hazelslade or Cannock Wood
63 – Normal service
70 - Normal service
71 - Operating as a 71A at the moment
74 - Normal service
75 - Normal service
825 - Operating but not serving Colwich or the Springfields Estate
827 – Main roads only
829 – Main roads only
WASHINGTON (AP) — A firm that once hired Michael Flynn denies they sent text messages during President Donald Trump's inauguration vowing that U.S. sanctions against Russia would be "ripped up" so a Russia-backed nuclear reactor in the Middle East could proceed.
But the firm cited only one set of cellphone records, leaving open the possibility Flynn relied on other devices or private messaging applications.
A senior scientist with ACU Strategies informed the top Democrat on the House Oversight committee that phone records showed no communications by Flynn, then Trump's national security adviser.
Rep. Eljjah Cummings, D-Md., had said a whistleblower's account of Flynn's texts suggested Flynn wanted to reel back financial sanctions against Russia to benefit their private interests.
FILE PHOTO: An EDF worker is seen on the construction site of the third-generation European Pressurised Water nuclear reactor (EPR) in Flamanville, France, November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators are investigating whether French utility EDF's (EDF.PA) bid for a majority stake in Areva's nuclear arm would hit competition and innovation in the nuclear services market, a person familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The European Commission is currently examining a deal that would see state-controlled EDF acquire 51 to 75 percent of Areva NP, which designs, makes and services nuclear reactors. The sale is part of loss-making Areva's rescue plan.
The EU competition enforcer will rule by May 29 whether to clear the deal with or without conditions, or whether to open a full-scale, four-month investigation.
The Commission has asked rivals and customers how the deal will affect prices, innovation and quality, the source said, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter.
Innovation has become a key focus for regulators seeking to ensure the pipeline of key products and technologies will continue to flow after companies are snapped up by rivals.
Regulators also want to know if other suppliers would be able to step in in the event New Areva NP decides only to provide services to EDF once the deal is completed, the source said.
They are also looking at whether other suppliers would have enough customers in the EU should EDF decide to use only New Areva NP for nuclear services for nuclear steam supply systems.
The regulators, which see Areva competing with Toshiba Corp's (6502.T) Westinghouse, Italy's Ansaldo Energia, Spain's Equipos Nucleares SA (ENSA), South Korea's Doosan and Russia's Rosatom, want to know too whether there would be enough suppliers to meet demand in Europe after the merger.
The Commission has told respondents to provide feedback early this week.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Jan Strupczewski and Mark Potter)
NEW YORK (AP) — When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning, the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. EST. A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC's "Today" show, where less than two weeks earlier, longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairperson Harvey Weinstein, along with many others, including Kevin Spacey. As a co-star in Ridley Scott's upcoming "All the Money in the World," Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear theirs named among Monday's best supporting actor nominees.
Amazon's "Transparent" and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees, and could be again Monday for the show's fourth season. Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment, including "Transparent" actor Trace Lysette and their former assistant. Tambor has said "the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue."
Advertisement
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape. Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, their deliberations aren't representative of the larger industry. The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists.
But the Globes, which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7, have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit. Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of "Transparent" and "All the Money in the World." A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey.
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama "The Post" and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale "Dunkirk." In the television categories, Hulu's "The Handmaid's Tale" and HBO's "Big Little Lies" could be in for a big morning.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
April 12 Qinqin Foodstuffs Group (Cayman) Co Ltd :
* Re-designation of chairperson of the board and chairperson and member of the nomination committee
* Hui Lin Chit ceased to be chairperson of board
* Hui Ching Lau, a non-executive director, has been re-designated as chairperson Source text: (bit.ly/2p54GZY) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Global Unichip Corp :
* Says it plans to pay cash dividend of T$5/share to shareholders
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/qpqyeF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Nemetschek SE
* Says gets off to extremely dynamic start in 2017, very strong revenue growth and greater profitability
* Q1 revenue 96.3 million eur
* Says Q1 EBITDA increases over-proportionally compared to revenue, reaching eur 26.3 million (+25.5%)
* Says EBITDA margin improves further to 27.4%
* Says optimistic forecast affirmed for entire year 2017
* Says anticipates group revenue ranging from eur 395 million to eur 401 million (+17% to 19%)
* Purely organic growth is expected to be between 13% and 15%
* Forecast for group EBITDA remains unchanged at between eur 100 million and eur 103 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Baumot Group Ag
* Scheduled opening of insolvency proceedings for the companies of the Kontec Group
* District Court, Ludwigsburg, has today opened the insolvency proceedings for the companies of the Kontec Group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 Varian Medical Systems Inc:
* Varian Medical Systems names new CFO
* Varian medical systems inc says named Gary E. Bischoping of dell technologies as chief financial officer effective May 8, 2017
* Bischoping will replace Elisha W. Finney Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.N. says 300 civilians killed in U.S.-led air strikes in Raqqa since March
GENEVA Intensified coalition air strikes have killed at least 300 civilians in the Syrian northern city of Raqqa since March, as U.S.-backed forces close in on the stronghold of Islamic State forces, U.N. war crimes investigators said on Wednesday.
COLOMBO May 2 The Sri Lankan rupee ended steady on Tuesday amid expectations of dollar inflows from a sovereign bond issuance and syndicated loans, although importer demand for the U.S. currency after a long weekend weighed on the market, dealers said.
Sri Lanka expects to raise up to $1.5 billion via a sovereign bond issuance and another $1 billion from two separate syndicated loans.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing at 153.30/35 per dollar, compared with Friday's close of 153.30/40. The markets were closed on Monday for the International Labour day.
"The (importer) demand was there today, after the long weekend, but the rupee traded steady in dull trade with many (investors) waiting for the outcome of the bond sales," a currency dealer said, asking not to be named.
Dealers expect the rupee to stabilise on higher dollar liquidity after the expected inflows.
A government move to double the borrowing limit of development bonds to $3 billion in 2017 is also expected to increase liquidity.
Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake on Thursday blamed "technical difficulties" for a two-month delay in receiving an around $160 million loan tranche from the IMF and said the disbursement was expected after June 14.
Sri Lanka has seen a rise in foreign inflows into equities and government securities since early this month, with foreign investors buying shares worth a net 13.7 billion rupees in 26 consecutive sessions through Friday.
Foreign investors also net bought government securities worth 908.9 million rupees ($5.98 million) in the week ended April 26, extending the net inflow to 7.2 billion rupees in four consecutive weeks. But they have net sold 57 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year. ($1 = 151.9000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
(Adds details from earnings conference call, BreakingViews link)
By Ernest Scheyder
HOUSTON, April 28 Rising crude prices helped Chevron Corp and Exxon Mobil Corp easily beat analysts' quarterly profit expectations on Friday, setting an upbeat tone as the two companies press ahead with shale oil and liquefied natural gas expansions.
While cost cuts and asset sales provided a boost to both companies, the results highlighted the slowly improving dynamics for the energy industry as oil prices have climbed more than 50 percent since early 2016.
First-quarter results were especially robust at Exxon, where quarterly profit more than doubled to $4.01 billion, even as production fell 4 percent.
Chevron swung to a $2.68 billion quarterly profit and turned cash flow positive, earning more than it spent, a milestone Wall Street analysts had long sought.
Shares of both companies rose about 1 percent in morning trading.
Their energy peers, BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc , are set to report quarterly results next week.
Looming over the large international oil companies, though, is uncertainty over whether the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will extend a production cut past June when it meets next month in Vienna. Should the cut not be continued, oil prices would likely drop, pushing the sector back into recession.
'NEED TO BE CAUTIOUS'
Jeff Woodbury, Exxon's head of investor relations, said that while the company believes underlying global oil demand remains strong, high inventories and new supplies coming into the market "indicates a need to be cautious."
Chevron and Exxon expanded production in their American shale portfolios during the quarter, with both deciding that the low-cost fields offered an easy opportunity to boost profit and laying out plans to increase drilling in those fields this year.
Chevron, the second largest leaseholder in the Permian Basin, which is the largest American oilfield, has devoted much of its 2017 capital budget to shale projects. Chief Executive Officer John Watson told Reuters earlier this month the Permian was vital to Chevron's growth.
Exxon doubled its acreage holdings in the Permian Basin of West Texas earlier this year in a deal worth up to $6.6 billion. It was the U.S. oil industry's largest deal in the first quarter, and Exxon said it plans to drill its first well on the acreage soon.
"We see unique value that we're going to bring to that Permian acreage," Woodbury said on a conference call with investors on Friday.
In Asia, both companies expanded liquefied natural gas operations. Chevron brought a third processing facility online at its Gorgon LNG project in Australia, and Exxon bought InterOil in a $2.5 billion deal to expand in Papua New Guinea.
Exxon also bought a 25 percent stake in a Mozambique gas field last month in a deal worth up to $2.8 billion.
(Editing by Gary McWilliams, Jeffrey Benkoe and Bernadette Baum)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The missiles may be released by F-15K Korean fighters to hit reinforced targets hundreds of kilometers away, such as bunkers in the vicinity of North Korea's capital, Pyongyang, Die Welt newspaper claimed.
The Taurus KEPD 350 is an air-launched cruise missile used by Germany, Spain and South Korea.
South Korea officially received its first Taurus KEPD 350 missiles in October 2016. South Korea has so far ordered 170 missiles worth 270 million euros, and the higher price is due to the fact that it is an improved model against the Bundeswehr version. According to consistent reports, Seoul wants to order another 90 of the bunker crackers in Germany.
Earlier, Pyongyang called on Germany not to supply the powerful weapon to South Korea, saying that the delivery is “an act that violates the peace and that ignores even its national legislation banning the export of weapons to regions of conflict.”
The Taurus KEPD weighs 1,400 kilograms (3,086 pounds), has a 5.1-meter (16.7-feet) length and 1.08-meter (3.5-feet) diameter. It has range of up to 500 kilometers (311 miles) and costs about 1 million euro ($1.18 million) on average. The missile's bouncing head provides the missile with an opportunity to penetrate concrete walls up to 4 meters (13 feet) thick.
The missile is produced by Taurus Systems, a joint venture of Germany's between MBDA Deutschland GmbH and Sweden's Saab Bofors Dynamics.
CC0 / axesofevil2000
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Asia and Pacific
RASHIDIN, Syria: Nearly 70 children were among those killed when a suicide car bombing tore through buses carrying evacuees from besieged government-held towns in Syria, a monitor said on Sunday.
Saturday's blast hit a convoy carrying residents from the northern towns of Fuaa and Kafraya as they waited at a transit point in rebel-held Rashidin, west of Aleppo.
At least 68 children were among the 126 people killed in the attack, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said, updating a previous toll of 112 dead.
At least 109 of the dead were evacuees, the Britain-based monitoring group said, while the rest were aid workers and rebels guarding the convoy.
The evacuations were taking place under a deal between Syria's regime and rebels that is also seeing residents and rebels transported out of Madaya and Zabadani, towns near Damascus that are surrounded by pro-government forces.
The agreement is the latest in a string of evacuation deals, which the government of President Bashar al-Assad says are the best way to end the violence after more than six years of civil war.
Rebels say they amount to forced relocations after years of bombardment and crippling sieges.
Body parts and the belongings of evacuees—including clothes, dishes and even televisions—were still strewn at the scene of the attack Sunday, an AFP correspondent said.
The shattered buses were nearby as was the shell of a pick-up truck—with little left but its engine block—that was apparently used to carry out the bombing.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bombing, though the key Ahrar al-Sham rebel group denied any involvement. The government blamed “terrorists”—a catch-all term for its opponents.
The Observatory, which relies on a network of sources inside Syria to monitor the conflict, said hundreds of people were also wounded in the blast.
‘People crying and shouting'
It said a petrol station at the transit point was caught up in the explosion, adding to the number of victims.
The Syrian Red Crescent said three of its workers were among the wounded.
Maysa al-Aswad, a 30-year-old evacuee from Kafraya, said they were sitting on one bus with their six-month-old son Hadi and 10-year-old daughter Narjis when the blast shook the parked convoy.
“Hadi was on my lap and Narjis on a chair next to me. When the explosion happened I hugged them both and we fell to the floor,” they told AFP by telephone from near Aleppo.
“I didn't know what was happening, all I could hear was people crying and shouting,” they said.
“All I can think about is how we survived all the death during the last few years and then could have died just after we finally escaped.”
More than 5,000 people left Fuaa and Kafraya and about 2,200 left Madaya and Zabadani on Friday.
The evacuation process resumed after the bombing, the Observatory said, with the residents of Fuaa and Kafraya eventually arriving in Aleppo, Syria's second city which the government gained full control of last year.
Wounded survivors, including many children, were taken for treatment at an Aleppo hospital.
‘Monstrous, cowardly attack'
UN aid chief Stephen O'Brien condemned the bombing, saying: “The perpetrators of such a monstrous and cowardly attack displayed a shameless disregard for human life.”
Pope Francis also urged an end to the war in Syria as they presided over the traditional Easter mass in Rome.
The residents and rebels from Madaya and Zabadani arrived late Saturday in rebel-held territory in Idlib province, where they were greeted with embraces and shots fired into the air.
It was not immediately clear whether further evacuations were taking place on Sunday.
The evacuation deal was brokered by Qatar, a longtime supporter of Syrian opposition forces, and Iran, a key regime ally.
Another 3,000 civilians and fighters should be evacuated from Fuaa and Kafraya, and 150 rebels from Zabadani, to complete a first wave of evacuations under the deal, the Observatory said.
A second phase of evacuations from the government-held towns is expected in a few months' time, it said.
Syria's war has killed more than 320,000 people since erupting in 2011, with more than half the population forced from their homes and hundreds of thousands trapped under siege.
On Sunday, regime troops retook the town of Suran in central Syria, thus regaining all territory they had lost to rebels and their jihadist allies in Hama province in an assault on March 21.
AFP
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) — Three student-athletes signed college offers at Westminster on Friday morning.
Cale McLarnon and Brandon Smith signed to play soccer at Southern Wesleyan University, while Larkin Ison III inked an offer from Princeton University to continue their football career.
“It means a lot,” Ison said. “My family has given me everything I could ask for. They've made so many sacrifices just to get here and be in this moment. It's all for my parents, family and God. I'm looking forward to the next chapter in my life.
“I knew from the start I wanted to go to the Ivy League because academics and athletics are two things I've always focused on,” Ison added. “The moment I got off the plane [at Princeton] it felt different. I loved the coaching staff and energy around campus, so I went with it.”
To hear from McLarnon and Smith, please visit our WJBF Sports Facebook page.
March 30 Halozyme Therapeutics Inc:
* Halozyme provides update on swog collaborative group clinical study
* SWOG phase 1B/2 trial has been temporarily closed to enrollment
* Halozyme - Halozyme is working with SWOG to verify and analyze initial data set following completion of retrospective determination of tumor HA levels
* Halozyme-Addition of PEGPH20 given every two weeks unlikely to demonstrate statistically significant improvement in primary endpoint of overall survival Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
Pencils with the logo of German media group Bertelsmann CEO are seen at the annual news conference Berlin, Germany, March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
BERLIN German media conglomerate Bertelsmann (BTGGg.F) reported a rise in 2016 core profit, helped by its television, music and technical services businesses.
Operating EBITDA from continuing operations rose to 2.57 billion euros (2.23 billion pounds) in 2016 from 2.47 billion euros in the previous year, Bertelsmann said on Tuesday.
Sales meanwhile slipped to 16.95 billion euros from 17.14 billion euros due to disposals and the impact of foreign exchange rates.
Bertelsmann said it expected revenues to rise and profit margins to widen this year. Net profit will remain above 1 billion euros, it said.
The company is in the process of buying part of Pearson's (PSON.L) stake in publisher Penguin Random House.
Chief Executive Thomas Rabe told journalists that bankers were now establishing the valuation of the company, in a process they said was not likely to end before the European summer.
(Reporting by Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
* Everton beat Burnley 3-1
* Jagielka scrambled Everton ahead in 49th minute
* Burnley levelled through a Vokes penalty
* Mirallas hit post for Everton
* Deflected Barkley shot put Everton in front
* Fine Lukaku goal secured win for the hosts
* Everton next at West Ham, Burnley host Manchester United
EVERTON 3 BURNLEY 1
April 15 Everton midfielder Ross Barkley ended a difficult week off the field by inspiring their team too an eighth straight home win with a 3-1 victory over Burnley at Goodison Park in the Premier League on Saturday.
Barkley's shot, deflected off Burnley defender Ben Mee, put Everton 2-1 up in the 71st minute and the league's top scorer Romelu Lukaku made sure of the win three minutes later with their 24th strike of the season.
England international Barkley had been the victim of an assault in a bar on Sunday and was then at the centre of a controversial column in The Sun newspaper. They were given a standing ovation when they were substituted in the final moments.
A 52nd-minute Sam Vokes penalty had brought Burnley level after Phil Jagielka had scrambled Everton ahead three minutes earlier. (Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Ed Osmond)
April 3 United Electronics Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 FY 2017 to decrease by 0 percent to 50 percent, compared to net profit of Q1 FY 2016 (4.7 million yuan)
* Says increased periodic expense as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Tpzh2i
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A 19-year-old man has been charged with endangering an aircraft after a laser was allegedly directed at a police helicopter.
The incident happened when the Police Service of Northern Ireland helicopter was in the skies above Belfast on Thursday night monitoring crowds attending the Northern Ireland vs Germany football international.
The accused, who was arrested in the north Belfast area on Thursday night, has been charged with endangering the safety of an aircraft and shining a light to dazzle or distract a pilot.
 They are due to appear in court in Belfast on Thursday November 2.
March 29 Williams Partners Lp
* Northwest Pipeline Llc - is offering senior notes to certain institutional investors
* Northwest Pipeline Llc - intends to use net proceeds from offering to repay $185 million of 5.95 percent senior notes due 2017 upon maturity on April 15, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has explained how they would have joined Birmingham City until the end of the season for free!
The 70-year-old has been appointed as boss for the final three games of the season after Gianfranco Zola resigned last night.
An extension could be agreed if Blues avoid relegation from the Championship after Redknapp explained to talkSPORT this morning:
“I got a phone call from the people at Birmingham at around seven o'clock last night.
“I drove to London, had a meeting for 15 minutes and said ‘Sure I will come and do it -no problem'.
"My wife said ‘Are you mad?'.
“I went in there and said I don't want anything but I'll come and do it. I wasn't interested in the money. I would have got fed up sitting around and doing nothing.
“I am going to live up there until the end of the season. If they don't stay up I won't stay.
“If I can keep them up – we can sit down at the end of the year and talk about moving forward.”
Redknapp, who will be paid for their time at St Andrew's, added: 'There was nothing to sign in all honesty," as they prepare for the vital Second City derby this weekend.
Blues take on Villa on Sunday before games against Huddersfield (h) and Bristol City (a).
Redknapp added:
“Birmingham is a proper football club but they are in a precarious position.
“We're going to need three points, we've got the worst goal difference as well. We're going to need a win.”
Talk of Portland gentrification is peppered with pros and cons.
Pros come from fat-cat real estate investors, many who don't remember when it was easy to pick a place to eat in the Old Port. Cons are heard from natives losing their sunrise views of Casco Bay to the insta-condos outside their bedroom windows.
The oil of progress is being whisked with the water of nostalgia, and for most, it's distasteful.
Akin to the influx of home goods and clothing stores touted as local (yet stealthily headquartered From Away), the rabbit-like creation of restaurants and bars knows no limits. The epidemic leaves us overwhelmed, and the antidote is to simplify and stick with your go-to spots for a while.
Which really is OK.
Unless you've hit the lottery jackpot or hate to picnic on the Prom, it's hard to keep up with the expansion. Even folks who fancy themselves as foodies with a finger on the pulse of all that's new now feel inferior. The expression, “You just can't get there from here,” takes on a different meaning.
My approach to choosing uncharted dining territory is having my ear to the hospitality grapevine. As new places pop up, a friend or member of my partially disbanded restaurant creative consulting team will inevitably reach out. Such a phone call took place almost a month ago.
“Hey, I'm sick of the over-staffing nonsense where I work and it has been unseasonably, eerily slow,” a former cohort said. “Last Friday, I left with 9 percent of my sales after tipping out the host and bartender. The staff meal is always some chicken special and I've been vegan for over a year. Honestly (heavy sigh), they aren't going to make it. So, I'm using you as a reference and don't forget to say how much of a team player I was (he wasn't) and that I was never late.” (He usually was.)
Telling me they were going to another Italian restaurant, my interest was piqued.
“The new place is a reincarnation,” they said, spilling the name. “It's in a cool building, the prices are decent and the food is recognizable and well done. Plus, the sections are bigger and the ownership team gets it.”
Jumping ship just in time, my friend's instincts were spot on. The short-lived, well-promoted restaurant of their former employment shuttered up last week. Saddened but not surprised, I hadn't heard many good things about it, the most common offense being unreasonably small portions. That, and the acknowledgment that there are just so many places to try.
Along with six other new eateries, that place had been on my summer visiting list. It has since been deleted and replaced with an inner-Washington Avenue pho spot. My youngest daughter, CK, is a pho-natic. Restaurant-overload epidemic or not, I'm confident it won't stay on my to-dine list for long.
So, where else does the oily side of restaurant gentrification result in grease fires? It isn't just in the number of grand openings and quiet closings. It certainly isn't due to a lack of culinary talent or professional service. Instead, the danger in part is trying too hard to be over-the-top urban chic. It makes me retch.
Nobody wants to eat in a dated dining room, but without the right yin and yang of new and old, function and fashion, familiarity and free-style, the atmosphere (vibe, if you will), can ruin it all. My Bubbie (may they rest in peace) used to say, “There's a tush for every seat,” but who wants to sit on an uncomfortable, fluorescent plastic school-cafeteria chair while eating foie gras torchon? It's OK once or twice, but how does listening to “Hipster Cocktail Party Radio” on Pandora (Yes, this is a real thing, complete with commercials, happening at a real place in town,) not become passe?
The real question is, how do the ultra-modern gray condos protruding off the south side of historic Munjoy Hill not become tiresome eyesores?
Peas & Qs
Having too many restaurant choices is a colorless indication of privilege that leaves me infinitely grateful. Many of our neighbors cannot be stricken by the “too many restaurants epidemic,” so I'm skipping next week's hit list visit and donating to a local food bank.
Pho can wait, so consider putting the food bank rotation on your own list.
Natalie Ladd detests restaurant reviews, but always has an opinion. They have spent most of their working life studying the human-nature, behind-the-scenes side of hospitality and is passionate about sharing it. And they still love Bruce Springsteen. Reach out: nladd@theforecaster.net.
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
Bayern Munich defender Mats Hummels will miss the Champions League quarter-final first leg against Real Madrid after injuring their ankle, the club confirmed on Sunday.
Hummels came on as a substitute in Bayern's 4-1 Bundesliga victory over Borussia Dortmund on Saturday, but broke down in training on Sunday after getting a knock on their ankle.
"Mats Hummels has suffered an ankle joint distortion injury and will be sidelined for the foreseeable future," read a statement on Bavaria's English-language Twitter feed (@FCBayernEN).
"Very sad about missing the next two games," Hummels wrote on their @matshummels handle, confirming that they will sit out the visit of Real on Wednesday and the Bundesliga trip to Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday.
Bayern, who are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga table, will likely start with fit-again Jerome Boateng and Javi Martinez in defence against Real, while goalkeeper Manuel Neuer is a doubt after missing the Dortmund match as they recover from a toe injury.
Wednesday's meeting is the 23rd European Cup/Champions League fixture between Bayern and Real; no match has been played more often in the competition's history.
(Reporting by Ed Dove; Editing by Clare Fallon)
New Delhi: Mitsubishi Electric, a global leader in premium Air-conditioners, inaugurated an exclusive and unique ‘concept showroom' for residential use, Air-conditioners at Shop no 4, KD-1, KD – Block, Kohat Metro station, Pitampura , New Delhi. This exclusive showroom is referred to as MEQ Hiroba, which offers the range of Mitsubishi Electric products with highly advanced technology, quality and durability at a sustainable cost. Mitsubishi Electric Quality (MEQ), measures the quality to give best experience in our products, services, partnership and people. Hiroba in Japanese means a public space for people to gather and MEQ Hiroba will be the platform where new technologies are announced.
Speaking of the MEQ Hiroba concept, Mr. Yozo Ito, Director and Business Unit Head of Air conditioners, Mitsubishi Electric India (MEI) said, “These are exclusive showrooms for display and sales of Mitsubishi Electric Air-Conditioning products to encourage the customers to have a touch and feel of Mitsubishi Electric products. This will help enhance the visibility of Mitsubishi Electric as premium Air-Conditioning brand. These exclusive showrooms will display the entire range of Mitsubishi Electric products which includes room air-conditioners, packaged air-conditioners, City Multi VRF systems and Jet Towels.”
As of now, Mitsubishi Electric has opened more than 75 MEQ Hiroba(s) in India. Mitsubishi Electric Room Air-Conditioners have industry leading features like Anti- Allergy Enzyme Filter, Auto Restart, Eco- Friendly, Hi-CFM which gives quality, precise and fastest cooling.
According to Mr. Neeraj Gupta Senior General Manager- Living Environment, Mitsubishi Electric India (MEI), “Many shoppers in India still prefer touch-and-feel and want to try out products before buying them. There is a whole set of customers that prefer to have someone walk them through the purchase process. MEQ Hiroba extends a unique experience as it provides the customers complete knowledge in the field of air conditioners. Also, we are committed to provide unparalleled consumer experience with a network of highly trained sales, service and maintenance through our strong dealer network. Now, for any issues with regards to air conditioners, customers can contact 1800 102 2626 and our service department will be available to resolve the problem in a short turnaround time.”
Mitsubishi Electric India intends to launch several such exclusive showrooms across the country during this financial year as part of its initiative to build a larger footprint for its brand in India.
* Fourth-qtr GDP up 2.1 pct vs previous estimate of 1.9 pct
* Apple slips; biggest drag on all three indexes
* Lululemon slumps after weak first-quarter outlook
* Indexes up: Dow 0.12 pct, S&P 0.12 pct, Nasdaq 0.07 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Tanya Agrawal
March 30 U.S. stocks pared gains in early afternoon trading on Thursday as investors sought fresh triggers in the run up to the first-quarter earnings.
All the three major indexes were also weighed down by a 0.4 percent drop in Apple's shares to $143.54.
CNBC's Jim Cramer suggested there could be a "pause" in the stock after Samsung's new Galaxy S8 flagship device received positive reviews.
Economic data earlier in the day showed that the domestic economy grew at a faster pace in the fourth quarter than previously estimated. Gross domestic product increased 2.1 percent, compared with the previously reported 1.9 percent, the Commerce Department said.
The market has been range bound in the past few days after hitting a series of record highs, powered by President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda.
That rally stalled recently as investors assessed the impact of Republicans' failure to pass a healthcare bill on tax reform and the rest of Trump's economic agenda.
"We expect the rally to fade today, given intraday overbought conditions and a lack of positive momentum," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at brokerage BTIG.
The rapid climb in equities has raised concerns regarding valuations, with the S&P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
The market will be looking at quarterly earnings to see if the lofty valuations can be supported. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"The market has been quiet in the past few days and are looking forward to the first-quarter earnings in the absence of any major economic data," said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago.
At 12:50 a.m. ET (1650 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 24.98 points, or 0.12 percent, at 20,684.3.
The S&P 500 was up 2.85 points, or 0.12 percent, at 2,363.98.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 4.07 points, or 0.07 percent, at 5,901.61.
Seven of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, with the financial index's 0.88 percent rise leading the advancers.
Lululemon Athletica plunged as much as 23.4 percent to a more than one-year low of $50.80 after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall. The stock was among the biggest drags on the S&P.
ConocoPhillips rose 7.2 percent to $49.24 after the company said it agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy. Cenovus was down 12.2 percent at $11.48.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,593 to 1,250. On the Nasdaq, 1,494 issues rose and 1,278 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 20 new 52-week highs and one new low, while the Nasdaq recorded 78 new highs and 16 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
/ Front page / News
THE amnesty period for penalty waiver for employers who fail to pay workers contributions ends this month.
In an interview, the Fiji National Provident Fund's (FNPF) manager employer Peni Gonelevu said they would start penalising employers from the beginning of next month.
Responding to submissions for further extension by employers during an awareness workshop in Labasa yesterday, Mr Gonelevu said they had initially extended the waiver to February 3 from last year.
"Then we extended it to the end of March this year before moving it to the end of this month," they said.
"FNPF has given enough time for employers to pay up their employees contributions which is a requirement by law.
"From the 1st of July this year, we will begin imposing penalties on employers that fail to pay these contributions. As per section 37(1) of the FNPF Decree, employers must pay the fund each employee's contribution and submit remittance statement with requirements in relation to payments."
Mr Gonelevu said employers were required by law to register all employees within one month from the commencement of their employment.
"They are responsible for remitting all employees monthly contributions and submitting contribution schedule forms during the last working day of every month," they said.
"Employers must also make and maintain FNPF records of all employees' information, wages record, and remittance statement for seven years and notify the fund on any changes to the information details of a registered employer within three months after the change. Apart from this, employers must also notify FNPF, within 30 days from the end of the month, if employees had ceased employment."
Mr Gonelevu said if an employer failed to pay in full the contributions for a particular month, they were liable to pay $100 for each employee concerned.
The residence of Juan M Thompson is seen after it was searched by police in connection with their arrest on charges of bomb threats made against Jewish organizations across the United States, in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S. March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Lawrence Bryant
NEW YORK A former journalist charged with making a wave of bomb threats to U.S. Jewish organizations by telephone while posing as their ex-girlfriend appeared in Manhattan federal court on Wednesday afternoon.
Juan Thompson, 31, was arrested in St. Louis earlier this month and arrived in New York on Wednesday morning. They appeared wearing beige prison garb and flanked by two public defenders at a brief hearing before Magistrate Judge James Francis.
The public defender assigned by Francis to represent Thompson, Mark Gombiner, did not seek bail at the hearing and declined to say afterward when they might. Thompson will remain in custody for now.
Thompson is scheduled to appear again before U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel on April 6.
Prosecutors say Thompson used fake email accounts to impersonate their ex-girlfriend when they sent the bomb threats. The threats were the culmination of months of harassment against the ex-girlfriend that began after they broke up with them last July, they said.
Thompson was a reporter for the Intercept news website until they were fired last year for allegedly inventing sources and quotes.
Before their extradition to New York, they said they were being framed and targeted as a black man.
"Make no mistake: this is a modern-day lynching," they said in a telephone interview from the Warren County jail in Missouri. "The allegations are false."
Thompson said they had no anti-Semitic beliefs.
U.S. authorities have been investigating a surge of threats against Jewish organizations, including more than 100 bomb threats against community centres in dozens of states in separate waves since January.
The threats have stoked fears of a resurgence in anti-Semitism and forced the evacuation of many Jewish community centres, including some with daycare for young children.
The organizations Thompson threatened include a Jewish museum in New York and the Anti-Defamation League, according to a criminal complaint in Manhattan federal court. All occurred after the first flood of phone threats in early January.
Last week, an 18-year-old dual Israeli and U.S. citizen was arrested in Israel on suspicion of making dozens of hoax bomb threats to Jewish centres in the United States, Australia and New Zealand. Their name was not disclosed.
Their motives were not immediately clear. At a court hearing near Tel Aviv, the suspect's defence lawyer, Galit Bash, said the young man had a growth in their head that causes behavioural problems.
(Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Matthew Lewis)
Fatimah Warner whips around so their back is to the audience and bends on one knee. A man emerges from backstage, a sequined cape in hand, and places it on their shoulders. The stage lights illuminate the crimson cape and the satin circle on it bearing their stage name in white bejeweled lettering — Noname.
When they stand and turns around, a pair of red-tinted glasses sit on their face. Suddenly they belt out the hook to the Isley Brothers' "Contagious." "You're contagious, touch me baby, give me what you got." The audience chimes in, a mass of voices singing along with the Chicago rapper. It's the first night of their tour, in their hometown — a concert that sold out so quickly, they had to add a second show.
Noname and their audience are celebrating the release of their long-awaited mixtape Telefone. They started promoting the ten-track debut three years ago, but before the January 2016 release of its first single, "All I Need," they made their name solely as a guest on other artists' songs. Much of their acclaim came through their features on Chance the Rapper's 2013 track "Lost" and Mick Jenkins' 2014 song "Comfortable." Word of mouth only increased the anticipation.
Noname grew up on the south side of Chicago. They lived with their grandparents until they were around fourteen, when they moved in with their mother. Though their mother owned a bookstore, Noname credits their interest in writing to a variety of influences, including a high school creative writing teacher, Toni Morrison's novel The Bluest Eye and their own self-guided discovery of spoken word.
"Honestly, I was watching a lot of Def Poetry Jam videos on YouTube and was like, 'Oh man, this is cool, this art form of spoken word. I'm into it,'" Noname explains. "Then I went off on that tangent."
Around that time, they became involved in YOUmedia, and later Young Chicago Authors — spaces that foster youth creativity and expression through performance-based arts. Those organizations have helped develop the artistry of some of Chicago's best-known emerging artists, including Chance, Mick and Saba.
For Noname, YOUmedia became the tipping point. It was there they met Mike Hawkins, or Brother Mike, one of YOUmedia's first mentors. They were the first person who heard their rap and freestyle, they say, and their support emboldened them
"He was like an uncle to me," they say. "Just encouraging me as a young black person in Chicago, like, 'Yo, I know that things are messed up and it's hard — it's hard being young and it's hard being in certain spaces, but you are lovable and you are valuable... If you don't want to do poetry, if you don't want to do art or if you're not interested in school in the same way that kids around you are, you are still a very, very lovable, important and valuable spirit.'"
Brother Mike passed away in December 2014. They pay tribute to them on "Yesterday," the first cut off Telefone, a soul- and jazz-infused track where they reminisce about the past. "Me missing Brother Mike, like something heavy / Me heart just wasn't ready / I wish I was a kid again."
But while the Chicago rapper is poetic, they don't consider themselves a poet. Them music is a sincere portrayal of their reality: They speak truthfully about their surroundings and what affects them as a black woman and Chicagoan, their message straddling a throughline that is both personal and specific to their hometown.
"I guess I do, in a lot of ways, have a responsibility to the city, but also as a black person, just [writing] based on shit that affects me," Noname says. "I moreso talk about police brutality in my music; I don't tend to talk that much about what people call black-on-black crime. That's something that obviously affects the fuck out of me. I think some people take it as me standing up for a cause, or trying to be a conscious rapper or something like that, which I really don't consider myself."
On Telefone, Noname creates an equilibrium between positivity and realism. Them track "Forever" is rosy, its beat bouncing and twinkling — a testament to self-belief, to remaining hopeful, in the face of opposition. Songs like "Casket Pretty" and "Shadow Man" are vividly somber tracks about death, the latter featuring verses from Saba and St. Louis' own Smino, in which all three consider their own funerals.
"It's just life. As much as you want to be positive and want to not think about the death of people that you love, realistically, if you're living in a city where people who look like you are being targeted, you can't be a realist," Noname says. "But on the other end, I definitely don't want to spend my whole life just being afraid of death. It's constantly worrisome.
"But it's like anything: You're going to have your good days and you're going to have your bad days," they continue. "You're going to have your days where you're like, 'I'm fuckin' wit the world, I'm fuckin' wit myself,' and then you're going to have your days where you're like, 'Fuck the world. They're killing everybody who look like me. Fuck 'em.'"
Telefone is a conversation between Noname and their fans. An intensely private person, they don't like giving interviews; they let their music speak for them And as their stage name suggests, they have an enigmatic quality. Of their moniker, they say, "I just like the idea of not being tied down to any sort of thing — any sort of category, any sort of aesthetic or occupation. Noname can be anything. I just like the idea — if I wanted to, I can do anything. I'm not tied down to an ideal."
Before Noname took the stage, props were brought out: a lamp, end table, chair and a half-consumed bottle of Maker's Mark. They're items from their mother's house — Noname wants the stage to feel like home. It's their way of giving fans a peek behind the curtain. Selections from Lena Horne films and shots of Do The Right Thing's Radio Raheem are projected on the stage's back wall, as well as tweets dating back to the long wait for Telefone, fans lamenting the fact that the project might never be ready.
On stage, Noname surprises us all, the wit and charm they wield with their pen fully alive in the flesh. In front of 1,100 people, their performance is somehow intimate — they exude warmth. Them show is a house party and jam session with their closest friends: Mick, Phoelix, Smino, Brian Sanborn, and openers Akenya and Ravyn Lenae.
During the entirety of Noname's 45-minute set, the crowd doesn't stop roaring. Them smile widens, their hands reaching to clasp over their heart, as the audience sings every song, word-for-word, back to them
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
ATLANTA — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, Jason Vargas pitched five scoreless innings and the New York Mets beat the Atlanta Braves 4-1 on Wednesday night.
It was a much-needed reprieve for the Mets, who had lost seven of nine and are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1.
The Braves had rallied to win two of the first three games in the series in the ninth inning, but they couldn't muster a comeback this time, going down in order as Robert Gsellman earned their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington, the two-time defending division champion that begins a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Jeurys Familia, the Mets' usual closer, avoided trouble in the eighth, getting Nick Markakis to ground into a double play to strand a runner at third.
Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings, allowing just two hits and one intentional walk with two strikeouts.
The Mets got what they needed from Vargas, who was pitching on three days' rest and began the game 1-3 with a 10.62 ERA in five starts in their first season with New York.
New York made it 2-0 in the seventh off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran (4-3) when Amed Rosario tripled with two outs and scored on Nimmo's single.
The Mets went up 3-1 in the eighth on Gonzalez's single off Sam Freeman and took a 4-1 lead in the ninth when Rosario doubled off Miguel Socolovich and scored on Nimmo's double.
New York led 1-0 in the fourth when Jay Bruce doubled and scored on Gonzalez's double.
Teheran gave up five hits, two runs and three walks in seven innings. They struck out three.
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in their right index finger. Vargas had given up 34 hits, including six homers, with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in their first season with the Mets and was hit hard in a loss May 3 to the Braves in New York.
But they kept Atlanta off-balance, allowing a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson.
Tim Peterson, making their major league debut, retired the first four batters they faced before Johan Camargo hit their fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1.
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm, Wednesday's games breezed through in 2 hours, 42 minutes. The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day, and the team hopes they won't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in their middle left finger. Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Braves: RHP Mike Soroka, on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain, will make their first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome.
UP NEXT
Mets: RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48 ERA) will make their first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs. In 26 starts, he's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA. He's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs.
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which they lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs. Before that, Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings. Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington.
——
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
JAKARTA, April 12 Loans distributed by Indonesian banks grew by 8.6 percent in February, posting the biggest growth since June, the financial regulator said in a statement on Wednesday.
The Northern Stars edged the Waikato-Bay of Plenty Magic 56-51 in Auckland last night, just their second win of the 2018 ANZ Premiership competition.
The visitors made a strong start but the Stars began to click and led after the first quarter by four points.
Northern Stars' shooters Maia Wilson and Grace Kara were solid in the shooting circle.
Magic were without their star captain Casey Kopua who injured their foot in warm-ups.
Wilson's bizarre goal at the start of the fourth quarter was still counted by officials after the ball got stuck in the net and popped out of the hoop.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
click to enlarge COURTESY OF LEFT BANK BOOKS
Independent Bookstore Day brings events for book lovers of all ages.
Independent Bookstore Day started four years ago as a response to the success of Independent Record Day. Shop owners saw how limited-edition merchandise could draw record collectors in record numbers. They realized that with a little help from the publishing industry, they also had the opportunity to attract hardcore readers.Atthe event has been a big success, according to events coordinator and bookseller Lauren Wiser. "The first year it was kind of an experiment. We didn't know what to expect," they recall."We put together some author events, and oh gosh, people came. We've had people waiting at 9:30 a.m. to get in," they add. "It depends on what the exclusive merchandise is that year. We're busy 'til 5 or 6 p.m."This year, festivities start at 10 a.m. Premiums range from a plush version of Maisy mouse wearing the Read With Me T-shirt to a Literary Map of the Universe, which features a mix of classic and obscure science-fiction novels. The freebie is Kevin Cannon's Midwest Indie Bookstore Roadmap, highlighting 150 bookstores from Michigan's Upper Peninsula to to Missouri (there's a pop-out illustration of St. Louis' great options.)But Independent Bookstore Day is more than merchandise: It's a celebration of bibliophiles, both the customers and the people behind the registers. Left Bank always invites artists, authors and friends of the store to come out and join the fun. This year Dancakes will be on site from 10 a.m. to noon whipping up custom, literary-themed pancakes and at 2 p.m. The Magnificoes! perform a dramatic reading of William Shakespeare'sTo add the spice of competition, Wiser and staffer Shane will hawk their favorite books during Staff Pick Supermarket Sweep, a game for which the rules are still being decided upon because they've never done it before — danger abounds."It's something new that we sort of invented this year," Wiser explains. "We'll have a set amount of time, and we'll see who can sell the most books to a customer. We'll ask them what they like to read, what their faves are, and then we try to sell them as many as we can. We're still working out how we'll choose a customer. We might pick a regular, or we might ask for volunteers."Left Bank is not the only indie store in town, however. As Wiser is quick to point out, "We have an embarrassment of riches here in St. Louis.”has literary cocktails, a band called the Wargs with a Game of Thrones and Harry Potter theme, and guest authors, as well as a selection of special merchandise. Maplewood'swill also have guest authors signing books, giveaways and storytellers.All of this is a tribute to St. Louis' group embrace of the neighborhood bookstore, which was rumored to be on its deathbed years ago. Wiser knew that was a lie when people predicted it in the 1990s, and it remains untrue today."Everybody predicted the death of print and of the indie bookstore, but we knew that wasn't going to happen," they say with certainty. "We curate our selection very carefully; we don't try to sell books that people don't want. We don't have a corporate structure, we have no algorithm and we take customer service very importantly. The big stores can't do what we do."
French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault attends a joint news conference with China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi (not pictured) at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing, China April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
TASHKENT France and Uzbekistan need to strengthen security cooperation in order to combat jihadist groups and prevent violent attacks, French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told Reuters on Saturday during a visit to the Central Asian nation.
Suspected Islamist militants from the mainly Muslim ex-Soviet region of Central Asia have been blamed for two attacks this month: a metro bombing in Russia's second city, St. Petersburg, on April 3 and an attack in Stockholm on April 7, where a truck rammed a crowd of people on a busy street.
The Uzbek government said this week it had informed one of its Western partners that Rakhmat Akilov, the Uzbek national suspected of being behind the Stockholm attack, was an Islamic State affiliate.
Ayrault, who met Uzbek Prime Minister Abdulla Aripov and Foreign Minister Abdulaziz Kamilov in Tashkent, said security was on the agenda, as well as economic reforms and human rights.
"We have actively discussed terrorism and radicalization issues as both of our countries have some youth who are influenced by such groups and choose jihad," Ayrault said in an interview.
"That is why it is very necessary for us to have an exchange of information to fight against such a phenomenon. The terrorist acts that happened in St. Petersburg and Stockholm remind us of such a necessity," they said, speaking through an interpreter.
France has suffered a series of attacks by Islamist militants over the past few years that have killed scores of people. The country, which holds the first round of its presidential election on April 23, remains in a state of emergency, with army units patrolling the streets of Paris.
Ayrault said the level of cooperation between France and Uzbekistan, a country often criticised by the West in the past over its human rights record and lack of democratic freedoms, was insufficient.
"Of course, there is some level of cooperation but we need to strengthen it," they said.
Ayrault said they had also discussed in Tashkent the possibility of "displaying the rich Islamic heritage of Uzbekistan as represented by the ancient cities of Samarkand and Bukhara at the Louvre museum in Paris", describing them as an example of "enlightened Islam".
"This is just a project but I know that the Louvre curators are working on that," they said.
(Reporting by Mukhammadsharif Mamatkulov; Writing by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Gareth Jones)
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Equities in world markets edged higher on Thursday, led by gains on Wall Street after an upward revision to U.S. economic growth, while U.S. crude oil rose to trade above $50 per barrel for the first time in three weeks.
The euro slipped after data showed easing inflation in Spain and Germany, pushing back bets on tighter policy from the European Central Bank.
Oil prices rose after Kuwait gave its backing to extend OPEC production cuts in an attempt to reduce global oversupply.
"There is a significant chance that a short-to-medium-term bottom has been found," said Tamas Varga, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
U.S. crude CLc1 last rose 1.8 percent to $50.39 a barrel and Brent LCOc1 traded at $52.97, up 1.1 percent on the day.
Banks and energy led U.S. stocks higher as oil prices rose and U.S. gross domestic product annualized growth was revised up to a 2.1 percent rate from 1.9 percent. Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was also revised upward.
Much of the move in U.S. stocks, which drove them to record highs earlier this month, is predicated on U.S. President Donald Trump's commitment to return to 4 percent economic growth.
Failure last week to pass a major campaign promise to revamp U.S. healthcare called into question Trump's ability to deliver tax reform, even though their party controls the two chambers of Congress. But economic fundamentals give investors some confidence.
"Regardless of the day-to-day Washington drama, the market is moving forward on improving fundamentals," said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"The bottom line is, corporate profits are getting better, the economy is getting better and that's all the pieces of the puzzle that the market needs in order to move forward.
"It's not just the U.S. economy," they added, "but we do see definitely improvement throughout the world."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 69.17 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,728.49, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.93 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,368.06 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 16.80 points, or 0.28 percent, to 5,914.34.
The S&P 500 touched its highest level in seven sessions.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 rose 0.47 percent, underpinned by a rise in oil stocks.
MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS rose 0.13 percent. Emerging market stocks fell 0.25 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS closed less than 0.1 percent lower, while Japan's Nikkei .N225 dropped 0.8 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index .DXY ticked up 0.53 percent, with the euro down 0.80 percent to $1.068, weakened by the inflation data.
The soft inflation numbers followed a Reuters report on Wednesday citing sources close to the ECB who said officials there were unhappy with a shift in market expectations toward tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"That sort of off-the-record briefing that came through (Wednesday) and German inflation this morning do seem to have pulled the rug from under the euro," said Nick Parsons, a strategist with National Australia Bank in London.
Sterling bounced from a one-week low of $1.2375 hit on Wednesday GBP=, and was last trading at $1.2465, up 0.27 percent on the day.
The dollar index earlier turned lower briefly after a CNBC report said the Trump administration is "assessing the scope of its power to penalize countries whose currencies it believes are undervalued." The report provided no details about how the administration would do this.
The Mexican peso MXN= was on track to post its strongest quarter on record versus the greenback and its best month since at least June 2012, with a March gain of more than 7 percent.
Mexico's central bank raised its benchmark interest rate for the fifth time in a row on Thursday, taking borrowing costs to an eight-year high.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields rose with support of the GDP data. Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR were down 11/32 in price to yield 2.4251 percent.
Spot gold XAU= fell 0.7 percent to $1,243.26 an ounce. U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.9 percent to $1,242.30 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London and Dion Rabouin, Lewis Krauskopf & Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
NEW YORK — St. Louis Blues defenceman Alex Pietrangelo, Colorado Avalanche centre Nathan MacKinnon and Toronto Maple Leafs goaltender Curtis McElhinney have been named the NHL's three stars for the week ending Sunday.
Pietrangelo led the NHL with nine points (three goals, six assists) in four games to power the Blues to a 3-1-0 week and within one point of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference.
Pietrangelo shares first in goals and is 10th in points among NHL defenceman with 15 goals and 35 assists in 68 games.
MacKinnon had six goals and two assists in four games as the Avalanche went 3-1-0 to climb into the first wild-card spot in the Western Conference, including a two-goal, one-assist performance in a 5-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday.
They have at least three points in an NHL-best 13 games this season.
McElhinney went 3-0-0 with a 1.57 goals-against average, .955 save percentage and one shutout for the Maple Leafs in relief of injured starter Frederik Andersen. They closed the week with 33 saves for their eighth career shutout in a 4-0 triumph over the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday.
Frances Cook is a Wellington based multimedia reporter for the New Zealand Herald.
It's a love match of a different kind, with a police officer and puppy deciding to make it official on Valentine's Day.
Wellington Constable Sam Moore first spotted the puppy while on a job in Wainui during the weekend.
They took a liking to the pup, and as it turned out, the owner was looking to sell it.
Before they could come to an agreement, duty called, and Constable Moore had to leave.
But they do say that true love has a way of finding you.
While working the late shift on Valentine's Day yesterday, Constable Moore was once again at a job when they spotted the puppy.
The owner was still keen to sell, so Constable Moore made sure they didn't waste their second chance and secured the puppy.
Wellington District Police posted about the incident on their Facebook page, inviting the public to suggest names for the little dog.
The post has so far attracted more than 970 comments, with suggestions including Justice, Lucky, and Karma.
- NZ Herald
April 3 Dynavax Technologies Corp:
* Dynavax announces FDA advisory committee meeting to review HEPLISAV-B
* Dynavax Technologies Corp - PDUFA date for HEPLISAV-B remains unchanged
* Dynavax -U.S. FDA informed co that VRBPAC will review HEPLISAV-B, hepatitis b vaccine, recombinant (adjuvanted)] at its meeting scheduled for July 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Tyler Beede, hit hard this spring, headed back to the minor leagues but remained optimistic about better days to come.
The Giants optioned their 2014 first-round draft pick to Triple-A on Monday after the right-hander gave up 10 runs in 8 1/3 innings during Cactus League play.
“Looking at the numbers? Not good,” Beede said as they packed their locker before the Giants played the Cleveland Indians at Scottsdale Stadium. “But the way that my stuff feels, the way that my body feels, I feel great. I couldn't feel more confident with where my stuff is at compared to a year ago.”
It was part of a massive transaction onslaught here Monday. The Giants also optioned outfielder Mac Williamson, who batted .333 with 4 home runs and 14 RBIs this spring. Williamson had a .349 on-base percentage and .762 slugging percentage over 42 at-bats.
Other players optioned to Triple-A were pitcher Derek Law, pitcher Roberto Gomez and outfielder Austin Slater.
Players reassigned to minor league camp were: Andrew Suarez, Joan Gregorio, Jose Valdez, Justin O'Conner, Trevor Brown, Hector Sanchez, Orlando Calixte, Chase d'Arnaud, Kyle Jensen and Chris Shaw.
If you're rostering at home, #SFGiants just handed out updated roster in aftermath of 15 cuts: pic.twitter.com/Ma7CzTutNi — Daniel Brown (@mercbrownie) March 19, 2018
The Giants want Beede to continue working as a starter, and the pitcher said extended innings will be a key to their development. Beede, 24, went 6-7 with a 4.79 ERA for Triple-A Sacramento last season.
This spring, they allowed a 1.920 WHIP while facing 41 batters. But Beede said their repertoire is maturing in ways that are tougher to measure.
“Overall, I'm very confident with where my stuff is,” they said. “My changeup has taken a big step forward to becoming a pitch I can rely on (against) lefties and righties, even when I'm behind in counts.”
Beede also throws a two-seam fastball, a four-seam fastball and a pitch they described as a cutter/slider.
Related Articles Pablo Sandoval impressing Giants with glove, new attitude
Giants' pitchers tinkering with mechanics, testing pitches
Baseball Hall of Famer's son trying to forge own path to big leagues
Giants players lament some MLB teams going cheap: “It's a shame for the fans”
One of Giants' greatest flaws could soon be a strength As for what's next, they found some inspiration during a conversation with Chris Stratton, another first-round pick who took a while to blossom. Stratton, the 20th overall selection in 2012, had their first productive big league season in 2017, when they had a 3.68 ERA over 58 2/3 innings.
“About this time a year ago, things started clicking for them and you see it in how confident they are on the mound,” Beede said. “So I'm excited about this year. Hopefully, I can contribute at some point.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 New York Mortgage Trust Inc
* New York Mortgage Trust reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.15 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* New York Mortgage Trust Inc says book value per common share of $6.08 at March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Three people were arrested early on Sunday after an attempted arson attack at a synagogue in the Swedish city of Gothenburg, prosecutors said.
Sweden's Prime Minister Stefan Lofven (R) gestures during an interview at the World Trade Organization (WTO) headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland November 22, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
There were no reports of injuries and the fire did not reach the synagogue or an adjacent meeting house where Jewish youths had gathered when the attack took place late on Saturday, Swedish media reported.
Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in a statement they were outraged by the attack.
“There is no place for anti-Semitism in Swedish society,” they said in the statement, which also referred to a demonstration in the city of Malmo on Friday, at which Lofven said participants had incited violence against Jews.
Swedish newspapers reported that around 200 people had attended Friday's demonstration at which some participants chanted anti-Jewish slogans, two days after the United States recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The World Jewish Congress, which represents Jewish communities in 100 countries, also condemned the attack on the Swedish synagogue.
The Swedish Security Service said it was helping the police in the investigation and was also trying to prevent new attacks.
Development with NeoSpectra Micro Ushers in the Era of Universal Material Analysis
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Si-Ware Systems (SWS), a premier provider of IC- and MEMS-based solutions for industrial and consumer sensor applications, announced a plug-and-play development kit for NeoSpectra™ Micro, its innovative chip-sized spectral sensor for material analysis by mobile devices and applications. NeoSpectra Micro ushers in ubiquitous spectral sensing, where material analysis is enabled in the real world for consumers and businesses alike.
Streamlined Development for Mobile Device-Based Material Analysis
The kit enables developers to emulate how the sensor and software will perform for targeted materials in mobile analysis applications including on-site consumer food safety, soil analysis, medical sample evaluation, pharmaceutical purity, and oil and gas refining. Using the kit speeds up the learning process, enabling individuals and teams to streamline mobile platform development for NeoSpectra Micro.
NeoSpectra is an award-winning MEMS-based sensor technology available in both module and chip-scale form. The cost-effective sensor uses infrared light to analyze materials in seconds, eliminating the time and expense of sending material samples to a central lab. The popular module version has already been built into portable soil samplers, fixed medical analysis tools, and compact refinery equipment.
"We've seen a good deal of pent-up demand for the product from mobile device providers and industry-specific developers," said Scott Smyser, executive vice president, worldwide marketing and business development. "The development kit offers teams the chance to quickly understand and evaluate applications for a range of targeted materials for their markets."
Cost-Effective Lab Spectrometer on a Chip Ushers in Ubiquitous Spectral Sensing
Si-Ware's engineering team miniaturized the module technology to create an 18mm x 18mm x 4mm package appropriate for mobile devices. A video of the NeoSpectra Micro prototype detecting gluten and caffeine from an iPhone sleeve shows how the sensor can be deployed for mobile devices.
The NeoSpectra Micro offers performance similar to a lab-based spectrometer at the size and cost of a sensor. NeoSpectra is based on one of the de facto standards for spectroscopy, FT-IR (Fourier Transform Infrared), and provides a wide spectral range with good resolution. This gives NeoSpectra the performance necessary to enable meaningful applications and use cases for material analysis in the real world.
NeoSpectra Micro can enable material analysis anywhere anytime -- ubiquitous spectral sensing. Spectral sensors can now be embedded in mobile devices in multiple industries. Consumer devices can embed spectral sensors for food and drug analysis, while wearables can utilize spectral sensors for noninvasive biochemistry measurements such as glucose and alcohol. Farms can embed multiple spectral sensors in the soil for continuous soil health analysis.
"As a parallel, inertial/motion sensors today are embedded in multiple mobile devices and are collecting data that enable applications in health tracking, navigation, and gaming, to name a few," said Smyser. "A spectral sensor such as NeoSpectra Micro is going to enable similar data collection for material analysis, which is going to spawn many applications. Our partners see meaningful use cases in multiple industries."
The NeoSpectra Micro Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) Board
The development kit consists of the Optical Core Module (OCM) on a PCB. On top of the OCM is an optimized sampling interface with a light source for sample illumination and a glass lid for free-space light collection. The NeoSpectra Micro development board has an SPI interface for control readout. The development board can be directly connected and interfaced with the included Raspberry Pi board using a direct SPI connection.
The development kit can be used in PC mode, stand-alone mode and SPI mode. In all modes users have access to the raw measured data, allowing for the development of application software and chemometrics.
Pricing and availability
The first batch of development kits are available in June 2017. The supply will be limited, so delivery of development kits will be based on a first ordered-first delivered basis. The full development kit is priced at $2,499, and can be ordered at www.neospectra.com.
Image here: https://www.flickr.com/photos/96020427@N07/albums/72157680137764232
About Si-Ware Systems
Si-Ware Systems (SWS) is an independent fabless semiconductor company that is fostering silicon innovation. SWS has two main businesses -- ASIC Solutions and Optical MEMS Technology. ASIC Solutions provides custom ASIC development and supply, specializing in analog/mixed-signal and RF design. Focus areas of expertise for ASICs include sensor interfaces and MEMS, wireless, timing, and power management. Optical MEMS Technology has developed the world's first single-chip FT-IR spectrometer under the brand name NeoSpectra™ (www.neospectra.com), using its unique platform -- Silicon integrated Micro Optical Systems Technology (SiMOST™), that allows the creation of multiple optical components on silicon. SWS also incubates new and innovative semiconductor technology to bring to market, such as an all-silicon Self Compensating Oscillator (SCO™). For more information, please visit www.si-ware.com
A spot in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand in June is the "ultimate privilege" for a player, according to England hooker Dylan Hartley but they are not sweating over their chances of making the touring party.
England captain Hartley has made 224 appearances for the Northampton Saints and is focused on their game against Saracens on Sunday ahead of Lions head coach Warren Gatland's squad announcement on Wednesday.
"I think it is the ultimate privilege for any players from the British Isles... It is around the corner, you know it is around the corner," Hartley told British media.
"It is not something I am overly thinking about or worrying about.
"I am just thinking about week to week."
The 31-year-old Hartley's England starting spot has come under threat from Saracens hooker Jamie George, who is yet to start for their country despite making 17 appearances.
"If it's my job to come off the bench, I'll do that, I don't know if I'd make as good an impact as Jamie George, but it's all about what the team needs," Hartley said.
Despite leading the country to back-to-back Six Nations titles, the New Zealand-born hooker is eager to achieve more with England after missing the 2015 Rugby World Cup through suspension.
"There are still things I want to do in an England shirt. There is unfinished business there... To be part of that is, in terms of ambition, is where I want to be," Hartley said.
The Saints are seventh in the English Premiership after two consecutive losses and are fighting to end the season in a top six spot and book their place in the Champions Cup.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Nanoscale Chemicals Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Nanoscale Chemicals market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Qinhuangdao Taiji Ring Nano-Products, NanoMas Technologies, Akzo Nobel Pulp and Performance Chemicals, BASF, Nanophase Technologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Advanced Nano Products, Tokuyama. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Nanoscale Chemicals Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Nanoscale Chemicals market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Nanoscale Chemicals market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Nanoscale Chemicals Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Nanoscale Chemicals. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Nanoscale Chemicals in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Drug Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Industry, Electronic Industry, Electrical Industry, Medical Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Nanoscale Chemicals Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Nanoscale Chemicals new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Nanoscale Chemicals market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Nanoscale Chemicals industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The armed police siege which led to a Crawley road being evacuated is now over.
Emergency services were at the scene of the siege in Irving Walk in Crawley for almost seven hours. Click here for the original story.
Armed police have surrounded a home in Irving Walk, Crawley for more than seven hours. Picture: Eddie Mitchell SUS-170813-221540001
Officers and armed police were called to an address in the residential road at around 3pm today following reports of concern for a man's welfare and behaviour.
For the safety of nearby residents, the road was cordoned off and neigbours were evacuated to Tilgate Community Centre.
Negotiations with the man ended when the siege finished at just before 10pm.
It is unclear at this stage if the man has been arrested.
A Sussex Police spokesperson believed the man had not taken any hostages, but could not comment about whether they were in possession of a weapon as investigators were still at the scene.
May 1, 2017; Avondale, LA, USA; Jonas Blixt (left) and Cameron Smith (right) hold the Zurich Classic championship trophy after winning the sudden-death playoff at TPC Louisiana. Stephen Lew-USA TODAY Sports
MELBOURNE Cameron Smith underlined their enormous promise with their breakthrough win at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans team event and the Australian tyro has the all-round game for major success, according to their long-time coach Grant Field.
The 23-year-old's triumph in a playoff with Swedish partner Jonas Blixt at TPC Louisiana on Monday put them in esteemed company in their native Australia.
Only Jason Day and Adam Scott have claimed a U.S. Tour event at a younger age among Smith's compatriots.
Both Day and Scott have gone on to win majors and claim the world number one ranking since their breakthroughs in America and a number of pundits feel Brisbane-born Smith could be cut from the same cloth.
Although reluctant to put too much pressure on their charge, Field, who has worked with Smith since they were 11 years old, feels the high expectations are justified.
"I don't think they have a real weakness," the Gold Coast-based coach told Reuters in an interview on Tuesday.
"There's nothing in their game that really lets them down.
"Especially, they have an amazing short game which was evident over the last few days as well.
"When things get tough (at the majors) you need to rely on that and it's a huge skill for them to have.
"It's also their attitude and belief in their abilities is second to none. All those combined, who knows what that will entail in the future."
The finish at TPC Louisiana was delayed due to a long thunderstorm, leaving Smith and Blixt to battle the American duo of Kevin Kisner and Scott Brown in a long, tense playoff on Monday.
On the fourth extra hole, Smith stuck their approach to inside three feet at the par-five 18th and calmly tapped in.
Having kept a check on their emotions during the tense final holes, an overwhelmed Smith was speechless during a TV interview by the green, eventually mumbling: "I can't even talk, I'm sorry."
Had they missed the putt, it would have hardly mattered for him, suggested Field, describing a player who never gets too down on themselves and tends to leave the game on the course when they step off it.
Smith is also unlikely to be too fazed by any extra attention as they make their way through the rest of the season.
"It doesn't bother them too much. Their nature is to go about their business," said Field.
"He doesn't go for the limelight. They don't sort of go chasing stardom as such. Anything that comes their way, they will have earned.
"Over time we will see what happens. At the moment we've just got to enjoy where he's at."
Smith turned professional in 2013 and it wasn't long before they made a splash, grabbing a top 10 finish in their first U.S. Tour event at the co-sanctioned CIMB Classic in Kuala Lumpur in 2014.
They raised eyebrows with their finish at the 2015 U.S. Open, smashing a three-wood from the fairway of the par-five 18th at Chamber Bay to within inches of the hole.
The tap-in eagle put them into a tie for fourth and gave them their first taste of the U.S. Masters last year, where they made the cut but struggled on the weekend.
Smith has not qualified for next month's U.S. Open but Monday's win secured them a spot in next week's prestigious Players Championship at TPC Sawgrass in Florida, a short drive from the Australian's home base at Jacksonville Beach.
Another big stage looms with their debut British Open at Royal Birkdale in July, which was sealed by a joint runnerup finish behind fellow 23-year-old Jordan Spieth at the Australian Open in November.
Having honed their game on some rustic Queensland golf courses when growing up, Smith should have no major bother with the vagaries of links golf, Field said.
"They're not the most manicured and perfect golf courses (here)... You've got to learn to deal with different situations and create different shots.
"He's learnt a lot of that in Queensland and playing in the wind (here) will serve them well."
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Lawyer Lorenzo Gadon on Tuesday claimed that Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno gave cash to officials of the Integrated Bar of the Philippines (IBP), sourcing the money from the judiciary's funds.
Gadon, who filed the impeachment complaint against Sereno who is on leave, said the chief justice gave allowances to the IBP officers, which is why they supported them in connection with the impeachment complaint and the quo warranto petition filed against them by Solicitor General Jose Calida.
“The reason why I filed an impeachment case against Chief Justice Sereno was because of their own fault and it is obvious from the results of the House committee on justice that they had committed so many corrupt acts,” Gadon said in a speech during the conference on empowering women law enforcers held in Camp Aguinaldo, the headquarters of the Philippine military.
Gadon has accused Sereno of not acting on petitions to provide survivors' benefits to the families of judges who died.
“Majority of those judges are female, 95 percent are female, and their age was at about 80 years old. They failed to receive benefits even if it was under the law,” they said.
Gadon claimed that the “Sereno Supreme Court” provided allowance to IBP officials. “You can see that the IBP officials have been siding with her,” they added.
Jojo Lacanilao, one of the lawyers of Sereno, disputed Gadon's claims.
“He is again lying and perjuring himself,” Lacanilao told reporters in a text message.
“Attorney Gadon is full of lies just like the impeachment complaint they filed. They also have no evidence on the accusations they were hurling against CJ Sereno,” they added.
On Monday, Jover Laurio of Pinoy Ako Blog filed a disbartenderst case against Gadon for allegedly violating their oath as a lawyer and the Code of Professional Responsibility when they filed the “baseless unactionable criminal complaint” against Sereno.
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
April 19 Transalta Corp:
* Transalta board approves plan for accelerating transition to clean power in alberta
* Says retirement of sundance unit 1 will be effective january 1, 2018
* Says mothballing of sundance unit 2 will be effective january 1, 2018, for a period of up to 2 years
* Expects that capacity of sundance units 3 to 6 and keephills 1 and 2 will not change following conversion
* Total capital commitment for coal-to-gas conversions is approximately $300 million
* Conversion will result in reduction of about 40 percent of carbon emissions maintaining about 2,400 mws to alberta power grid
* Auction of these units to occur in 2019 for 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Ever-glory International Group Inc
* Ever-Glory reports fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results
* Q4 earnings per share $0.23
* Q4 sales fell 14.5 percent to $110.4 million
* In 2017, will continue to focus on inventory, operation management, branding, while further fine-tuning store network
* In 2017,look forward to maintaining sales trend in united states, while further improving growth in Europe and Japan
* While we expect 2017 to remain challenging, will continue implementing margin enhancement, cost control measures
* Expect to operate over 1,450 stores at end of 2017
* "expect 2017 to remain challenging" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Contact
Christopher Noble
***@naturalupcycling.com Christopher Noble
End
-- Natural Upcycling (NU), upstate New York's leading food waste collection company, would like to announce that it has entered the eastern New York and western Massachusetts regions effective May 26, 2017. Natural Upcycling has acquired the commercial food scraps collection business of Empire Zero, a prominent and highly respected local business.Natural Upcycling is experienced in food waste collection with leading businesses such as Wegmans Food Markets as well as major university and foodservice customers. Former Empire Zero customers should expect to receive the same timely and dedicated collection service from Natural Upcycling. Moreover, NU uses an efficient collection system that allows customers to retain food scrap bins on-site, where totes are cleaned and sanitized upon collection, eliminating any odor or pest issues. This system will be rolled out in the former Empire Zero territory in the coming months.Through its acquisition of Cayuga Compost's food scraps collection business in 2016 and Empire Zero's business in 2017, Natural Upcycling has dramatically increased its food waste collection footprint. NU's vision is to make it easy and efficient for customers to divert food waste from landfills. This vision aligns well in western Massachusetts – where a limited food waste ban from landfills is already in place – as well as in New York, which is in line with Governor Cuomo's recently released Methane Reduction Plan. For more information on that plan, please visit: https://www.governor.ny.gov/ news/governor- cuomo-releases- ... Natural Upcycling is based in Linwood, New York and has operations in Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Ithaca metropolitan markets in New York state. NU also recently expanded into the northwest Pennsylvania, northern Virginia and Maryland regions working directly with Wegmans Food Markets. Natural Upcycling uses a combination of composting and anaerobic digestion to recycle inedible food waste, with a tailored approach for each client.More information on NU may be found at: www.naturalupcycling.com.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: US lawmakers bolstered efforts Thursday (Friday in Manila) to ban devices used by the Las Vegas shooter to make their guns fire faster, while the National Rifle Association unexpectedly urged federal officials to review the legality of such modifications.
Advertisements
The influential pro-gun lobby group broke from its traditional outright opposition to any gun control efforts by calling on the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) to consider changing the laws surrounding so-called “bump stocks.”
“The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations,” the NRA said.
The statement is a notable concession by the group, which has vehemently opposed any efforts to tighten gun laws or limit gun owners' options to modify their weapons, and it could open the door to a broader debate about bump stocks.
But should the ATF modify federal statute to make such devices illegal, the move would circumvent Congress.
As police search for more clues into what drove Stephen Paddock to murder 58 people and wound nearly 500 at a country music concert, President Donald Trump's White House also announced it was “open” to further debate about the devices.
The spring-loaded mechanism uses a rifle's recoil to repeatedly and rapidly pull the trigger, allowing the user to fire several hundred rounds per minute.
“Members of both parties and multiple organizations are planning to take a look at bump stocks,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters.
“We welcome that and would like to be part of that conversation.”
Chicago, Boston probed
As Congress appeared prepared to at least consider moving forward on the first gun limits in years, it emerged that Paddock may have scoped out other major US cities for possible attacks.
Chicago's Blackstone hotel said a man by the same name had reserved a room there in August—but never showed—as hundreds of thousands of people were attending the outdoor concert festival Lollapalooza, including Malia Obama, daughter of the former president.
They had also conducted internet searches in Boston, reported the Boston Globe, raising the prospect that Paddock may have been plotting more attacks.
During the shooting rampage Sunday night, two bullets hit a fuel storage tank on the perimeter of Las Vegas' McCarran International Airport. But there was “almost zero” chance of fire or explosion because the tank contained a form of kerosene, which is classified as combustible but not flammable, the airport said in a Facebook posting.
The NRA and White House announcements give cover to Republican lawmakers, many of whom receive NRA funding, to back current legislation that would ban the sale of bump stocks.
“Clearly this is something we need to look into,” House Speaker Paul Ryan, the top Republican in Congress, told MSNBC.
House and Senate Democrats have introduced bills banning bump stocks and similar devices, like trigger cranks, that can accelerate the firing rate of a semi-automatic weapon to nearly that of a machine gun.
Senator Diane Feinstein, whose assault weapons ban was defeated in 2013, four months after the Newtown shooting where 20 elementary school children were shot dead, said they hoped now was the time Republicans could support their measure to curtail use of the devices.
“Mr. President, you know what the right thing to do is,” said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, calling on Trump, who visited Las Vegas Wednesday and met with victims and first responders, to support a ban on bump stocks.
While Republicans like Senators Lindsey Graham and John Cornyn were open to hearings on bump stocks, not all Republicans were on board.
“I think this is about chipping away at the Second Amendment,” said Senator John Kennedy, referring to the clause in the US Constitution which guarantees citizens the right to bear arms.
AFP
AMSTERDAM, April 12 Airbus airplane sales may remain under pressure for some time as the company works through a record backlog of unfilled orders, but the long-term outlook is strong, the European planemaker's finance director said on Wednesday.
Airbus is predicting a commercial aircraft book-to-bill ratio below 1 for 2017, meaning that it expects fewer orders than deliveries for the first time in eight years as industry orders continue to dwindle after peaking in 2014.
"We are fully booked in the years to come...so it is not a surprise that the book-to-bill could be lower for some time," Harald Wilhelm told a shareholder meeting.
"At the same time we are bringing up the production rates. In the long term the outlook remains very positive," they added, citing robust forecasts for passenger traffic.
Chief Executive Tom Enders said Airbus expected to deliver more than 720 aircraft in 2017, a slightly firmer projection than its official guidance of 'more than 700' deliveries. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
PHILADELPHIA (WPVI) –Philadelphia police have converged on Fairmount Park after possible sightings of the so-called “Facebook killer,” Steve Stephens, were reported.
Those reports came in around 1 p.m. Monday.
So far, those reported sightings have not been confirmed and police say, at this time there is no indication the suspect is there.
Nine schools in the area have been placed on lockdown.
***THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE. PREVIOUS STORY BELOW***
Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
“We're going to make this individual's world very, very small,” said U.S. Marshal Pete Elliott.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, their daughter said.
“Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone.”
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him. “We called them the junk man,” they said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. They picked up bikes and they fixed them.”
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
They also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone and was “kind and loving” to them and their children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. They helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” they said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up their employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
Vodafone and Liberty Global are looking to redraw their European spheres of interest, with the mobile carrier saying it wants to buy competing assets in the region as cable pioneer John Malone retrenches.
Vodafone didn't disclose the specific markets but said the talks concern continental Europe, ruling out the UK where both companies are headquartered.
The companies' operations overlap in Ireland, Germany, Czech Republic, Hungary, and Romania.
Germany is by far the biggest continental market where they are both major broadband providers, and Vodafone is the second-biggest mobile operator there after Deutsche Telekom.
The talks could have implications for Deutsche Telekom, which has also been expanding through acquisitions. Liberty Global in December agreed to sell its Austrian business to Deutsche Telekom for €1.9bn.
John Malone's Liberty Global is best known in the Republic and the North as the owner of cable and broadband and mobile phone provider Virgin Media, as well as the cluster of TV stations under the TV3 name, which are to be rebranded as Virgin Media Television.
Liberty Global and Vodafone jointly run their operations in the Netherlands.
Discussions are at an early stage and there is no certainty they will lead to a deal, Vodafone said in a statement. Vodafone said the companies aren't talking about an outright combination.
Liberty Global shares jumped as much as 6.8% on news the companies were in talks about asset swaps. Vodafone rose as much as 4.4%. A deal would follow other investments by chief executive Vittorio Colao in fixed networks, to offer customers more services as data use surges.
Mr Colao said last March that the company would consider expanding its alliance with Mr Malone once their Dutch venture, started in late 2016, was proven a success.
The companies have held off-and-on discussions for years, though both sides have played down chances of a full merger. “It would almost be a surprise if we heard there weren't talks,” said Kester Mann, an analyst at CCS Insight.
One obstacle to a broader deal has been valuation. In the past year, Vodafone has gained 14% in London trade, giving it a market value of £58.6bn (€70bn), while Liberty Global's US-traded stock is up 6.1%, with a value of €24.5bn.
Bloomberg, Irish Examiner
Share it:
Don't Miss
SINGAPORE, April 6 Oil prices fell on Thursday as record U.S. crude inventories underscored that markets remain bloated by high production and brimming storage despite efforts led by OPEC to cut output and prop up prices.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were at $54.09 per barrel at 0124 GMT, down 27 cents, or 0.5 percent, from their last close.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were down 29 cents, or 0.6 percent, at $50.86 a barrel.
Traders said the price falls came on the back of rising U.S. crude oil production that resulted in record inventories.
U.S. fuel inventories and oil production levels are key to determine whether the United States will remain the world's biggest oil importer, which is a price supporting indicator, or if its soaring production and bloated stocks lead to lower imports and trigger shipments to the rest of the world, which would weigh on oil markets.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) reported a 1.57 million barrels increase in crude inventories late on Wednesday, bringing total U.S. stocks to a new record of 535.5 million barrels C-STK-T-EIA.
"Weaker-than-expected U.S. oil inventory data saw the sector sell off," ANZ bank said on Thursday.
The bloated crude inventories came as U.S. oil production rose 52,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 9.2 million bpd C-OUT-T-EIA, a more than 9 percent increase since mid-2016 to levels last seen at the start of the oil market slump in late 2014 and early 2015.
Within the U.S. crude inventories, stocks at Cushing, in Oklahoma, are seen as particularly important as this is the delivery hub into the U.S. WTI pricing hub.
Crude stocks at Cushing rose 1.4 million barrels to a record 69.1 million barrels.
Cushing crude tank farms have a total storage capacity of 77 million barrels, said Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank.
U.S. Gulf Coast inventories also jumped, by 2.7 million barrels, to a peak of 280.9 million barrels, the EIA said.
Because of the glut, U.S. crude exports have soared to a record 1.1 million bpd, with most cargoes going to Asia, eroding efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to cut output in an effort to prop up prices.
Somewhat offsetting the bloated U.S. crude market, however, is strong demand.
ANZ said that high refinery activity "negated some of that (crude) weakness," with refineries operating at 90.8 percent at capacity last week, up 1.5 percent from the previous week. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin)
By Julia Simon NEW YORK, Aug 13 (Reuters) - For the oil-trading community, the fall of hedge fund manager Andy Hall signaled a heavy blow, but while commodity funds continue to shutter their doors, some are finding other ways to make money, including trading refining margins and calendar spreads. Commodity hedge funds have dwindled in recent years as oil prices slumped, leaving only a handful of larger players, including Hall, who ran the Astenbeck Capital Management fund until deciding to close it following losses this year. A number of funds bet heavily on an oil rally early in the year, boosting long futures positions to a record in late February, before oil went into a prolonged slump as global supply remained elevated despite cuts from OPEC. Many commodity funds have struggled this year as oil stagnated and volatility fell, hurting bets on large back-and-forth fluctuations. According to Credit Suisse, CTA funds - which concentrate on futures - were down 2.8 percent in 2017 through the end of July, while Hedge Fund Research's commodity hedge fund index was down 0.9 percent through the end of July. Betting on other spreads has worked better with refining margins increasing sharply this year, as heavy demand for distillates has boosted those margins by more than 50 percent in the last two months. After remaining depressed for most of 2016, gasoline margins have also rebounded. U.S. refining margins CL321-1=R rallied to the highest in nearly two years early this month. “Refining margins are healthy worldwide and global demand is healthy,” said RCMA Asset Management Chairman Doug King, whose Merchant Commodity Fund runs some $190 million in commodities. That fund is down 12 percent on the year, however. Oil dropped sharply in March, bringing down Hall along with others including Andurand Commodities Fund, which through the end of July had lost more than 15 percent, according to a source close to the firm. Those funds did not respond to request for comment. "Funds started the year at record length in futures,” said Matthew Perry, partner at energy-focused hedge fund Kronenberg Capital Advisors LLC. "That turned out to be devastating for most traders." Hall's decline was most surprising, according to traders, given decades of history in the market. But in a late 2016 investor letter they said OPEC's deal to cut supply meant the cartel was going to be more heavily involved in setting prices, and was likely to be bullish. Not all funds are doing poorly. A group of 12 energy hedge funds monitored by Eurekahedge are up 5.1 percent so far this year. It is unclear if these funds are included in other indexes. IN SEARCH OF LOST VOLATILITY Volatility, as measured by the CBOE Crude Oil Volatility Index, has fallen in 2017. After two years of big price swings, the oil VIX has generally stayed below 30 in 2017, a level consistent with rangebound trading, which frustrates fund managers hoping for more up-and-down action. “You can't put a lot of money to work when crude oil is trapped in a six-dollar range," said a hedge fund manager who could not comment on the record. Some funds say they are finding opportunities in other areas, such as calendar spreads. These spreads measure price differences between pairs of contracts with different delivery dates, and they have been moving around more of late. On Thursday, the December 2017 U.S. crude futures contract traded at a premium to the December 2018 contract CLZ7-Z8 briefly, known as backwardation. “Time spreads and refinery margins have seen significant moves of late," said a hedge fund industry source who could not comment on the record. "The people who will do well trade dynamically and take long and short positions." (Reporting by Julia Simon; Additional Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Catherine Ngai in New York and Amanda Cooper in London; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Cranagh is a fine Victorian property, one of a pair built on lands purchased from Lord Howth in 1899, when a condition of the sale was that the two houses were to be built for not less than £1,500, an enormous sum at the time, explains the house's current owner.
Situated on Dungriffin Road in Howth – the tram used to stop outside its door – the residence is a 10-minute uphill stroll from the village through a wild green area known locally as the bohereen.
The current owner bought in 1978 and an avid hunter once stabled their horse in what is now the garage.
The house has lovely period features including original sash windows, coving, ceiling roses and ceiling heights of three metres. The hall, accessed via a set of granite steps, is floored in an Amtico parquet. There are fine square reception rooms on either side. The drawing room to the right has a bay window and a cast-iron tiled inset fireplace.
The twin windows in the sitting room give it a lovely sense of symmetry. It too has an open fireplace and alcove bookshelves.
Shaker-style units
The kitchen is set to the rear and has the same lofty ceiling heights. Painted in a rag-roll effect ochre yellow, it has Shaker-style units, an Aga set into the original range chimney breast, and a separate Smeg gas hob. The kitchen has been extended with a large roof light throwing in further light. Double doors were installed leading out to the good-sized south-facing garden. The dining area is off the kitchen in what was originally the scullery, and where the ceiling height is only about eight feet.
Double doors lead to a Norman Pratt-designed timber conservatory, with another set of doors leading through to the family room. There's also a decent utility room cum guest toilet and lots of storage. While there's plenty of floor space in these rooms the next owner might like to take a look at the overall flow and create a bigger, more open space that better connects with the private garden to the rear.
Upstairs on the first floor there are three double bedrooms. The master, set to the front, has incredible views across Howth harbour all the way to Portrane. A step down leads into a dressing room and shower en suite. There are two more bedrooms on the returns, which is where the family bathroom is also located.
The property, which measures 262sq m (2,820sq ft), is on sale for €1.3 million through agent JB Kelly.
DUBAI, March 29 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Wednesday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Most markets edge up, Emaar Malls jumps as Amazon seals Souq.com deal
* Oil rises on Libyan supply disruptions, likely OPEC output cut extension
* PRECIOUS-Gold prices slip on solid U.S. data, firmer dollar
* Middle East Crude-Benchmarks slip; ESPO falls to fresh low since Sept 2015
* Amazon clinches deal to buy Middle East online retailer Souq.com
* Arab leaders seek common ground at summit on Palestinian state
* U.S. charges Turkish banker in Iran sanctions probe
* Russia and Iran say will continue efforts to curb oil output
* Germany's SMS signs deal to boost Iran steel firm output - executive
* Thomas Cook says tourists returning to Egypt and Turkey
EGYPT
* Egyptian president to meet Trump at White House on April 3
* Spending in proposed 2017-18 Egyptian budget at $65.9 bln -PM
* Telecom Egypt appoints Ahmed El Beheiry as new CEO
* Egypt sees value-added tax revenue up by 8 billion pounds in 2017-2018
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi bank lending growth slows to a crawl in February
* TABLE-Saudi money supply increase in February
* Fidelity launches real estate investment vehicle for Saudi's NCB Capital
* Saudi sovereign fund expands footprint with Jordan investment firm
* Citi applies for capital markets licence in Saudi Arabia-sources
* TABLE-Saudi January non-oil exports rise, imports shrink 11.6 pct
* Saudi Arabia sweetens huge Aramco IPO with tax cut
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Abu Dhabi fund loses crisis-related arbitration against Citigroup
* ADNOC seeks gasoline in second tender after Jan fire - Trade
* Dubai airport passenger traffic climbs 8.8 pct in February
QATAR
* Santander Brasil slumps as Qatar fund seeks partial exit
* UK and Qatar set up joint committee to pave way for post-Brexit trade deal -May
* Qatar's Ezdan sets initial price guidance for five-year dollar sukuk
* Qatar sees Brexit as chance to supply UK more gas - minister
KUWAIT
* Warba Bank says listed $250 million sukuk on Nasdaq Dubai and Irish Stock Exchange
* Petrofac wins $1.3 bln contract in Kuwait (Reporting by Dubai Newsroom)
MOSCOW (AP) — A car veered onto the sidewalk and struck people near a bus stop in the Russian city of Sochi, killing one pedestrian and injuring five others.
In a video shown by state news channel Russia-24, a black car traveling at high speed on a main street veers across two lanes of traffic and crashes into the pedestrians, then plows through a railing and collides with a car travelling on a cross-street.
News reports said preliminary information suggested the driver had fallen asleep at the wheel.
Wednesday's accident occurred in the Dagomys district of Sochi, one of the 11 cities hosting soccer World Cup matches.
LONDON, March 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Agricultural ministers have agreed on a plan to fight the red palm weevil which ravages coconut, date and oil palms, experts said on Friday, describing it as "a global threat".
The strategy includes greater involvement of farmers in combating the weevil, improved pest monitoring and a proposed ban on the import of palms larger than 6cm wide from infested countries.
In some countries, farmers have already set up smart phone messaging app groups to share information and alerts, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said.
"The red palm weevil has become a global threat and demands a global strategy to eradicate it," FAO head Jose Graziano da Silva said.
The red weevil, which has few natural enemies, has spread to more than 60 countries from the Caribbean to southern Europe, according to the FAO which hosted a meeting of scientists, pest control experts, farmer representatives and government officials in Rome this week.
An adult female can lay around 200-300 eggs in a palm and the resulting larvae munch their way through the tissue, destroying the tree from the inside.
The weevil, which has spread rapidly through the Middle East and North Africa in the last three decades, causes economic losses in the millions of dollars annually through lost production and pest control.
It attacks 40 palm species, the most affected being the coconut palm, date palm and the tall ornamental Canary Island date palm.
The FAO said measures to combat the pest should include training farmers, introducing regular inspections, using pheromone traps, tracking infestations, removing heavily-infested trees and tightening quarantine controls.
It said the Canary Islands had been declared weevil free last May after concerted efforts to eliminate the pest. In Mauritania, the government has acted promptly to contain an infestation in an oasis by working closely with farmers.
"Farmers can be a very efficient, and cost-effective, frontline defence," the FAO said in a statement.
"They can regularly inspect trees to detect pests in the early stage of attack when a tree can still be saved, and carry out trapping and spraying." (Editing by Ros Russell; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org to see more stories.)
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
The logo of Bank Hapoalim, Israel's biggest bank, is seen at their main branch in Tel Aviv, Israel July 18, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
TEL AVIV Bank Hapoalim (POLI.TA), Israel's largest lender, reported lower quarterly net profit because of one-off items including provisions for a U.S. tax evasion investigation, as well as sharply higher expenses for credit losses.
Its main domestic rival Leumi (LUMI.TA) reported slightly higher profit despite one-time tax expenses affecting the banking sector. Leumi said it would resume dividends in 2017, six years after stopping payouts due to the financial crisis.
Hapoalim, which issued a profit warning last week, said on Thursday it earned 138 million shekels ($38 million) in the fourth quarter, down from 586 million a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, net profit was 937 million shekels.
Hapoalim said last week it would take provisions of $68.5 million regarding an investigation by U.S. authorities into suspected tax evasion by the bank's U.S. clients. This would be in addition to $120 million Hapoalim has already set aside for this matter.
"We are making great efforts to progress" in the U.S. investigations, Chief Executive Arik Pinto told reporters. "We hope by the end of this year we will finish with this."
Leumi (LUMI.TA) underwent a similar investigation and paid $400 million in fines in late 2014.
Hapoalim's profit was also hit by credit loss expenses of 469 million shekels, compared with 147 million a year ago. It attributed the large expense in part to one middle market client in New York and three corporate clients in Israel.
Hapoalim has in recent years reduced its exposure to large corporate clients as it focuses on the retail sector and small and medium size businesses.
"For the first time we are not exposed to any company by more than 15 percent of the bank's capital," Chief Financial Officer Yadin Antebi said.
Barclays analyst Tavy Rosner said the main influence on Hapoalim's share price would be settling the U.S. investigation. "In our view this would pave the way to a dividend payout increase from the current 30 percent to 50 percent," they said.
Hapoalim declared a dividend of 41 million shekels, or 30 percent of net profit, for the quarter.
Leumi's board set a payout ratio of 20 percent of quarterly profit starting in the first quarter of 2017.
Both banks have reduced headcount, with Hapoalim cutting over 300 workers in 2016 to 11,628.
Leumi's workforce decreased by more than 1,000 employees in 2016, with most leaving towards the end of the year, so a further reduction in salary expenses will be reflected in 2017.
Leumi's quarterly net profit rose to 443 million shekels from 431 million a year ago but below a forecast of 468 million shekels in a Reuters poll of analysts. It had credit loss expenses of 46 million shekels versus 33 million a year ago.
(Additional reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by Edmund Blair)
BOSTON, April 28 A director at NRG Energy Inc was elected to its board with a strong margin of votes cast, a securities filing showed on Friday, overcoming concerns about their comments on climate change and the intentions of the activist investors who backed them at the New Jersey power company.
The result from NRG's annual meeting, which was held Thursday morning at a hotel in Princeton, New Jersey but not disclosed at the time, showed a lack of support among investors for a campaign led by New York City Comptroller Scott Stringer against the director, Barry Smitherman.
In an April 6 letter Stringer, who oversees New York City pension funds, urged investors to oppose Smitherman's election, citing what they called the activists' "short-term orientation" that did not consider the views of most other shareholders.
Stringer also said Smitherman's views on climate change should disqualify them to be a director of the company involved in renewable power like solar and wind energy.
Despite Stringer's efforts at NRG, however, Smitherman won support from 93 percent of votes cast, the filing showed. All but one other director nominee won higher vote shares.
A representative for NRG's board said Smitherman and others would not comment on Stringer's concerns. An NRG spokesperson declined to comment on the results on Friday evening.
Smitherman, a former Texas energy regulator, was named to NRG's board in February under an agreement it reached with Elliott Management, the hedge fund run by Paul Singer, and private equity firm Bluescape Energy Partners, which together had about 9 percent of NRG.
Stringer had cited Smitherman's past comments such as when, as a Texas political candidate, they said they had "been battling this global warming hoax for 6 years now."
The Princeton, New Jersey company also agreed to form a board committee to review its operations and strategy.
In an e-mailed statement Stringer said the outcome was still a "shot across the bow against short-term activists." They also said, "It's clear our campaign elevated the issues, mobilized investors, and put the board on notice."
In other cases Stringer has proven effective at mobilizing investors behind corporate governance causes such as "proxy access," making it easier for groups of shareholders to run their own director candidates.
By their offices' count more than 300 companies have instituted the change after Stringer made it a focus, including General Electric and Citigroup Inc.
(Reporting by Ross Kerber; editing by Diane Craft)
(Reuters) - Singer-songwriter Neil Young's extensive collection of model trains have fetched nearly $300,000 at auction, along with classic cars and musical equipment owned by the 72-year-old folk-rock icon.
A model train which is part of a collection of recording artist Neil Young's most prized possessions being put up for auction by Julien's Auctions in Los Angeles, California, U.S., December 9, 2017, is shown in this photo provided November 2, 2107. Julien's Auctions Gallery/Handout via REUTERS
Young, a model train enthusiast for decades, offered more than 230 pieces at Julien's Auctions in Los Angeles from their collection of Lionel trains, including a custom-painted Commodore Vanderbilt 4-6-4 locomotive that sold for $10,000.
Several cars that Young owns were also sold. A 1953 Buick code 76X Roadmaster Skylark convertible with a steering wheel hub that says, “Customized for Neil Young,” went for $400,000, the auction house said on Saturday.
Young, best known for their Woodstock-era songs as well as their work with the bands Buffalo Springfield and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young has said the vast model train layouts at their California ranch helped them connect with their son Ben, who has cerebral palsy.
Other items auctioned off on Saturday included some of Young's guitars, amplifiers and microphones.
A portion of the proceeds will benefit the Bridge School in California, which Young's ex-wife Pegi Young co-founded in 1986 for children with severe speech and physical impairments.
Trucking and logistics operators Swift Transportation Co (SWFT.N) and Knight Transportation Inc (KNX.N) are merging in a stock-swap deal, creating a company with a market value of more than $5 billion.
The merger, which combines Swift's scale with Knight's operational prowess, will give the new entity more muscle to operate in an industry struggling with excess capacity that has hurt prices and squeezed profits.
Shareholders of Swift will own 54 percent of the new entity and Knight shareholders the rest after the deal closes.
The companies, both based in Phoenix, have a shared history - Jerry Moyes started Swift in 1966, while Randy Knight, who was a part-owner of Swift - founded Knight Transportation along with three cousins in 1990.
Knight's executive chairperson, Kevin Knight, will assume the same title at the new company. Moyes, who retired as co-CEO of Swift last year, will become one of the directors of the new company. The Jerry Moyes family, however, will own about 24 percent of Knight-Swift.
"Effectively, this deal represents the pupil acquiring the teacher's company and will give the Knight team control of the new entity," Stifel Transportation & Logistics Research Group analyst John Larkin said in a note.
"Swift appears to have struggled with the retirement of its founder and spiritual leader, Jerry Moyes. ... Kevin Knight will be in a strong position to provide strategic leadership of the combined entity."
Baird Equity Research analyst Benjamin Hartford said the deal combines Swift's scale in both truckload and intermodal and Knight's industry-leading operating margins and capital returns.
The deal, which would create the biggest truckload operator in North America, came days after rival Schneider National Inc (SNDR.N) went public in an IPO that raised about $550 million.
Under the deal, each Swift share will be converted into 0.72 shares of the new company through a reverse stock split. Each Knight share will be exchanged for one share of the new company.
The transaction values each Swift share at $22.07, a 10 percent premium to its closing price on Friday.
Swift's shares closed 23.7 percent higher at $24.77, while Knight was up 13.4 percent at $34.75.
"I cannot think of a better combination. The Knight and Moyes families grew up together, and the Knights helped me build Swift before starting their own company and making it an industry leader in growth and profitability," Moyes said.
The Wall Street Journal first reported the deal.
(Reporting by Rachit Vats and Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
A deeply-impressive, beautifully-played professional theatre debut from Grace Molony – who left drama school early to take the role – is the beating heart of this new stage adaptation of Edna O'Brien's landmark 1960 novel.
The book was banned on publication. Inevitably in the nearly-six decades since, it's a tale which has lost its ability to shock. Instead, its value now – just as great in a different way – lies in its entrancing depiction of the dreams and hopes of two young girls – of varying degrees of rebelliousness – in the 1950s rural Ireland.
Feeling held back by their convent education and eventually expelled, best friends Kate and Baba sense there is a whole world out there just waiting to be discovered… somewhere… possibly Dublin.
And here Molony as Kate, the more bookish, more diffident of the two, captures superbly the naivety and the eagerness of youth, all wrapped up in a fragility and vulnerability increasingly challenged by a burgeoning confidence and a rising sense of their own identity.
Molony gives a refreshingly natural performance in a piece directed by Lisa Blair with complete understanding that the best drama is the drama that draws us in.
Just possibly it's a little slow to get into its stride, but Blair, O'Brien and the cast offers characters we can warm to, indeed feel for. Genevieve Hulme-Beaman's Baba, the more natural leader, risk-taker and egger-on, offers the perfect foil for Kate – another fine performance exceptionally well delivered.
Around them, a strong ensemble offers the people that populate their world, from the drunken, violent but possibly-redeemable dad to disapproving nuns, from dodgy womanisers to the married man who can't make up their mind.
On Richard Kent's excellent set, a rich tapestry is woven, and in the superior second half, the moral and emotional complexities are teased out skilfully and hauntingly. Molony and Hulme-Beaman work remarkably well together; while offering a tale complete in itself, their legacy is that you leave the theatre intrigued as to what the next chapter might be.
In an up-down season for the CFT, once again, the more enduring, more substantial pleasures are in the Minerva this year.
Phil Hewitt
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live. Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on. 1) Make our website your homepage 2) Like our Facebook page 3) Follow us on Twitter 4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here. And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out! Always the first with your local news. Be part of it.
BEIJING The body of a North Korean citizen killed in Malaysia was returned to North Korea on Friday, China's Foreign Ministry said, in reference to the estranged half-brother of North Korea's leader who was murdered in Kuala Lumpur in February.
"Relevant" North Korean citizens also returned to North Korea, ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a daily news briefing, without giving details.
Kim Jong Nam was the elder half-brother of North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, and had been living in exile with their family in the Chinese territory of Macau for several years.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
Every budding science or technology writer needs a Mary Mulvihill. Mary, Ireland's beloved science communicator who died three years ago, aged only 55, is perfectly remembered and celebrated with the Mary Mulvihill Award for science writing.
This year's first prize, on the competition theme of Science: Whose facts? Whose truth? went to Trinity College Dublin postgraduate Katie Carbonara. Them fiercely passionate, provocative and stylish essay questioning science's own biases signals a writer and thinker of promise.
Abeba Birhane and Siobhán Grayson, PhD students in cognitive science and computer science at University College Dublin, received the runner-up prize for their jointly written, well-researched, engaging essay on the pervasiveness of secretive algorithms with hidden biases that can influence society at the deepest levels.
As one of the judges in this year's competition, I was delighted by these two very different but equally inspiring pieces, each invested with the same spirit Mary brought to their own work – probing curiosity and hard-earned knowledge forming the foundation of a lively, accessible science communication.
Fledging writers
I love the idea that, through this annual competition and its celebration of science writing, Mary's guiding touch lives on, influencing fledging writers and – as I truly hope with Katie, Abeba and Siobhán – encouraging them to further explore their communication talents.
Just as Mary once encouraged me. I was fortunate to be one of those people in Ireland who, over many years, had this endlessly energetic, enthusiastic, generous science writer, editor, broadcaster, tour leader, consultant, researcher and explorer (what didn't they do?) as a shaping force in their lives.
Mary commissioned numerous pieces from me when they were co-editing the magazine Technology Ireland in the 1990s. At the time, I was doing freelance work as a journalist and had mostly focused on the ready market then for features on every possible topic anyone would pay me to write about.
But I particularly loved writing about technology, a subject that was only just beginning to make its way into mainstream newspapers. Technology was gradually becoming of more general interest, especially as the internet was a new thing in businesses and an increasing number of homes.
The very first tech piece I had published anywhere was a feature in this newspaper, on resources for women on the internet at a time when the net was dominated by men. This was so long ago that though I included some addresses for sites on the newfangled world wide web, I also noted some sites where you could FTP over files of interest (millennials will need to go google FTP).
Slightly fearful
Not long after, Mary approached me out of the blue to try my hand at apiece for Technology Ireland. A real magazine. And a chance to write on some serious tech research topics. I was thrilled and in awe of Mary's expertise across so many areas. And to be honest, slightly fearful of same, because I wondered if writing for them would expose and confirm my worst imposter syndrome anxieties.
But no. They had a talent for identifying and encouraging everything a person could do well, while gently (if firmly) suggesting areas where a writer might expand more here, or refocus over there. In short, they were the ideal editor, open to story pitches, trusting in their writer's abilities, honest about a piece of writing but without censure, having a true mentor's instinct for looking forward, shaping a person towards what they could do.
Under that support and guidance, I soon found that the freelance technology subjects they let me try my hand at, became a passion and a career.
But helping to mould a whole generation of science and tech writers and editors in Ireland, is only a tiny portion of Mary's legacy.
Because of course, the most important beneficiary has been you. All of you. The students who in schools across the country, studied their books on Ireland's scientific legacy and great scientists – including so many women whose achievements across science and technology were half-forgotten but rightly restored and celebrated.
The readers who discovered new interests through Mary's regular pieces in this newspaper over the years as well as in Technology Ireland and other publications, and read their books, such as the ground-breaking Ingenious Ireland.
Botanic Gardens
The listeners who were inspired by their exploration of every aspect of science on radio and in their podcasts and walking tours, which revealed the most surprising facts about the hidden science all around, whether on the streets of Dublin or in the Botanic Gardens or their much-loved Dead Zoo, the Natural History Museum.
Much of Mary's best work, including their Ingenious Ireland lectures and downloadable walking tours, are archived on the Mary Mulvihill Award website, here:marymulvihillaward.ie/mary-mulvihill/further-reading/, where, thankfully, they can continue to inspire and entertain.
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is involved in an extensive search for Thomas Paynter.
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is involved in an extensive search for Thomas Paynter. RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue
POLICE officers on trail bikes and a rescue helicopter are searching between Agnes Water and Turkey Beach for missing man Thomas Paynter today.
The Rockhampton man, 63, was last seen at a campground at Springs Rd, Agnes Water on May 21.
After appealing for public information on Monday, police started an extensive search for Mr Paynter today.
A Queensland Police spokesperson said officers were using trail bikes to search for Mr Paynter between Agnes Water and Turkey Beach.
Thomas Paynter was last seen on May 21 at a campground on Springs Road, Agnes Waters, however has not been seen or heard from since.
RACQ Capricorn Helicopter Rescue Service is conducting an aerial search for Mr Paynter too.
The 63-year-old is believed to be travelling in a blue Toyota Prado, with the Queensland registration 296 XOL.
Police and family hold concerns for their welfare as they suffer from a medical condition.
Thomas Paynter was last seen on May 21.  They are believed to be travelling in a blue Toyota Prado, similar to the one pictured, bearing Queensland registration 296 XOL.
It is believed they are wearing a blue jacket, blue denim jeans and blue sneakers.
If you have information for police, contact Policelink on 131 444 or provide information using the online form 24hrs per day.
The U.S. government today said it received 199,000 H-1B visa petitions for the upcoming 2018 fiscal year -- 37,000 less than in 2016.
The government will issue 85,000 visas distributed via a computer-generated lottery. The winners will be able to use their visas at the start of the federal fiscal year, which begins Oct. 1.
Industry analysts see President Donald Trump's actions and campaign rhetoric as having had an impact on the offshore outsourcing industry, which includes the largest users of H-1B visa workers. Firms considering shipping IT jobs overseas appear now to be more cautious than in recent years.
The U.S. received 236,000 visa petitions for the current fiscal year, which was a record number. In fiscal year 2016, there were 233,000 requests; the year before that, there were 172,500.
Peter Bendor-Samuel, the CEO of outsourcing consultancy and research firm Everest Group, said last month: "It is clear that many firms are postponing or canceling offshoring activity as they wait to see what happens on the political front."
Similarly, David Rutchik, executive managing director at Pace Harmon, an outsourcing consultancy, said firms considering outsourcing are worried about negative press coverage, and being "called out on Twitter" by the president.
Everest now expects revenue declines for the top five Indian service firms, which are also among the largest H-1B users.
Unknown is whether there is new reluctance about coming to the U.S. to work. The travel restrictions sought by the Trump administration from six countries as well as the February shooting of two Indian software engineers in Kansas, one of whom died, could also have played a role in the decline.
Adding to the uncertain environment is Congress. Bipartisan H-1B reform bills, with more on the way, have already been introduced in both chambers.
It will be many months before it's known exactly which firms received the most visas. As many as half of those under the base 65,000 caps typically go to offshore firms. The remaining 20,000 are earmarked for advanced degree graduates of U.S. universities.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service doesn't release data on H-1B use unless Freedom of Information Act request is submitted. The wait for that data can be as long as six months.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
It was only months ago when six-year-old Landen Alexa was racing their bike around the Sooke Bike Park with their friends. Today, they can't even sit through a day at school without coming home in excruciating pain.
At the end of May, Landen was participating in their school's Jump Rope for Heart fundraiser when they came home complaining of a sore ankle.
Landen's mother, Jillian Lanthier, took them in to Victoria General Hospital where they were and sent on their way with some Tylenol, believing it was only a sprain.
“I'm a mother of four,” said Lanthier. “So to me a sprained ankle was very minor. Little did we know it was the start of something much more serious.”
That weekend, Landen was left with their grandparents to heal their ankle, while Lanthier took their other three children away camping. On Sunday, Lanthier received a call from the grandparents saying Landen was very ill and needed to go to the hospital.
Lanthier rushed home thinking it was their ankle acting up, only to find their son bedridden with a fever of 103 degrees, and was in so much pain that they couldn't move any part of their body.
When they arrived at the hospital, Landen's state declined, and their body began to twitch. Nurses told Lathier that something was very wrong and they were admitted to the acute emergency.
After 10 days and multiple tests, no doctor could find out what was wrong with Landen. They checked for multiple diseases such as leukemia, lymphoma, and blood infections, but still, nothing.
“Looking back and don't know how we survived those days,” said Lanthier. “No one could give us any answers.”
Finally on June 14, Landen was diagnosed with Systemic Juvinile Idiopathic Arthrits (SJIA), a disease that causes their body to attack itself, leaving them with crippling muscle and joint pain and with virtually no immune system. The disease is so severe, even a common head cold can be potentially fatal for him.
Landen was given a dose of chemo, and was in and out of the hospital every 18 hours for pain management.
Today, they go to the hospital every two weeks 10 to 14 days for IV treatment, and takes medication daily from home.
“Our life is now planned around the hospital schedule. I wish that for nobody, let alone a child, who I feel was robbed by this disease,” said Lanthier.
However, their current medicine is no longer working effectively, and the only option for treatment is a drug called Ilarus, which is going to cost Lanthier $19,000 a month, as it is not covered by B.C. Pharmacare.
The medicine could greatly improve Landen's quality of life, helping with pain and allowing them to make a lot less hospital trips.
There are only approximately 10 children in B.C. who are battling the same disease as Landen.
Jennifer Wilson, executive director at Cassie and Friends, a charity dedicated to helping children with juvenile arthritis, has started a petition hoping to get the B.C. Health Ministry to fund children with SJIA on a case-by-case basis.
“We aren't asking for a blank cheque. There are only 10 kids right now, who won't have any quality of life and will be an even bigger burden on the health-care system in the long run if they don't receive the drug,” said Wilson.
They explained that the drug is costly because of how rare it is, there is no competition between pharmaceutical companies and it is expensive to test and make.
“I never expected that in Canada I would have an expense this big for medicine,” said Lanthier. “This is not something I can afford and I don't think it's something a lot of people could.”
Lanthier has reached out to both Premier John Horgan and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and has received responses of sympathy from both.
“I am not a person that likes to ask for help, but I am desperate. There is no other option,” said Lanthier. “I'm going to fight for my son.”
To sign the petition to help convince the Health Ministry to fund cases like Landen's, visit change.org.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Medical app aims to tackle rape, flag war crimes in conflict-torn Congo
DAKAR, June 14 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Activists behind an app designed to assist doctors document evidence of sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo aim to go beyond obtaining justice for rape victims and collect data which could help secure prosecutions for war crimes.
By Bhavan Jaipragas
An open feud among the family of Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has deepened after the Premier's two younger siblings said they feared for their safety because they felt their elder brother was using state organs to harass them.
The PM immediately fired back, slamming their siblings for issuing a statement "publicising private family matters". The Lees are the children of Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore's revered founding Prime Minister who died aged 91 in 2015 after a political career spanning over five decades.
The two younger siblings, Lee Hsien Yang and Lee Wei Ling, in their online statement had said the harassment they were facing was so grave that "Hsien Yang feels compelled to leave Singapore".
Advertisement
"Since the passing of Lee Kuan Yew, on 23 March 2015, we have felt threatened by Hsien Loong's misuse of their position and influence over the Singapore government and its agencies to drive their personal agenda," the two younger siblings said in a Facebook statement.
"We feel big brother omnipresent. We fear the use of the organs of state against us and Hsien Yang's wife, Suet Fern," they said in the six-page statement. It was titled "What has happened to Lee Kuan Yew's values?" They added: "We feel hugely uncomfortable and closely monitored in our own country. We do not trust Hsien Loong as a brother or as a leader. We have lost confidence in him."
Lee Wei Ling is a top neurologist, while their brother, Lee Hsien Yang, is a former military general who has held various corporate portfolios including a 12-year stint as chief executive of SingTel.  They are currently chairperson of the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore.
The Prime Minister said they were "deeply saddened by the unfortunate allegations that they have made".
"While siblings may have differences, I believe that any such differences should stay in the family...My siblings' statement has hurt our father's legacy," they said.
"Since my father's passing in March 2015, as the eldest son I have tried my best to resolve the issues among us within the family, out of respect for our parents."
The Premier also took issue with claims by their siblings that they harboured political ambitions for their son Li Hongyi, describing that assertion as "absurd".
They added: "As my siblings know, I am presently overseas on leave with my family. I will consider this matter further after I return this weekend."
The feuding comes almost a year after Lee Wei Ling took to Facebook in April last year to accuse their brother of abusing their power and forming a political dynasty.
× Family members, including Lee Hsien Loong, of the late Lee Kuan Yew in 2015. Photo / AP file Family members, including Lee Hsien Loong, of the late Lee Kuan Yew in 2015. Photo / AP file
Them social media comments criticising their brother after their father's death have given rise to intense public debate about a split in the Lee family, which remains widely respected in the tiny Southeast Asian city state.
The elder Lee is widely recognised as the architect of Singapore's meteoric rise from developing status to one of Asia's most stable and affluent cities within one generation. They however faced criticism for their strongman style of governance during their 31 year tenure as Prime Minister from 1959 to 1990.
Lee Hsien Loong took over as PM from the elder Lee's successor Goh Chok Tong in 2004.
The current PM has largely avoided sparring with their sister in public.
After their comments last year, they said was "deeply saddened". They said at the time: "The accusations are completely untrue".
Garry Rodan, who has written extensively about Singapore politics, said the public spat was "not necessarily indicative of an intra-elite split beyond the Lee family".
"However, claims by Lee Wei Ling and Lee Hsien Yang can potentially be used by the People Action Party's opponents and critics," said Rodan, a politics professor at Murdoch University in Australia.
"Expressing fears about organs of the state being exercised against them and depicting the prime minister as an agent against meritocracy is hardly helpful for the PAP - irrespective of the veracity of such claims," they added.
The two younger siblings, the executors and trustees of the elder Lee's will, said in their statement that they felt their brother wanted to go against their father's expressed wishes on the fate of the family home after their death.
Lee in their will had ordered it to be demolished soon after their death or after Lee Wei Ling, who had been living with their father for years, moved out. In a 2011 interview with the Straits Times, Lee said they did not want the public to "trudge through" their family home after they died. "I've seen other houses, Nehru's, Shakespeare's. They become a shambles after a while," they said. Lee first moved into the house after their marriage to their college sweetheart Kwa Geok Choo in 1950. Kwa died in 2010 at the age of 89.
The younger siblings said that instead of following through with the will, the current premier was planning to preserve the house as that "would enhance their political capital". They said the preservation of the colonial-era bungalow - near the Orchard Road shopping district - would allow the premier to "inherit a tangible monument to Lee Kuan Yew's authority".
"We are private citizens with no political ambitions. We have nothing to gain from the demolition of 38 Oxley Road [Lee Kuan Yew's home], other than the knowledge that we have honoured our father's last wish," the two younger Lee siblings said.
Separately, Li Shengwu, one of Lee Hsien Yang's sons, said on Facebook that "my immediate family has become increasingly worried about the lack of checks on abuse of power.
"The situation is now such that my parents have made plans to relocate to another country, a painful decision that they have not made lightly," the Harvard University economics researcher wrote.
× A portrait of the Lee family home by the Singaporean artist Ong Kim Seng, as shown on Lee Wei Ling's Facebook page. Image / Facebook A portrait of the Lee family home by the Singaporean artist Ong Kim Seng, as shown on Lee Wei Ling's Facebook page. Image / Facebook
Lee Hsien Yang meanwhile told the Financial Times newspaper they had not decided where to move to.
"I have a long record of public service. It is heart-wrenching for me to leave this country. It's not something I would do lightly, if I didn't have reasons to do it," they said.
Premier Lee has previously said they had "recused themselves from all government decisions" involving the house, and personally wanted their father's wishes to be honoured. In a statement, the Government reiterated this point.
Lee, who won a crushing election victory in a 2015 general election held months after their father's death, is seen by observers as widely popular because of their convivial nature and extensive use of social media. The ruling People's Action Party holds 83 out of 89 parliamentary seats.
In their statement, Lee said "I will do my utmost to continue to do right by my parents."
"At the same time, I will continue serving Singaporeans honestly and to the best of my ability. In particular that means upholding meritocracy, which is a fundamental value of our society."
- South China Morning Post
The F-35B's short-takeoff and vertical lift capability means that it could take off from carriers without the ski-jump. The ski-jump, though, allows the aircraft to enter the sky with a carrying greater weapons payload to strike more targets and more engine fuel to sustain longer operations.
The above video shows an F-35B armed with a full set of anti-air and anti-ground weapons take-off from a ski ramp for the first time ever, IHS Jane's reported on Sunday. The trial flight took place in early August at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland.
The F-35 joint strike fighter includes a host of extra hidden costs “buried in defense contracts” that render each UK-purchased F-35 almost twice as expensive as the sticker price, F-16 aircraft engineer Pierre Sprey told Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear in July.
The ski-jump launch system will be used on the HMS Queen Elizabeth, the HMS Prince of Wales (currently under construction) and perhaps aboard Italian carriers for F-35-specific operations, the Jane's report added. The Queen Elizabeth is slated to arrive back at Them Majesty's Naval Base Portsmouth as soon as this week after undergoing sea trials.
© UK Defence Journal/YouTube (screengrab)
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
HONG KONG (Reuters Breakingviews) - MSCI may get lucky in China this time around. The U.S. index provider has slashed the number of mainland tickers it wants added to equity benchmarks tracked by $1.6 trillion in assets. This face-saving compromise is likely to overcome asset managers' reluctance to include onshore Chinese stocks after three previous failed attempts. But the new approach is so conservative that the resulting funds flows into China will resemble a rounding error.
Foreign asset managers have long been torn about incorporating mainland-listed company shares into indexes tracked by passive funds. At present the benchmarks only include Hong Kong-listed shares, shares of Chinese companies listed abroad, and a tiny amount of hard-currency denominated "B-shares" that are technically listed in China. While many global investors want more direct exposure to the world's second-largest stock market, concerns about investment hurdles in China – particularly investment quota schemes and curbs on the repatriation of profits - have stifled three previous inclusion attempts. This has put MSCI in the uncomfortable position of having to give a public thumbs-down to Beijing's progress on stock market reform.
Graphic: MSCI tinkers with key benchmark: reut.rs/2oOKG9U
To solve the impasse, MSCI is now proposing to add only 169 Chinese yuan-denominated "A-shares" to its indexes, down from the previous list of 448 names. What remains are all large caps that are tradable via an existing channel between Hong Kong and mainland stock markets that allows investors to trade mainland shares without the complications of setting up shop on the mainland. Weeding out mid-caps and illiquid stocks may also alleviate worries about the trading suspensions and wild fluctuations that are common in China's retail-dominated exchanges.
But the compromise comes at the expense of market relevance. If the plan goes ahead, A share will make up only 0.5 percent of the popular MSCI Emerging Market Index, and even less for MSCI's global benchmark. Goldman Sachs estimates the changes would prompt investors to move an additional $7 billion into mainland shares - a drop in the ocean for a country with a combined $7 trillion of stock market capitalisation.
This baby-step approach may be necessary. But investors won't get much added exposure to China, and Beijing will still lack the long-term global institutional money it wants to make its market less volatile.
Tickets have gone on sale for numerous dates across the region in which actor Joanna Lumley talks about their career.
Them first ever live tour, It's All About Me begins in the autumn next year with dates in Oxford (October 17), Cambridge (October 21), Coventry (November 1), Leicester (November 6), Northampton (November 9) and Aylesbury (November 10).
Joanna will take audiences through their hilarious and interesting adventures from their incredible career spanning more than four decades, recounting some never heard before stories. They will also be joined on stage by friend and producer Clive Tulloh, who will put to Joanna questions from the audience that they've always wanted to ask, making the show a unique and hilarious night to remember.
On announcing It's All About Me, Joanna said: "The thought of this tour next year, travelling across the British Isles and Ireland, has completely taken over my waking hours. It's utterly thrilling to start planning the stories I can tell, and the rapture (and gratitude, to be fair) with which I shall greet the audiences. Nothing like this has come my way before, and I may have to be dragged off with a hook at the end of each show. Oh people! This is especially for you from me, with masses of love. I think it will be fabulous."
Joanna Lumley icon, national treasure, activist, comedy actor and all-round top girl is barely off our TV screens and appears to have been a permanent fixture in our sitting rooms since they burst onto our screens as Purdey in the New Avengers in 1976. Now in a nationwide tour they will take us through the random journey that started in London in the swinging 60's. Beginning as Jean Muir's house model and muse, progressing to becoming a full-blown photographic model, featuring in knitting patterns, mini-skirts, toothpaste commercials and the occasional front cover.
From there Joanna will share their stories of their acting career that includes Coronation Street, On the Buses and as a brainwashed Bond Girl in Blofeld's lair in On Them Majesty's Secret Service.
Joanna's breakthrough role was as Purdey, a part for which over 800 girls auditioned. Purdey propelled them to instant fame and created one of the "must-have" hairstyles of the 1970s - the Purdey bob. They became a pin-up figure for a generation of British males who grew up watching them as the high-kicking action girl.
Alongside iconic hairstyles Joanna started to develop a nice side line as adventurer and activist; popping up all over the globe they were often seen gasping at the Northern Lights, turning their bra into espadrilles and finding the source of the Nile.
Then as Patsy Stone in Absolutely Fabulous they became a degenerate role-model for a generation. Winning two BAFTAs, Joanna emerged as one of the best comedy actores of their generation. For 25 years the adventures of Patsy and Edina have sporadically lurched across our screens culminating in AbFab The http://www.royalandderngate.co.ukMovie in 2016.
This intimate night with Joanna tells some of these tales and more as we gallop through almost 50 years in this business we call show.
Tickets forhttp://www.atgtickets.co.uk/aylesbury the Oxford date can be bought by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/oxford, for the Cambridge date visit www.cambridgelivetrust.co.uk/cornex and for the Coventry date head to www.warwickartscentre.co.uk. For the Leicester date, log on to www.demontforthall.co.uk, for tickets for the Northampton show, visit www.royalandderngate.co.uk and for the Aylesbury show visit www.atgtickets.co.uk/aylesbury
* Graphic of official naira rate bit.ly/2pFO2NW (Adds analysts comment)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 20 Nigeria's naira shot firmer on the country's black market on Thursday as traders prepared for the central bank to increase the dollar supply to exchange bureaux to keep the official retail rate higher.
The black market rate strengthened 2.6 percent to 385 naira to the dollar.
The central bank plans to sell $20,000 each to bureaux de change operators on Thursday, the operators' association president, Aminu Gwadabe, told Reuters. It sold $20,000 each earlier this week to boost liquidity.
The bank has sold around $4 billion since it started its aggressive intervention on the currency market in February, analysts say, doubting whether it could sustain the trend.
"Until we see a freely traded naira a la Egypt, Nigeria is fighting with one hand tied behind its back," said Aly-Khan Satchu, head of Nairobi-based Rich Management.
The central bank, opposed to a naira float, has been intervening on the official market to try to narrow the currency's spread with the black market rate. On the official market, the currency was quoted at 306 per dollar.
The spread has become far narrower thanks to central bank intervention. It was 520 to the dollar on the black market in February after the bank devalued the naira for retail customers to 375.
February's move effectively created multiple exchange rates, including official, black market and one to pay for foreign school fees.
Finance Minister Kemi Adeosun said liquidity was improving on the currency markets on dollar injection, thanks to rising oil prices, adding that government was harmonising fiscal, monetary and trade policies to boost growth.
"Higher oil prices alone are insufficient to explain the central bank's aggressive interventions over the past few weeks and (oil) production seems to have ramped up slowly over the first quarter of this year," said Cobus de Hart, senior economist at NKC in Johannesburg.
"Whether the central bank used funding such as external debt related inflows to intervene in the forex market remains to be seen, but in general we are not convinced that the regulator will be able to sustain this trend indefinitely."
Nigeria has raised a total of $1.5 billion in Eurobonds in the first quarter of this year.
Gwadabe said the increase in currency sales to exchange bureaux would help take out pressure from the black market, adding that some importers were no longer bringing forward dollar demand as liquidity continues to improve.
On Tuesday, the bank cut the amount of paperwork small and medium-size businesses must provide to buy dollars, also among to improve liquidity and attract them away from the black market.
(Additional reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
It's a common cliche to say "You can't talk to refugees about sex." Nicole Ziwitza, head of AIDS counseling in Central Franconia, has had a different experience. For 17 years they have been doing AIDS counseling in Nuremberg. For the last three years, they have been going to refugee reception facilities, with the support of the German AIDS Foundation for HIV prevention.
Once a month, they go to the central initial admission facility in Zirndorf, near Nuremberg. Ziwitza and the interpreters from the AIDS counseling center in Central Franconia directly approach asylum seekers at the facility and invite them to the cafeteria.
Informing people about HIV prevention in Zirndorf is different from in schools or cultural facilities. They do not bring a dildo or a projector. There is also no teacher to give lectures. The asylum seekers discuss this sensitive topic among themselves, so to speak — moderated by volunteer interpreters from the AIDS counseling service, who were, or are, refugees themselves.
Read more: Berlin fights against AIDS
‘It was all new to me'
Moustafa Mohamad is one of them. The 29-year-old fled Syria and came to Germany two-and-a-half years ago, and spent almost two months in Zirndorf. As a recognized refugee, they talk to their compatriots in Zirndorf about AIDS and other issues.
Moustafa Mohamad from Kobane: "Sometimes we're just handing out the brochures."
"I was given HIV education when I arrived, too. Everything was new to me," recalls Moustafa Mohamad. "I knew there was an immunodeficiency disease, but I didn't know how you could get infected with HIV."
Three Syrian men sit at a table with Moustafa Mohamad. When they take out their folder with information sheets showing the deadly viruses, as well as condoms, drawn as comic cartoons, one man stands up. They shake their head and leaves the cafeteria without saying anything.
AIDS in the Middle East — an unfamiliar topic
The other two men remain seated. "It is sometimes difficult to convince Syrian refugees that HIV education is important — for example now," admits Mohamad. "I just said we're from the AIDS counseling, but that man won't talk to us."
Their compatriot, Mohamed Abid, who has remained seated and is interested in the information, agrees with him. "Many people think AIDS is not an issue in the Middle East because premarital relations are not allowed," they say. "But that's not true. It happens, but it's all done in secret."
Refugees in Zirndorf checking out the brochures about AIDS and protection against HIV
Meanwhile, there is a good atmosphere at the next table. The 21-year-old interpreter from Iran, Ahmad Amini, unpacks condoms and puts them on the table. There is laughter. After some initial hesitation, everyone takes some. Ahmad Amini's puts more out. They also fled to Germany a few years ago. As the child of Afghan parents in Iran, they were considered stateless.
Eleven asylum seekers from Iran sit at a table with Ahmad Amini and the discussion is lively. Fragments of words such as "HIV" and "sex" permeate the flow of Farsi. "There are AIDS patients in Iran, but the subject is not mentioned," says refugee, Milad Salamat. "But for us, this is not a culture shock, we like to talk about reality."
When Ahmad Amini talks about the different therapies available to AIDS patients in Germany, there is a short silence at the table. "We knew nothing about the drug cocktails that can be used for treatment," says Milad Salamat.
Read more: Researchers develop reliable, needle-free HIV test
HIV as a reason for escape
But other asylum seekers have heard about this treatment. The hope of receiving the right medical treatment can also be a reason for escape. "There are people who already know that they are infected with HIV and who are not given medication in their countries of origin," confirms Ziwitza.
Nicole Ziwitza from AIDS counseling: "We do not force anyone."
Bavaria is the only state to have all newly arrived refugees tested for HIV. The controversial health check has, for some, proven to be a stroke of luck. The diagnosis opens up hope for lifesaving treatment in this country.
However, statistics from the medical check-ups in Central Franconia shows that the many newly arrived refugees have not increased the number of HIV infections. In 2014 there were 93 new infections in the region, 101 cases in 2015 and a total of 84 diagnoses in 2016. By comparison, new infections at a national level have remained constant for years at around 3,500 cases.
Religious barriers
The brief meeting between asylum seekers and now recognized refugees, who work as interpreters, makes it clear that there is divided interest in HIV education, but it does not fail because of language communication. Worlds can also collide at a small table with Syrian refugees in the cafeteria in Zirndorf.
In addition to brochures, condoms are also being handed out to refugees
"This definitely has something to do with the level of education and a person's mentality," Moustafa Mohamad believes. It is more difficult to speak about this topic with devout refugees, "who always want to go to the mosque." "I am a Kurd. Religion is not so important to Syrians, at least to the ones I know," they add.
Nicole Ziwitza is also sometimes confronted with people's reservations. For example, if community shelters offer HIV prevention courses, the counselors are often waved away. The attitude is that HIV prevention is unnecessary.
Ziwitza takes it all in their stride. "The training courses are voluntary. We're not forcing anyone to come. Many Germans say, ‘Oh no! Sex, you can't talk to people about sex.'" The refugees themselves, Ziwitza adds, rarely have this attitude.
Read more: New virus strain behind HIV explosion in the Philippines
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BASWARE OYJ:
* Q4 NET SALES EUR ‍39​.7 MILLION VERSUS EUR 40.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* ‍KEY STRATEGIC PRIORITY FOR STRATEGY PERIOD 2017-2020 IS CLOUD REVENUE GROWTH.​
* Q4 ADJUSTED EBITDA EUR 1 372 THOUSAND (EUR 3 660 THOUSAND)
* ‍FOR 2018 BASWARE EXPECTS CLOUD REVENUES TO BE BETWEEN EUR 90 AND 95 MILLION​
* ‍FOR 2018 EXPECTS TOTAL COSTS EXCLUDING AMORTIZATION, DEPRECIATION AND ADJUSTMENTS TO EBITDA TO BE SLIGHTLY ABOVE 2017 LEVELS​
* ‍PROPOSES TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THAT NO DIVIDEND BE PAID FOR 2017.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Britain Football Soccer - Reading v Wigan Athletic - Sky Bet Championship - The Madejski Stadium - 29/4/17 Wigan fans looks dejected after being relegated Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Adam Holt Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Reading v Wigan Athletic - Sky Bet Championship - The Madejski Stadium - 29/4/17 Wigan fans looks dejected after being relegated Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Adam Holt Livepic
Britain Football Soccer - Reading v Wigan Athletic - Sky Bet Championship - The Madejski Stadium - 29/4/17 Reading's Yann Kermorgant has their shot blocked by Wigan Athletics Dan Burn Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Adam Holt Livepic
MANCHESTER, England Sheffield Wednesday and Reading secured places in the Championship promotion play-offs on Saturday while at the bottom Wigan Athletic were relegated back to League One.
Promoted Brighton missed out on a chance to secure the title, losing 1-0 at home to Bristol City to a goal, two minutes before the break, from Josh Brownhill.
The loss leaves Brighton a point ahead of Newcastle, also promoted, with the final round of games next weekend.
Wednesday's sixth straight win came with a 1-0 victory at Ipswich, thanks to a Kieran Lee goal, and means they cannot be caught by seventh-placed Leeds United.
Third-placed Reading will also be involved in the four-team battle for a place in the Premier League after they beat Wigan 1-0, through an early header from top scorer Yann Kermorgant.
That result meant an immediate return to the third tier for Wigan who join Rotherham United in being relegated to League One next season.
Huddersfield, who had already made sure of their place in the playoffs, fell to a 2-0 loss at lowly Birmingham City, who enjoyed their first win under new manager Harry Redknapp.
Birmingham is now two points ahead of Nottingham Forest and Blackburn Rovers, who both have 48 points and are scrapping to escape the final relegation place.
Rovers kept alive their hopes with a Danny Graham goal, which gave them a 1-0 win at home to Aston Villa, while Forest fell to a 2-0 defeat away to Queens Park Rangers.
In next week's final round of games Forest is at home to Ipswich while Blackburn are away at Brentford.
Leeds United's hopes of making the playoffs virtually vanished, despite coming back from 3-0 down to draw 3-3 at Norwich, leaving Fulham, who drew 1-1 at Brentford, three points ahead of them with a 13-goal advantage.
(Reporting by Simon Evans,; Editing by Neville Dalton and Clare Fallon)
April 12 Capital Power Corp:
* Capital Power announces acquisition of Decatur Energy Center and a $183 million subscription receipt offering
* Capital Power is reaffirming its 2017 AFFO guidance of $320 million to $365 million
* Capital Power Corp -deal for U.S. $441 million
* Capital Power Corp - to acquire Decatur Power Holdings LLC, which owns Decatur Energy Center from an affiliate of LS Power Equity Partners III
* Capital Power Corp - acquisition will be financed by net proceeds raised through subscription receipt offering
* Acquisition further supports company's 7pct annual dividend growth guidance for 2017 and 2018
* Capital Power - acquisition is expected to increase adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) by an estimated $43 million in first full year of operations
* Capital Power Corp - acquisition is expected be accretive by 18 cents per share reflecting a 6pct increase over first full year of operations
* Capital Power Corp - acquisition is expected to be neutral to earnings per share
* Capital Power - balance of acquisition to be financed through debt using temporary expansion of co's bank facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After a weekend off the Pulpmx Show presented by BTOSports.com and Fly Racing comes back with all the coverage from a crazy day at Unadilla. Host Steve Matthes will welcome back Kris Keefer after a long absence to recap their Loretta Lynn's experience, cover Unadilla, some test rides he's done, and more.
Honda HRC's Cole Seely had a very eventful Unadilla with a pair of great rides giving them a podium on the day and was also named to Team USA for the upcoming Motocross of Nations. We'll talk to Seely about that and more.
The EnduroCross series kicks off this weekend in Las Vegas and we're excited to be partnering with them to help them promote it and we're also sending friend of the show Alex Ray up to try and get the MX bounty this weekend. We'll have Ray on to talk about the challenge of riding the EnduroCross and see if he's ready!
Exciting news for Canadian MX as Jet Werx Promotions introduced Rockstar Energy as a title sponsor for their 2018 series that includes indoor and outdoor events. It's a massive change up there and we'll have Ryan Gauld of Guaranteedmx.com on the show to recap what's happened up there today and what's next for the series.
We'll also have Jason Thomas from Fly Racing on at some point to offer up their analysis, waffle a bit, and make us laugh.
Got a question for the show? Tweet @pulpmxshow and our guy Travis will do their best to get it answered on the BTOSports.com Tweet at Travis segment.
We'll also answer the N-Fab Question of the Day as well as read off some Race Tech emails. Our hosts will be under the gun with the EKS Brand Goggles Tear Off segment. The Gear Alloy Cold Call is always fun also right?
What you'll want to do is log-in to Pulpmxshow.com at 6:00 p.m. PST/9:00 p.m. EST and we'll be streaming live and hosting a chat room. As usual, you can call in at anytime during the show to talk to the guest or the hosts at 702-586-PULP (7857).
You can listen live on your smartphone with the Tune In App by searching Pulpmx Show and listen live on the Pulpmx App as well.
You can listen to the show the next day on Stitcher.com as well as the Pulpmx App on your smartphone or iTunes for download. It will also be available the next day on Pulpmxshow.com.
Thanks to our sponsor BTOSports.com. BTOSports.com is your #1 source for motocross gear and accessories with Free Shipping WORLDWIDE. BTO Sports is your number one source for all of your motocross parts, gear, accessories and apparel. BTOSports.com is a motocross company who is truly dedicated to the sport.
The PulpMX Show is also presented by Fly Racing. Fly Racing is the industry standard for motocross and off-road gear, as well as our hard parts and accessories. Also Fly Racing and parent company Western Power Sports are now a premier-level partner for the Lucas Oils Pro Motocross Championship. These are just a few ways that Fly Racing is becoming more and more involved in the sport that we all love. Check out what Fly Racing has been up to at their website FlyRacing.com and on social media @flyracingusa.
The Pulpmx show is also brought to you by X-Brand Goggles, Race Tech Suspension, Pivot Works, Vortex Racing, Gear Alloy, Roost MX Graphics, FMF Racing, Atlas Neck Braces, N-FAB Jeep and Truck Parts, Michelin StarCross 5, Works Connection, DUBYA Wheels, 2UNDR, EK Chains, Ride Engineering, Grant Stone Boots, and Guts Racing.
Welcome to today's Birmingham City live blog for Monday, August 14.
It's transfer season.
Birmingham is intent on stepping up the Harry Redknapp revolution this summer.
Redknapp has already snapped up David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh Ndoye.
He's keen on adding a number of further arrivals, too, with a number of players targeted in the aim of improving their side.
Redknapp is still in the hunt for new options to their forward line ahead of Tuesday's clash at home to Bolton Wanderers, but can be encouraged by their side's 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Will today be the day the latest signing is confirmed?
The Birmingham Mail's live BCFC blog will bring you updates on all the Blues news and rumours as they happen - so stay tuned!
UPDATE 1-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
DUBAI, April 5 Emirates airline said on Wednesday it would start lending first and business class passengers tablets in response to the U.S. ban on most personal electronic devices from passenger cabins of United States-bound flights.
On March 25 the U.S. banned electronic devices larger than a mobile phone from cabins on direct flights to the United States from 10 airports in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey, including the United Arab Emirates.
Emirates is introducing the service to mitigate the inconvenience of the ban on passengers, the Middle East airline said in a statement. The service started on Wednesday.
The decision follows similar measures introduced last week by Qatar Airways and Etihad Airways, which are also affected by the ban.
The restrictions, prompted by reports that militant groups want to smuggle explosive devices in electronic gadgets, state that electronics larger than a mobile phone - including laptops and tablets - must be stowed with checked baggage on U.S.-bound passenger flights.
Industry experts have warned the ban could push premium business and first class travellers to carriers not affected by the ban.
Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways are also allowing passengers to hand over their personal devices immediately before boarding. (Reporting by Alexander Cornwell)
Orange Egypt announced that it appealed the verdict issued against it on Saturday to pay a financial compensation worth EGP 49m to Telecom Egypt (TE) for the losses resulting from rerouting international calls.
In its press release, Orange said that it is certain of the integrity of its legal situation and will take all necessary measures to appeal the ruling. “The company stresses its respect and confidence in the provisions of the Egyptian judiciary,” the release said.
The Cairo Economic Court has issued a verdict on Saturday in case No. 204 of 2012 in economic misdemeanours for rerouting international calls, and referred to the lawsuit filed by TE against Orange Egypt to request a compensation for the value of the losses it suffered due to passing international calls.
The Cairo Economic Court has compelled Orange to pay all the amounts required by TE. It is a financial and moral compensation worth EGP 49m.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) — Influential business leaders called Wednesday for early elections to resolve weeks of deadly unrest and a political standoff between President Daniel Ortega's government and protesters demanding their exit from office.
Carlos Pellas Chamorro, the country's most prominent business person and believed to be the Central American nation's first billionaire, said in an interview with La Prensa newspaper that the Ortega government's political model is "worn out." They called for the election of a new government through "a free and transparent process."
"We must find an orderly solution, within the constitutional framework," Pellas added, "which implies reforms that entail moving up the elections" that right now are due to take place in 2021.
Pellas urged the immediate resignation of the entire electoral council, which has been accused of manipulating things to allow Ortega to consolidate power during their last 11 years in office.
Advertisement
There was no immediate reaction from Ortega's government.
Ortega most recently won re-election in November 2016, when opposition leaders had called for a boycott, accused the president of rigging things in their favor and accused them of dynastic ambitions for picking first lady Rosario Murillo as their vice presidential running mate.
Grupo Lafise Bancocentro, one of the largest conglomerates in Nicaragua, also called for the next presidential vote to be moved up.
"Let it be the will of the people through early elections that establishes justice, democracy and freedom in our country," read the statement signed by the group's president, Roberto Zamora.
Protests that began in April over now-scrapped social security changes have since expanded into a broader movement seeking Ortega's exit.
Human rights observers say more than 80 people have been killed amid a harsh crackdown by government security forces and allied civilian groups, along with nearly 900 wounded and over 400 arrested.
Amnesty International issued a report this week accusing authorities of a strategy of repression characterized by the excessive use of force, extrajudicial executions, control of the media and the use of para-political groups to quash protests.
On Wednesday, which was Mothers' Day in Nicaragua, mothers of the victims had organized a protest march along main streets in the capital, Managua.
Talks sponsored by the Roman Catholic Church on ending the crisis were suspended indefinitely last week due to a lack of progress.
Pellas, whose fortune is estimated to be over $1.1 billion, is president of Grupo Pellas and has interests in sugar, automobiles, liquor, banking, health care and media, among other sectors.
FILE PHOTO: South African Rand coins are seen in this photo illustration taken September 9, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings/File Photo
LONDON If South Africa loses two of its prized investment grade credit ratings for foreign and local currency borrowing in the turmoil triggered by the sacking of the finance minister, the country could lose more than $10 billion in investment funds.
S&P Global has already struck. In an unscheduled review on Monday that prompted a selloff in South African assets, it cut the sovereign rating for external debt to BB+, one notch below investment grade - or "junk" status in market parlance.
It cited the impact of the divisions in government that led to Pravin Gordhan's removal.
Moody's later placed South Africa on review for downgrade. A third major international ratings firm Fitch warned that President Jacob Zuma's shake-up intensified political risk and signalled policy changes that could undermine its credit score.
Being downgraded to junk by at least two agencies will see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes that rely on investment grades only and force international funds who track these or who are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell.
"The problem has just started in South Africa - there was a lot of complacency on the ratings shift," said Salman Ahmed, chief global strategist at Lombard Odier.
The prospect of such a demotion is more imminent for hard currency debt, where Fitch's standing rating is just one notch above junk. The Moody's rating is two rungs above.
But a bigger impact on the country's access to funds could come if two of the three agencies also denominate the rand-denominated government debt as sub-investment grade. S&P's local currency rating is just one level above junk as well, with Moody's two notches above.
So far, only one of the six ratings - three for sovereign debt and three for local - from the major international ratings agencies has slipped into junk.
JPMorgan - which compiles some of the most widely used emerging market debt indexes - estimates that a junk rating for South Africa's mostly dollar-denominated foreign currency Eurobonds could see forced selling of up to $2.4 billion.
Roughly half the total would come from funds dedicated to investment grade emerging market debt, the other half from global investment grade bond funds, JPMorgan said, adding this was much less than the forced selling risk the bank had ascribed in recent years to Brazil at $6 billion or Turkey at $7 billion.
"The more modest figure for South Africa is explained by the smaller bond stock, and therefore smaller weights particularly in widely used global bond indexes, coupled with an underweight positioning by investors," the bank said.
LOCAL DANGER
Yet South Africa's outstanding $14.6 billion hard-currency debt is just a 10th of total public government debt, with local sovereign bonds tallying up to 1.722 trillion rand ($125 billion), according to data from the National Treasury.
For UBS, the real danger lies in local bond markets. In a note this week, UBS estimated some $10 billion of South African bond holdings are indexed to Citi's World Government Bond Index (WGBI), tracked by $3 trillion worldwide.
JPMorgan, which compiles the GBI-EM IG-only index, said it estimated that a downgrade of local currency debt could lead to total index-related selling of as much as $8.5 billion.
Inclusion in both indexes hinges on investment grade ratings on local debt from both Moody's and S&P Global. Whle a formal index exclusion could take up to a year, many funds would likely exit the debt in advance.
Partially offsetting that hit is the fact that countries which find themselves downgraded to junk - so-called "fallen angels" - often draw in a different investor base seeking higher yields and more speculative investments, said Nafez Zouk, senior economist at Oxford Economics.
In other words, these fallen credits become bigger fish in smaller ponds.
Some dedicated emerging market fund managers are waiting for those opportunities.
"(South Africa's) trajectory is quite negative and is likely to continue to be negative until we see renewal in South African politics which could be a few years from now," said Jan Dehn at emerging market fund manager Ashmore Investment Management.
"Even in a gradually deteriorating credit like South Africa, asset prices can move into oversold territory relative to the risk ... If prices fall enough that the credit has been oversold relative to how risky it is, then clearly that's a buying opportunity."
(Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in Moscow, Mfuneko Toyana in Johannesburg and Claire Milhench in London; Editing by Alison Williams)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Downtown Fort Myers is one step closer to bringing in what council members are calling one of the most important developments in the city's history.
City and county officials ceremoniously broke ground Friday morning on the highly anticipated Luminary Hotel, which will be located next to the Harborside Event Center.
"We've all been waiting for it for a long time. It'll be substantial," said Mayor Randy Henderson.
They said the project was in the planning stages for years, and that once completed it will bring a boost to downtown.
"Several hundred jobs, conventions, and business activity will drive patronage to restaurants and other vendors around City of Fort Myers, so it's a big deal," they said.
The 12-story hotel, developed by Mainsail Lodging and Development, will feature 243 rooms, restaurants, retail shops, and a rooftop bar.
"It's going to change the look and feel of downtown Fort Myers," said Joe Collier, president of Mainsail Lodging and Development.
Fort Myers resident Niki Luongo said she's excited about the amenities, and that the property will be a welcome addition to downtown.
"I think it's going to be a positive change to downtown, bringing more people and more places to go and places for people to stay," they said.
Construction is set to begin in November, and the Luminary Hotel is expected to open in late 2019.
"For us to finally be at the point where we're now getting ready to come out here and start putting some piles in the ground, and start getting the project going is very exciting. I think everybody in Fort Myers it's going to be really, really excited about this project," Collier said.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
Hutto will discuss the county's successes in several areas, including education, public safety, quality of life, economic development, finances, transportation and more.
During the past year, Hutto touted Wilson County Schools and its continued success with higher-than-average ACT scores and graduation rates.
Hutto has also highlighted the county's emergency response agencies' move toward co-location for dispatchers. The move will house all emergency and law enforcement agency dispatchers and call takers under one roof.
Hutto also recently highlighted the opened Wilson County Emergency Management Agency fire station on Greenvale Road in Statesville and the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency station on Cainsville Road in the Norene community.
They will also discuss the area's quality of life and attractions, which include the Music City Star, Wilson County James E. Ward Agricultural Center, Wilson County Fair, Wilson County Veteran's Plaza and Museum, along with several greenways and parks throughout the county.
“There's an opportunity for us to be the first county in the state that's linking two state parks together – Long Hunter and [Cedars of Lebanon],” said Hutto last year, who added the county would look to take advantage of a service trail no longer in use.
“We're going to try and see if we could convert that into a five-mile track that would connect those two parks, so people could get in and ride from one park to the other,” said Hutto, who added the county could also potentially use the trail for marathons and other events.
To RSVP for the event, call 615-444-5503 or email tonya@lebanonwilsonchamber.com.
Aim-listed BlueRock Diamonds has raised about £350 000 through the issue of 29.17-million ordinary shares at a price of 1.2p a share.
In addition to strengthening the balance sheet, the company will use the larger part of the proceeds to expedite the development of Pipe 1 at its Kareevlei mine, in the Northern Cape.
Advertisement
Pipe 1 is very similar in geology and size to Pipe 2, but has an inferred grade of 6.3 carats per hundred tonnes, 40% higher than the inferred grade of Pipe 2.
In March, the company announced its intention to open mining operations in Pipe 1 and to be mining kimberlite from Pipe 1 during the third quarter.
Advertisement
BlueRock is ahead of schedule in its development of Pipe 1, with 107 000 t of waste already mined, and the first kimberlite blast expected in the next three to four weeks.
The company has now implemented the changes to the crushing circuit envisaged at the time of its last fund raising and is now averaging around 1 350 t/d. The final changes to the crushing plant will be completed in June and the company expects daily volumes to increase further.
“We are pleased that the changes to our crushing circuit have achieved the desired result but we continue to seek ways of increasing production levels further,” CEO Adam Waugh said in a statement on Thursday.
The company's guidance for the year remains unchanged.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Jo Clifton won the show and has been receiving rave reviews for their musical theatre performances, but you might be surprised to hear what has been the biggest difficulty in appearing in Flashdance.
Jo said: “The challenge is actually riding a bike which I do in the show. It is learning to turn round corners.
“I also did have a phobia of water a long time ago and now I get covered in lots of water. I had hypnotherapy to get over it but that was a long time before Flashdance.”
Flashdance can be seen at Milton Keynes from Monday to Saturday, July 16 to 21.
Flashdance - The Musical tells the inspiring and unforgettable story of 18-year-old Alex, a welder by day and flashdancer by night, who dreams of going to the prestigious Shipley Dance Academy and becoming a professional dancer. When a romance complicates their ambitions, they harness it to drive them dream.
Jo said: “I was very lucky in that the producers saw me in Thoroughly Modern Millie and asked me to come in and audition for Flashdance and was lucky enough to get the part.
“I think when you look at dancing films, and obviously I come from a dancing family, Flashdance is one of the big iconic films so it is a dream come true to be playing this part.”
However, unlike many actors who perhaps wouldn't see their predecessors playing the role, Jo decided to rewatch the film.
Jo said: “I watched it once to get the general gist of whom the character was and what they did. But from there I put my own stamp onto any character that I am playing. I am not going to be like Jennifer Beals in Flashdance in the same way that I wouldn't be like Julie Andrews when I did Thoroughly Modern Millie.”
While they might be primarily known for being a dancer, they do have a background of musical theatre.
Jo said: “I did always have a desire to go into musical theatre and it was something I loved. I did Showboat with the local amateur operatic society back home in Grimsby.
“But after that, I went to Italy to progress my dance career and it went from there. But I went off to acting and singing lessons while I was dancing professionally.
“I think that I will be doing musical theatre now. I'm 34, it's times to move on to a different phase of my career.”
Although they have moved on, they were happy to chat about their time working on Strictly on the main series with two very different celebrities in Scott Mills and Ore Oduba, who they went on to win the glitterball trophy with.
Jo said: “The first thing I had to teach Scott was walking ahead with straight feet, but you have to embrace what you are given in the show and hence why I ended up dressing them as a giant crab.
“But I've worked with a few different people on the show and if there was someone who could do a bit more, you would push it.”
But did they expect to win the series with Ore?”
“Absolutely not,” said Jo. “I realised that we were in the final with Louise Redknapp and Danny Mac. Our attitude is that we were going to enjoy the final and have a good time, but it was wonderful to win the trophy.”
They star in Flashdance alongside former A1 star Ben Adams and Jo teased in the interview that they were working on something with them and to watch out for it very soon.
Tickets cost from £17 excluding booking fees. They can be booked by calling the box office on 0844 871 7652 or visit www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes
Any mechanism for dealing with the legacy of Troubles violence will have “major flaws” if the 47,000 injury cases are not reinvestigated along with the 1,700 fatalities being considered, Doug Beattie has said.
The UUP MLA was commenting after a government official confirmed that the new proposals being consulted on at present will focus only on deaths.
The public consultation on proposals for the creation of four new legacy bodies, including a Historical Investigations Unit (HIU), will run until September 10.
Addressing the NI Affairs Committee at Westminster, Chris Flatt of the NIO's legacy group confirmed that those injured during incidents which resulted in fatalities would be entitled to investigation reports as well as the families of the deceased. However, in response to a question from Labour MP Kate Hoey, they added: “It is the case that if we were to extend the work to include people who were injured were there wasn't a fatality, we would be talking about tens of thousands of investigations.”
Mr Beattie said: “Unfortunately, the response from the NIO official accompanying the secretary of state was less than impressive and did nothing to reduce concerns about the government's legacy proposals meeting the NIO's own tests of being balanced, proportionate, transparent, fair and equitable.”
Mr Beattie said their party has been “highlighting the major flaws” around the HIU proposal, and added: “The inescapable fact is that the vast majority of these 47,000 injuries were caused by terrorist action, not least by the 15,000 explosions that were exclusively the work of terrorists.
“To disregard those who were injured but not killed, is to remove a huge number of terrorist crimes from the entire legacy debate.”
April 5 Resources Connection Inc:
* Resources connection, inc. Reports fiscal 2017 third quarter results
* Q3 earnings per share $0.09
* Q3 revenue $143.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $145.9 million
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.14 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Resources Connection Inc - implemented three strategic initiatives, initiatives include reducing SG&A expenses by approximately $7.0 million per year
* Resources Connection-implementation of strategic initiatives to result in reduction in overhead expenses, head count; to be completed by end of Q4 2017
* Resources Connection-reducing SG&A expenses to result in charge of about $2.0-2.5 million in Q4 related primarily to severance expenses,office consolidations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) – A new lawsuit says Iowa's privately run Medicaid program is violating federal laws and a U.S. Supreme Court decision declaring that disabled Americans have a right to live as independently as possible.
The federal lawsuit filed Tuesday by six Iowans named Gov. Kim Reynolds and the state Department of Human Services director. It says the companies running Iowa's Medicaid program have “engaged in a pattern and practice” of cutting payments to care providers without regard to whether those cuts ultimately will reduce services that people with disabilities rely on.
Reynolds' spokesperson Brenna Smith says that the governor's office had not yet reviewed the lawsuit. A Human Services Department spokesperson declined to comment on the legal matter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A man charged with the sexual exploitation of a child, and who broke their bail conditions, has been granted bail again.
The man, who cannot be named, appeared at Letterkenny Circuit Court in Co Donegal on Tuesday as gardaí sought to have their bail revoked after they contacted the girl by Snapchat.
The accused had been ordered to sign on weekly for the past 20 weeks at a Garda station but had failed to do so on 13 occasions.
Gardaí also said the mother of the alleged victim had said they had been in contact with the girl and that the two had had sex on a number of occasions.
Judge John Aylmer asked gardaí if the man was considered a flight risk.
Gardaí revealed that about €20,000 in cash was found in the man's house and that they had another €20,000 in a bank account.
After some deliberation between the man's barrister, Peter Nolan, and state barrister Patricia McLaughlin, an agreement to new bail conditions was reached.
The court ordered that the man cease all contact with the alleged victim physically, by phone and by social media.
The man also agreed to move from their home area to Letterkenny, where they are to sign on four times each week and also provide gardaí with a mobile phone number.
The man agreed and was warned that any breach of these conditions would result in the man's bail being revoked.
Artist and intuitive Mel Shapcott launches a years-long collection of art and writing in a deck to provide a tool for those needing a light in the dark.
Contact
Mel Shapcott
***@akashicoracle.com Mel Shapcott
End
-- Within a few short weeks The Akashic Oracle deck by Mel Shapcott will be ready to ship. Funders who support the project through their Indiegogo campaign will be helping to bring this vision to reality and will be among the very first to receive a hard copy of this unique deck.You can fund this campaign and receive a copy of their deck by visiting Indiegogo at the link below.Mel Shapcott, Creator of The Akashic Oracle, draws on ancient wisdom sourced from deep within. At an early age they began using their sixth sense to comprehend and navigate the world around her, and over time has cultivated this gift as a tool for healing. Through their lifelong battle with depression they gained a first-hand understanding of how to thrive despite the most difficult circumstances.Before The Akashic Oracle was even the seed of an idea, Mel Shapcott began using affirmations to support them healing. The affirmations turned into artwork as they repeated the words over and over while painting. Taking their paints wherever they went, they completed the artwork as part of their daily support practice. This collection of artwork is now The Akashic Oracle.As an artist, their visionary work provides an outlet for powerful knowledge embedded in genetic and cellular memory. Each image is captured without thought or analysis in a pure stream from the invisible realm.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Kast construction team member brings marketing and community relations experience to Tampa's Children's Cancer Center, an important community resource for children with cancer
KAST Headshot Ashlee Figg reduced size
Contact
Mickey Liera
Ashlee Figg
***@unitedlandmark.com Mickey LieraAshlee Figg
End
-- Ashlee Figg, KAST Construction Tampa division director of business development, has been appointed to the board of the Tampa Children's Cancer Center. Figg has played an important role in Kast Construction's $600 million business development growth throughout central and southwest Florida and oversees the sales process for Kast's new construction projects."We are proud to have Ashlee Figg represent our company's commitment to building strong community foundations. Them experience at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and in real estate marketing will be a valuable asset to the Cancer Center, a wonderful organization that provides much-needed support and resources for children and families who fight this disease," added Page McKee, vice president of the Tampa business unit for KAST.The Children's Cancer Center offers 24 programs for children and their families including educational, financial and emotional support. Kast has contributed to expand the Center's outdoor recreation area and support the Fuel for Families program that provides families assistance in the form of gas card and grocery store cards. For more information contact the Children's Cancer Center at (813) 367-5437 or childrenscancercenter.org, or contact Ashlee Figg at afigg@kastbuild.comKAST has completed construction of Water Club Snell Isle in St. Petersburg and is currently building ONE in downtown St. Petersburg, VUE Sarasota Bay and The Mark in Sarasota, and is constructing the Publix Channelside and apartment community in downtown Tampa. KAST's Tampa office is located at 4221 Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 730, Tampa.KAST Construction Company headquartered in West Palm Beach, Fla. KAST, was founded in 1998 and recently opened a second office in Tampa, Fla. KAST currently has annual revenue of approximately $600 million. The company offers a full spectrum of construction services including design-build, pre-construction and construction services.KAST continues to expand market sectors to include office and residential, high-rise, multifamily, retail, hospitality, senior living, educational facilities, municipal facilities, arts and science, healthcare and country clubs. For more information, visit www.KASTBuild.com # # #PHOTO CAPTION:KAST Director of Business Development Ashlee Figg Joins Board of Children's Cancer Center Tampa.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
ROME, March 31 The implementation of a proposed border tax under discussion in the United States would be a reason to file a complaint with the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the chief executive of Italian steel firm Marcegaglia said on Friday.
"A border tax would be a declaration of trade war that should be brought before the WTO, and when you start a war you don't know where you will end up," Emma Marcegaglia told reporters in Rome.
Marcegaglia said it was still possible that the proposal would not be carried out, and that the issue could be resolved through trans-Atlantic negotiations.
(Reporting by Antonella Cinelli, writing by Isla Binnie)
These are bleak times. But the kids? The kids are alright. Just take a look at the winners of a recent bike lane art contest, a competition that asked students, from grades pre-K to 12, to dream up fanciful, color-drenched cyclists.
From about 200 entries, winners were selected from four age categories, and the results are gosh-darned delightful, from a jetpack-wearing cyclist in outer space to a design incorporating Portland's (very well-designed) official flag. All have now been installed near libraries around town (the contest was organized by the Portland Bureau of Transportation and the Multnomah County Library, with support from Metro).
Portland's bike lane art, of course, isn't new: this city's bike lanes and neighborhood greenways boast David Bowie (below) and Prince and scuba divers and hobby horse riders. (The Burnside Bridge once had Dorothy, but she's been paved over—R.I.P.) Check out a few more faves in the slideshow above.
CUMBERLAND — In a world heading increasingly toward digital media, Prince Memorial Library is keeping pace by scanning several key local texts.
A link on the 266 Main St library's website, princememorial.lib.me.us/researcher, is a gateway to the online repository of information.
Digital collections of books and maps scanned in by the Cumberland library – town meeting records from the 1821 incorporation through 1952, as well as vital records, town census compilations, school yearbooks, planning documents and municipal meeting minutes – are among the many offerings that can be accessed from anywhere around the world, at no charge, through the link.
The service is available through the Maine State Library's Digital Maine network.
The project was conceived when library Director Thomas Bennett attended a workshop hosted by the Maine State Library in 2014.
“The Maine State Library is responsible for retaining government documents,” they said in an interview July 19. “They had an idea that, instead of trying to keep 20 paper copies of every government document that came out … they would do a digital initiative, have the different departments publish digitally and it goes up on Digital Maine.”
Doing so makes such documents much more accessible to the public, and easier to maintain in libraries growing increasingly cramped for space, Bennett said.
The state library opened the initiative to public libraries and historical societies around the state, and Prince Memorial has been scanning and posting items in the three years since.
Along with historic documents, Cumberland's online offerings include self-published books on various aspects of town history, such as “Early Days of the Cumberland Fire Department” by Kenneth Chase and “History of the Town of Cumberland, Maine” by Mary Sweetser.
“(For) anybody interested in Cumberland history, it's great stuff,” Bennett said.
Another resource is the town's online collection of planning documents, which can aid developers in learning the history of a given parcel.
“We now have like 500 engineering plans and other documents,” Bennett said.
Everything is searchable by keyword through the website, and through Google. Thanks to the library transcribing the texts of its historic documents, the contents as well as the titles and subjects can be found via search engine, saving researchers significant time in perusing page after page for what they need.
And with the state library's recent partnering with Digital Public Library of America, all the records are showing up there as well, and pointing back to Cumberland's repository.
“For us it's great, because we have some documents, some books that are fragile, we don't want them going out of the building,” Bennett said. “We can put them up here (online), and people can find them, make copies.”
The library's outreach efforts have paid off. According to a top 10 downloads listing at digitalmaine.com/topdownloads.html, “Vital Records of Cumberland Maine, 1701-1892),” compiled by Bennett, was in third place as of Monday with about 3,000 downloads, while minutes of the Town Council meeting of April 12, 1999, ranked 10th.
“It's really nice that we can do this, that we can get stuff out there,” Bennett said. “It takes the stress off of our collection, and gets our information out to a wider public.”
And if the original documents are ever destroyed, they would remain preserved digitally for perpetuity.
Cumberland records have been downloaded all over the world, including South Africa and Australia, according to Bennett's data.
Looking to the future, they said they want to scan and post more self-published works by local authors, to get them back into public consumption, without the cost of going back to a publisher.
“Let's get those up on (the web), so that their work can get out there,” Bennett said.
Alex Lear can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 113 or alear@theforecaster.net. Follow them on Twitter: @learics.
Thomas Bennett, director of Prince Memorial Library in Cumberland, shows a searchable catalog of local offerings available online, such as historic documents and books by town authors.
FRANKFURT/BERLIN SMA Solar (S92G.DE), the world's largest maker of solar inverters, agreed to sell its railway technology unit to China's Beijing Dinghan Technology 300011.SZ, shedding a non-core asset as pricing pressure in its main business intensifies.
SMA Solar said last year it saw strong interest from strategic investors for the unit, SMA Railway Technology, which makes power converters for long-distance railway traffic and employs 165 staff.
The sale will have a positive impact on earnings in the first quarter, SMA Solar said, predicting earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of 15 million to 18 million euros ($16-$19 million) on sales of 165 million to 175 million.
No financial details were disclosed.
SMA Solar, which is scheduled to hold its annual press conference on Thursday, warned in January of falling core earnings this year, pointing to high pricing pressure from Asian rivals that are flooding markets outside of China.
It confirmed sales would fall to between 830 million and 900 million euros, from 940 million in 2016, while EBITDA will decline to 70 million to 90 million, from more than 140 million last year.
Shares in the group were up 2.3 percent, among the biggest gainers in Frankfurt's technology index .TECDAX, which was 0.3 percent higher.
($1 = 0.9252 euros)
(Reporting by Christoph Steitz and Victoria Bryan; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips and Susan Thomas)
DAKAR, April 12 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A Scottish nurse who survived Ebola after working in Sierra Leone said on Wednesday that their return to the country to raise money for orphans and survivors would offer them some "closure".
Pauline Cafferkey, 39, contracted the virus in December 2014 when they were working in a treatment facility in Sierra Leone at the height of the epidemic which swept through West Africa.
Cafferkey, who now works as a nurse in Scotland, is returning to Sierra Leone next month, for the first time since contracting Ebola, to raise funds for the charity Street Child.
They told the BBC in an interview on Wednesday that it would be "psychologically important for me to go back".
"That's where things started for me and I've had a terrible couple of years since then, so it'd be good to go back and have things come full circle for me," they said in the interview.
"It'll be a little bit of closure, and I want to end it with something good, something positive."
The first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in Britain, Cafferkey suffered life-threatening complications from the deadly disease persisting in their brain, and has been admitted to hospital several times over fears of a recurrence.
They also faced disciplinary action over allegations they concealed their temperature on their return from Sierra Leone, but was cleared by a nursing watchdog last September.
Cafferkey said they wanted to return to Sierra Leone to raise money rather than do so at home because it was "more personal".
Some 12,000 children were orphaned in Sierra Leone by Ebola, 1,400 of whom need urgent support, according to Street Child.
Cafferkey will also meet some of the thousands of Ebola survivors in the country, many of whom are suffering stigma and health problems, and are struggling to access care, experts say.
"I had massive support from family and friends and could get medical and psychological support," they told the BBC.
"The Ebola patients in Sierra Leone didn't know what they were going home to, or who was left alive in their family. They might be going back to sheer hell."
The world's worst Ebola outbreak - which was declared over last year - killed more than 11,300 people and infected some 28,600 as it swept through Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea from 2013. (Writing by Kieran Guilbert, Editing by Katie Nguyen. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
The Community Environmental Council will celebrate the “eco-chic” party of the year at its Green Gala event at 6 p.m. Friday, Oct. 21.
The historic Santa Barbara Armory, 700 E. Canon Perdido St. in Santa Barbara, will be transformed into an exotic gypsy village, complete with fortune tellers and tarot card readers to foretell the future for CEC supporters and ignite a collective vision for the community.
“We invite community members who want to be part of the movement to transition our region away from fossil fuels through positive, clean energy solutions to join us in celebration at this year's Green Gala,” said Elizabeth Wagner, Community Environmental Council board member.
Guests will make their way into an exotic gypsy encampment featuring beautiful gypsy servers bearing organic wines and decadent specialty drinks and a locally-sourced dinner from famed Full of Life Flatbread. Tarot card readers will invite guests to help envision a clean energy future. After dinner (and the shortest live auction ever), the talented Tina Schlieske and the Graceland Exiles will rock the house under a fiery gypsy sky.
The live auction includes the opportunity to bid on an authentic gypsy caravan. The caravan is the perfect backyard retreat, with beautiful details inside and out. This real-life gypsy caravan can be used as a guest house, home office, romantic retreat or playhouse and was built using reclaimed wood, organic paint, repurposed fabrics and even a solar panel that provides electricity to power interior and exterior lights and computer energy needs.
Other items in the live auction includes a “staycation” at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Santa Barbara, a one-night stay at Ojai Valley Inn and Spa, a Full of Life Flatbread party for 10 guests, and custom-designed gypsy jewelry by Adesso.
The Green Gala is being coordinated by Merryl Brown Events for the third year in a row.
“We are proud to partner with Merryl Brown Events; the two previous Green Galas they produced have won prestigious national awards,” CEC Associate Director Sigrid Wright said.
For more than 40 years, the Community Environmental Council has been a local pioneer for a national movement — giving shape to the dream of a healthy, sane, safe future for the world. The CEC is dedicated to moving the Santa Barbara region away from fossil fuels in one generation. Such an ambitious mission requires friends with a passion for the environment and a desire to celebrate with abandon.
Proceeds from the 2011 Green Gala will go to the Community Environmental Council. Tickets to the cocktail attire event are $275 per person. To RSVP, contact Kathi King at 805.963.0583 x108 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
For more information about the CEC, click here, on Twitter @CECSB and on on Facebook.
— Marjorie Wass is a publicist representing the Community Environmental Council.
March 30 KBJ SA:
* Says signs deal with ALBIT Software - Arkadiusz Lućko (AL) and GNS Systemy Informatyczne - Norbert Gredka (GNS) to form Albit Software Sp. z o.o. (Albit)
* KBJ to acquire 60 percent stake in Albit
* AL and GNS to acquire 20 percent stake each in Albit Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Scoreboard at stumps on the second day in the second and final Test between New Zealand and West Indies on Sunday in Hamilton, New Zealand 1st innings (Overnight: 286-7) J. Raval c Dowrich b Gabriel 84 T. Latham c Dowrich b Cummins 22 K. Williamson c Dowrich b Cummins 43 R. Taylor c Dowrich b Roach 16 H. Nicholls lbw b Reifer 13 M. Santner b Gabriel 24 C. de Grandhomme b Gabriel 58 T. Blundell b Gabriel 28 N. Wagner c S. Hope b Roach 1 T. Southee c&b Roach 31 T. Boult not out 37 Extras (lb-1 nb-12 w-3) 16 Total (all out, 102.2 overs) 373 Fall of wickets: 1-65 T. Latham,2-154 K. Williamson,3-159 J. Raval,4-186 R. Taylor,5-189 H. Nicholls,6-265 M. Santner,7-275 C. de Grandhomme,8-286 N. Wagner,9-312 T. Blundell,10-373 T. Southee Bowling S. Gabriel 25 - 4 - 119 - 4(nb-7 w-1) K. Roach 23.2 - 8 - 58 - 3(nb-1) M. Cummins 20 - 4 - 57 - 2(nb-4 w-2) R. Chase 13 - 1 - 90 - 0 R. Reifer 17 - 8 - 36 - 1 K. Brathwaite 4 - 0 - 12 - 0 West Indies 1st innings K. Brathwaite c Southee b de Grandhomme 66 K. Powell c Blundell b Southee 0 S. Hetmyer c&b Boult 28 S. Hope c Taylor b Southee 15 R. Chase b de Grandhomme 12 S. Ambris hit wkt b Boult 2 S. Dowrich c&b Wagner 35 R. Reifer not out 22 K. Roach c Boult b Wagner 17 M. Cummins not out 10 Extras (b-1 w-7) 8 Total (for 8 wickets, 64 overs) 215 Fall of wickets: 1-5 K. Powell,2-46 S. Hetmyer,3-90 S. Hope,4-112 R. Chase,5-117 S. Ambris,6-135 K. Brathwaite,7-169 S. Dowrich,8-204 K. Roach To bat: S. Gabriel Bowling T. Southee 18 - 8 - 34 - 2(w-1) T. Boult 19 - 5 - 67 - 2(w-2) C. de Grandhomme 12 - 1 - 40 - 2 N. Wagner 15 - 2 - 73 - 2 Referees Umpire: Bruce Oxenford Umpire: Rod Tucker TV umpire: Ian Gould Match referee: Chris Broad
The logo of Amazon is seen at the company logistics center in Lauwin-Planque, northern France, February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
MILAN Milan tax police have told Amazon they believe the world's largest online retailer has evaded around 130 million euros ($142 million) of taxes in Italy, a source close to the matter said on Friday.
The allegedly unpaid taxes refer to the period between 2011 and 2015, when Amazon made revenues of around 2.5 billion euros in Italy, the source said.
The tax police's findings have been handed to Milan prosecutors, the source added.
Amazon issued a statement denying it had evaded any taxes, and said its profits in Italy, on which taxes are paid, had been low due to its considerable investments in the country.
(Reporting by Sara Rossi; Writing by Gavin Jones; Editing by Giselda Vagnoni and Mark Potter)
Crown Princess Victoria, Prince Daniel, Prince Carl Philip and princess Sofia at Stockholm City Hall for the official ceremony with a minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's terror attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Anders Wiklund via REUTERS
The Royal Family, Princess Sofia, Crown Princess Victoria,Prince Daniel, Queen Silvia and King Carl XVI Gustaf arriving at Stockholm City Hall for the official ceremony with one minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's terror attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Fredrik Sandberg via REUTERS
Politicians, the Royal Family, King Carl XVI Gustaf, Queen Silvia, Crown Princess Victoria, Prince Daniel, Prince Carl Philip and princess Sofia at Stockholm City Hall for the official ceremony with a minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's terror attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Anders Wiklund via REUTERS
The official ceremony at Stockholm City Hall with one minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017.TT NEWS AGENCY/Anders Wiklund via REUTERS
Prime Minister Stefan Lofven at Stockholm City Hall for the official ceremony with a minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Anders Wiklund via REUTERS
Prime Minister Stefan Lofven at Stockholm City Hall for the official ceremony with one minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Fredrik Sandberg via REUTERS
Flag at half mast at the official ceremony at Stockholm City Hall with one minute of silence at noon to remember the victims of Friday's terror attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Anders Wiklund via REUTERS
People observe a minute of silence at noon on Sergels Torg to remember the victims of Friday's attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Christine Olsson via REUTERS
People observe a minute of silence at the crash site at Ahlens department store to remember the victims of Friday's attack on Drottninggatan, Stockholm, Monday, April 10, 2017. TT NEWS AGENCY/Christine Olsson via REUTERS
STOCKHOLM Sweden's Prime Minister said on Monday the country would never yield to terrorism, as they led a minute's silence for those killed and injured when a truck driver mowed down pedestrians on a Stockholm shopping street.
Four people died and 15 were hurt in Friday's attack, the first of its kind in the country.
"We will never surrender to terror," Lofven said in their speech outside Stockholm's city hall, as flags flew at half mast across the capital and church bells chimed while shoppers and tourists thronged the city centre.
Lofven was flanked by the royal family dressed in black, government ministers, and members of the emergency services.
Police are holding a 39 year-old Uzbek man who they believe was the driver of the hijacked beer truck that crashed into a department store, leaving death in its wake.
The suspect had been denied permanent residency in Sweden and expressed sympathy for Islamic State.
The attack shattered any sense Swedes had of being insulated from the militant violence that has hit other parts of Europe, raising questions about whether - in a society that takes pride in tolerance and liberal values - the police and security services could have done more to prevent it.
"I am not afraid to go to the city. But you never know, you never know (what can happen)," said Sankar Ramasuppu, a bank worker living in Stockholm.
Many Swedes were back at work for the first time since the attack, while the department store into which the truck slammed had already reopened.
Standing outside the building with tears in their eyes Parima Khazai, who runs a skin therapy company in the city, recalled a lucky escape.
"I was supposed to be here at the time (of the attack) because I had to return something. But a friend wanted to take a coffee so that meant that both of us didn't end up here on the street," they said.
(Reporting by Simon Johnson, Anna Ringstrom, Johan Sennero, Olof Swahnberg and Philip O'Connor for Reuters TV; Editing by Niklas Pollard and John Stonestreet)
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
By Robyn Collins
Music legend Bob Dylan is being accused of stealing lines for their Nobel Prize Lecture from SparkNotes, an online version of CliffsNotes.
Related: Bob Dylan Finally Releases 2016 Nobel Prize Lecture
The similarities between the words Dylan used and some phrasing the SparkNotes entry for Moby Dick are uncanny, reports Slate.
And in their speech, Dylan quoted a Quaker priest who says, “Some men who receive injuries are led to God, others are led to bitterness.” The line isn't in any current version of the book, noted writer Ben Greenman.
But SparkNotes and Dylan do, indeed, seem to be on the same page. The online resource describes the preacher as “someone whose trials have led them toward God rather than bitterness.”
There were 19 other similar instances in Dylan's Nobel Prize speech, and in each, the key phrases aren't directly from Herman Melville's original text of Moby Dick, they're from SparkNotes.
Dylan has not responded to the accusation.
April 13 Shanghai Zendai Property Ltd :
* Zhang chenguang has resigned as an executive director, chairperson of board
* Wang hao has resigned as an executive director
* Qiu haibin has been appointed as an executive director, chairperson of board
* Zhang huagang has been appointed as an executive director
Source text (bit.ly/2p9HdH6)
Further company coverage:
The Catalan independence referendum that took place on October 1 has prompted serious tensions within Spain; according to Karel Vereycken, editor of Nouvelle Solidarite, vice president of the Solidarite & Progres political movement and former spokesperson of French presidential candidate Jacques Cheminade, Madrid has good reason to be in a “panic mode.”
“The Spanish National Bank in its September report said the Spanish state has injected 54.3 billion euros of public funds into the rotten banks. So far, only 3.8 billion has been reimbursed by the banks, while another 10 billion remain expected to flow back in the coffers of the state. However, this means Spanish taxpayers paid 40 billion euros to save fraudulent stealing banks in order to save the euro system!” Vereycken told Sputnik.
Under these circumstances the prospect that Catalonia, which accounted for 19 percent of Spain's gross domestic product (GDP) last year, would start harvesting its own taxes — as the Basks are already doing — is Madrid's nightmare, the French politician underscored.
The Spanish government refused to recognize the vote while police moved in to shut down polling stations, triggering violent clashes with protesters and voters on October 1. While the EU signaled its full support to Madrid, Catalonia's President Carles Puigdemont announced that the region would declare independence in the coming days.
‘Madrid Could Organize a Real Referendum for Catalans'
On October 6 Catalonian officials finally announced that 90.18 percent of Catalans (over 2 million people) voted in favor of independence from Spain.
However, according to Vereycken, the situation is not as clear as it seems: “There is no way to really know how many people voted and for what, since everything became a big happening,” they said, adding that “voter identities were not checked, schools were closed, people were voting in the streets” while some them didn't go to vote “out of fear.”
Commenting on ways to solve the Spanish political crisis they assumed that “Madrid could organize a real referendum in Catalonia in the presence of international observers.” They called attention to the fact that “it worked in Scotland, where the secessionists failed.”
“If the people of Catalonia decide otherwise, it should be a peaceful process, similar to the Czech Republic,” the politician explained, referring to the bloodless dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993.
‘The Breakdown of Nations': Leopold Kohr's Old Plan Taking Shape in Europe
Still, there is more to the Catalan independence vote than meets the eye, according to the French expert.
“Beyond the egos and schemes of some local politicians, the timing makes me believe this is a trial balloon of a new mode of chaos management organized from the top,” they said.
They referred to a book, namely “The Breakdown of Nations,” by economist, jurist and political scientist Leopold Kohr, Winston Churchill's protégé. In their research works Kohr championed the idea of fragmentizing European countries into small self-governed entities.
In their 1941 article “Disunion Now: A Plea for a Society based upon Small Autonomous Units” the economist insisted that Germany, France, Italy, Russia and other countries should be “cantonized.”
According to Vereycken, it appears that Kohr's plan is currently taking shape in Europe.
“For the hardcore Europeanists the large historical nation-states of Europe have to be broken up into smaller entities of about 5 to 8 million inhabitants in order to get the European population into accepting a EU empire-like supranational super state. That fits Catalonia, Flanders, Scotland, Lombardy, etc.,” they pointed out.
The French politician recalled that initially the plan for a Europe based on ethno-cultural-defined territories was voiced by Adolf Hitler. Surprisingly, the idea was picked up by Churchill and the British after WWII.
“They wanted to break the back of [French general and statesman] Charles de Gaulle who always opposed a federal Europe comprised of ‘regions' and defended a Europe ‘from the Atlantic to the Urals,' as an alliance and cooperation of sovereign nation-states,” Vereycken emphasized.
For their part, the British leaned toward the “divide and conquer” plan “to transform Europe into a buffer state they could manipulate in their great chess game of geopolitics against Russia and the rest of Eurasia.”
Rise of BRICS, China-Led New Silk Road Project Spell Trouble for Globalists
According to the politician, the rapid rise of the BRICS and the implementation of the China-led New Silk Road project prompted the global financial oligarchy “to do everything to destroy what is the main source of resistance to their globalist agenda: the nation-states.”
Vereycken cited the 2016 article published by the Spanish newspaper Lavanguardia, which drew attention to the fact that George Soros's Open Society Foundation was financing the Catalan secessionists.
“Madrid has shown a lot of interest in joining the New Silk Road and might be for that reason a target for destabilization,” they suggested.
Vereycken believes that Brussels is not that opposed to the idea of Spain's disintegration: It would be much easier for Eurocrats to manage small entities rather that big nation-states.
“If Catalonia left Spain, the EU establishment would undoubtedly, after a short screaming session, offer what it needs to survive: a market (the EU) and a currency (the euro),” they noted.
The French politician underscored that “the systematic weakening of the national borders and prerogatives by Brussels' bureaucracy has worked as an incentive for ‘state-less nations' to leave the national states.”
“Most European cities and megalopolises have already their own dirty secret deals with Brussels, outside any national framework,” they remarked.
Kohr's idea turned out to be contagious: “In 2004, another book, titled the Size of Nations, written by Alberto Alesina and Enrico Spolaore, also promoted the insane idea that economic integration under a single currency offers all the conditions for the breakup of nations,” Vereycken said.
The French politician warned that once this process “proves successful” in the EU, “it would of course be offered to China and the Russian Federation.”
© Sputnik/ Dmitry Vinogradov On September 25, Iraqi Kurdistan is set to hold a long-scheduled referendum on its independence from Baghdad.
Are Catalonia and Iraqi Kurdistan Pawns in a Geopolitical Game?
European secessionism is not a unique phenomenon: The same process could now be observed in the Middle East, where the Kurds are seeking to create sovereign entities in war-torn Syria and Iraq.
“[Iraqi] Kurdistan is a tragedy, a country and a people that have been endlessly manipulated in geopolitical games,” Vereycken noted commenting on the issue.
Citing the fact that Israel endorsed the Iraqi Kurds' independence referendum, which took place on September 25, just six days before the Catalan vote, the French expert assumed that “some folks in Tel Aviv, followers of the British geopolitical paradigm, prefer a ‘balkanized' Iraq and a ‘balkanized' Iran.“
“The global financial crash is on,” the politician pointed out, “Those on top want a new dark age of mutual slaughter and endless division.”
According to Vereycken, the alternative — including for Israel and Iraqi Kurdistan — “is to be part of a vast project of win-win mutual development as proposed by those, in Central Asia and China, promoting the One Belt One Road New Silk Road infrastructure connectivity.”
“‘If you want to get rich, build a road,' says the Chinese proverb,” the French politician concluded.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
© Sputnik/ Elena Shesternina
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Millions of pounds of unclaimed inheritance is waiting to be claimed from the government, with some of this owed to people in West Sussex.
Records released by the Treasury have shown there are 101 unclaimed assets connected to West Sussex – with some potentially worth a lot of money.
When someone dies with no will or no known family, their property passes to the Crown as ownerless property. This is called Bona Vacantia.
This can be any sort of property, including money, personal possessions and buildings, and can range from a small value to millions.
The latest release by the Treasury solicitor reveals there are 101 unclaimed assets connected to the county, although the details of the value of the property have not been released.
People can be entitled to the property if you can show proof of being a relative.
If someone dies without leaving a valid or effective will the following are entitled to the estate:
- husband, wife or civil partner
- children, grandchildren, great grandchildren and so on
- mother or father
- brothers or sisters who share both the same mother and father, or their children (nieces and nephews)
- half brothers or sisters or their children (nieces and nephews of the half blood or their children)
grandparents
- uncles and aunts or their children (first cousins or their descendants)
- half uncles and aunts or their children (first cousins of the half blood or their children)
If you find a name on this list and think you could be related you could be entitled to some money.
To register a claim for the property, send a family tree to the Bona Vacantia Division of the Government Legal Department.
This must show how you are related to the person who has died, and include the dates of birth, marriage and death of all those on the family tree.
If it appears you are entitled to claim the property, then you may be asked to prove your relation through birth certificates etc.
Here is a list of the people who have died and their date of birth who have connections to West Sussex If you recognise their name then you could be entitled to claim their property.
Chichester:
Dorothy Rita Adie - 13/03/1924
Ronald Harry Armitage - 26/03/1918
Irene Barta - 04/09/1903
Mary Raphaela Branford - 14/02/1920
Margaret Rose Brown - 08/11/1930
Stephen David Brown - 14/12/1962
Thomas Burke - 28/08/1931
Alice Dorothy Cockerill - 27/09/1903
Eleanor Davies - 15/06/1905
Bruno Gorsulowski - (D.O.B. unknown)
Marion Guilfoyle - 04/01/1904
Vivian Jarvis - 01/04/1942
Florence Lawrence - 24/05/1910
Hilda Elizabeth Mackie - (D.O.B. unknown)
Gwladys Eunice Mansell - 10/09/1903
George William Robertson Copland Samuel - (D.O.B unknown)
Georgina Margaret Scott - 31/12/1932
James Smith - 28/04/1948
Florence Annie Taylor - 28/04/1912
Crawley:
Terence Mary Kavanagh - (D.O.B. unknown)
Zbigniew Richard Kowal - 12/10/1956
Hilda Emily Webb - (D.O.B. unknown)
David Harold West - 10/01/1961
Doris Young - 20/06/1925
Haywards Heath:
Delores De Villiers - 12/10/1914
Ronald Dougal - 15/10/1944
Albert John Holland - 20/03/1929
Michael James Bono King - 03/12/1950
George Frederick Mace - 15/02/1905
Gordon Douglas Manning - 15/09/1919
Gwendoline Maxwell - 10/03/1899
Agnes Parsons - (D.O.B. unknown)
Oswald Warry - 04/12/1909
Horsham:
Owen Mejias Gordon - 27/05/1937
Mary Hall - 20/03/1940
Margaret Henderson - (D.O.B. unknown)
Alice May Jones - 27/08/1912
Stuart Knight - 29/11/1964
Luis Belardo Nunes Silvano - 31/12/1964
Anthony Vernon - 07/03/1920
Midhurst:
John Leonard Smith - 10/10/1935
Worthing:
Marie Bangerter - 05/04/1915
Constance Beard - 05/03/1916
Cecily Joyce Black - 18/04/1905
Gertroude Blake - 06/06/1924
Margaret Breese - 31/10/1903
Robert Chapman - 23/04/1907
Roland Cole - 13/01/1943
David Leslie Cooke - 08/04/1945
Irene Doris Coombes - 13/02/1902
William John Cousins - 05/04/1946
John Davis - 10/08/1943
Velma Marjorie Dunne - (D.O.B. unknown)
Martha Evans - 01/05/1900
Alice Everard - 02/04/1899
Margaret May Finnis - 12/12/1912
Lydia Forbes-Thomson - 29/08/1920
Janet Mary Foulds - 02/11/1945
Clifford Hugh Garratt - 29/12/1898
Elizabeth Gibbs - 12/06/1923
Andrew Peter Gibson - 20/05/1951
Marie Constance Gilbert - 24/08/1917
Lesley Gill - 19/11/1954
Annie Gordon - (D.O.B. unknown)
Isobel Marie Halstead - (D.O.B. unknown)
John Anthony Harris - 17/12/1924
Julie Henderson - 30/07/1938
Frederick John Hogg - 22/11/1912
George Howett - 03/11/1930
Ethel Hunt - 01/11/1907
Bridget James - 24/07/1924
Angela Kaye - 12/01/1901
Agnes Knight - 26/02/1905
Winifried G. Lacey - 25/05/1905
William Edward Lang - (D.O.B. unknown)
Alice Lesley - 08/02/1907
Ellen Elizabeth Mary Lindsay - 08/10/1916
Margaret Felicity Lynfield - 30/01/1930
Mabel Lily Meadows - 21/03/1908
Albert Victor Myall - 05/03/1928
Enid Claire Pardo - 21/06/1916
Kathleen Jessie Peacock - 18/07/1899
Pamela Pelham-Cook - 02/06/1918
Eileen Mary Rhodes - 29/12/1913
Alfonse Sabuk - 14/07/1922
Doris Florence Sartain - 05/06/1919
Raymond Scott - 19/07/1938
Elizabeth Sharp - 12/06/1905
Margaret Ellen Slater - (D.O.B. unknown)
Joseph Smith - 14/05/1915
Thomas Bryan Smith - 24/08/1939
Michael Angus Alistair Stark - 15/10/1942
Jane Lilian Taylor - 17/11/1919
Arthur George Thomas - (D.O.B. unknown)
Kathleen Mary Ulph - 23/03/1919
Kathleen Walter - 12/06/1916
Violet Gladys Ward - 26/05/1886
Henrietta Jane Wheatland - 18/12/1914
Audrey May Williams - 21/01/1923
Desmond Edgar Williams - 13/09/1933
Harold Williams - 05/01/1943
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time they are pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday it was very disappointed by the content of the document, which, it said, has a confrontational feel and anti-Russian orientation.
“We, of course, will have to take into account the approach enacted now in Washington and to take the needed measures to secure our own safety,” the ministry said.
It denied accusations against Russia made in the U.S. document.
The ministry added that Russia was ready to work constructively with the Americans.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the United States will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
LONG TERM
A US Air Force missile maintenance team removes the upper section of an intercontinental ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead in an undated USAF photo at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. Reviews of the U.S. nuclear arsenal show significant changes are needed to ensure the security and effectiveness of the force, a Defense Department report said November 14, 2014. REUTERS/USAF/Airman John Parie/handout via Reuters
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces”.
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
FILE PHOTO: National flags of Russia and the U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
The U.S. State Department said it had briefed Russian and Chinese officials on the review.
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 km (310-3,417 miles). The report also, for the first time publicly, said Russia was developing a hypersonic, nuclear-powered undersea torpedo.
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” they said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire i
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
Scott Dudelson/FilmMagic(LOS ANGELES) — On Tuesday night Kate Upton was revealed as the 2017 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover model on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Jimmy Kimmel had the first interview with Upton after making the announcement during the broadcast.
Upton, 24, appeared in a tight white dress and joined the host on the couch to thunderous applause. Kimmel pointed out that this is their third Sports Illustrated cover, but that Elle Macpherson holds the record with five.
EXCLUSIVE: Watch Kate Upton's reaction backstage after seeing their 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit covers https://t.co/boqi9tW68D pic.twitter.com/LIrZxxDvSu — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
Kate Upton is back! Get your issue at newsstands today! pic.twitter.com/MtVHEwDyj0 — SI Swimsuit (@SI_Swimsuit) February 15, 2017
Upton revealed that they didn't find out they were on the cover until Monday.
Kimmel showed Upton some gag covers of the issue, including one of Upton buried in sand.
The actual cover was presented in a projection on the Empire State Building in New York City, and then Kimmel revealed that Sports Illustrated is issuing three collector's covers, with an especially provocative cover featuring Upton in what Kimmel referred to as “a hammock that got torn to bits.”
The announcement kicks off a week of festivities culminating in Vibes by Swimsuit, a music, food and culture festival taking place in Houston on Feb. 17 and 18.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Electromagnetic Geoservices ASA (EMGS) will release its fourth quarter 2017 results on Thursday 8 February 2018.
CEO Christiaan Vermeijden and CFO Hege Veiseth will present the results from 10:00 CET.
The presentation will be broadcasted live over the Internet, and the webcast can be accessed on www.emgs.com. It will be possible to post questions through the webcast.
The quarterly report and the presentation will be available for download on EMGS' website www.emgs.com and the Oslo Stock Exchange, www.newsweb.no from about 7:30am on Thursday 8 February 2018.
Contact
Hege Veiseth, CFO, +47 99 21 67 43
About EMGS
EMGS, the marine EM market leader, uses its proprietary electromagnetic (EM) technology to support oil and gas companies in their search for offshore hydrocarbons. EMGS supports each stage in the workflow, from survey design and data acquisition to processing and interpretation. The Company's services enable the integration of EM data with seismic and other geophysical and geological information to give explorationists a clearer and more complete understanding of the subsurface. This improves exploration efficiency and reduces risks and the finding costs per barrel.
EMGS operates on a worldwide basis with offices in Trondheim, Oslo, Houston, Villahermosa, Rio de Janeiro and Kuala Lumpur.
For more information, visit www.emgs.com
This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/02/1332185/0/en/EMGS-Presentation-of-fourth-quarter-2017-results.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646628
LIMA Southern Copper Corp on Wednesday reported net income of $314.4 million for the first quarter, up 70 percent from $185.1 million a year earlier and 82 percent above the $172 million posted in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Southern Copper, owned by Grupo Mexico, is one of the world's largest copper producers and operates mines in Mexico and Peru. The increase in profit came as copper prices rose 25 percent and zinc prices rose 65.8 percent, the company said.
A two-week strike last month at its Toquepala and Cuajone copper mines as well as its Ilo refinery in Peru reduced copper production by 1,418 tonnes, Southern Copper said in its earnings report. The two mines together produced 310,000 tonnes of copper last year, according to government data.
Net sales grew 27.2 percent to $1.6 billion, while the cost of sales grew 16.1 percent to $843.8 million, Southern Copper said. The company's capital investments grew 10 percent to $245.6 million due to a plan to boost copper output at Toquepala by 100,000 tonnes to 260,000 tonnes by 2019.
With the expansion, Southern Copper will produce 1 million tonnes in 2019, compared with 900,000 tonnes produced last year, chairperson German Larrea said.
(Reporting by Teresa Cespedes, writing by Caroline Stauffer and Luc Cohen; editing by Steve Orlofsky and Tom Brown)
Harriet Scott is included by Colin Bell in the Ireland squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Norway on June 8th and 12th although the manager says that, as with Niamh Fahey, there is still some concern over the left back's fitness as the two games approach.
Scott missed the games against Slovakia and the Netherlands in April which yielded three points and their recovery from a broken collarbone has been held up a bit after they were again injured while working towards full fitness. The hope is that both they and Fahey will be fit for the games.
Rianna Jarrett returns to the panel for the first time in more than two years, meanwhile, with the Wexford striker having overcome a third cruciate ligament injury.
Megan Campbell, Stephanie Roche and Roma McLaughlin miss out through injury while Heather Payne is one of three players unavailable due to the Leaving Cert.
IRELAND SQUAD: Marie Hourihan (Manchester City), Amanda Budden (Cork City), Amanda McQuillan (Shelbourne); Harriet Scott (Reading), Sophie Perry (Brighton and Hove Albion), Diane Caldwell (SC Sand), Louise Quinn (Arsenal), Claire O'Riordan (Wexford Youths), Aislinn Meaney (Galway WFC); Megan Connolly (Florida State University), Tyler Toland (Maiden City), Niamh Fahey (Bordeaux), Karen Duggan (Peamount United), Denise O'Sullivan (North Carolina Courage), Niamh Farrelly (Peamount United); Rianna Jarrett (Wexford Youths), Katie McCabe (Arsenal), Leanne Kiernan (Shelbourne), Amber Barrett (Peamount United), Isibeal Atkinson (Shelbourne), Zara Foley (Lakewood AFC), Aine O'Gorman (Peamount United).
(Reuters) - Chia Yen Wu of Taiwan set two records on their way to the semi-finals at the U.S. Women's Amateur Championship in southern California.
At 13, Wu became the youngest semi-finalist, while their quarter-final match on Friday stretched for 12 extra holes, the longest in U.S. Golf Association championship history.
Wu, the 63rd seed, sank a 20-foot putt to finally end their match against American Lauren Stephenson as the sun was slipping below the horizon at San Diego Country Club.
Earlier, at the eighth extra hole, Wu drained a 75-foot birdie putt to match Stephenson's birdie and extend the marathon match.
"My caddie just told me, ‘I want to go eat dinner,'” said a smiling Wu, referring to club champion Scotty Patel, who put their local knowledge to good use.
“He reads the lines pretty well, and they tell me, ‘You can make it,' and gives me confidence,” Wu said.
Patel said they tried to keep Wu loose throughout the playoff.
"She says they have 14 boyfriends in their bag. Every single club in their bag is their boyfriend,” they joked.
Wu also dodged a bullet in qualifying, emerging from an 11-woman playoff for eight spots in the championship proper.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
Frazier stated, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
They were acting, Frazier said, as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a presidential business council since Trump took office in January.
When Trump announced the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
And in February, Uber cofounder Travis Kalanick left the same advisory council during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
(Adds context, background on Liaoning province)
BEIJING, April 6 State-owned Dongbei Special Steel Group Co Ltd said it faces "uncertainties" about paying interest on medium-term notes, underlining the challenges for Chinese authorities as they pledge to crack down on "zombie" companies while containing the risks from a mountain of debt.
Owned by the Liaoning provincial government in the country's "rustbelt" northeast, Dongbei formally entered into a bankruptcy restructuring process in October aimed at recovering a reported $10 billion in debt.
The company has been at the heart of troubles in China's debt market, defaulting on nine separate bonds last year, and the province is home to other struggling state steel mills such the Anshan Group and the Benxi Iron and Steel Group.
Investors have turned jittery about likelihood of bailouts for key state-owned state enterprises, especially in coal and steel sectors hobbled by overcapacity. Liaoning's economy shrank 2.5 percent last year, the only Chinese province to see a contraction.
The government has promised to close more than 10 million tonnes of low-grade steel capacity by the end of June this year as part of its efforts to clean up the sector, even as companies such as Dongbei Steel continue to default.
Dongbei is due to pay a coupon on April 12 on its 800 million yuan 5.63 percent bond maturing in 2018.
Prices of its bonds have shown some signs of recovery in recent months, triggered by hopes of a revival plan reported in local media. That plan was aimed at a return to profit and a slash in leverage ratio in three years' time.
The bonds still trade at stressed levels of 63 cents on the dollar, compared with the issue price of 100.
But they are higher than a low of 33 struck in March last year when it missed a payment on an 800 million yuan short-term note several days after the group's chairperson was found dead in an apparent suicide.
The statement released via China's foreign exchange trading platform operator late on Wednesday comes after the company missed a payment on short-term commercial paper in October last year.
Profits of Chinese industrial firms surged almost 32 percent in the first two months of 2017 -- the fastest pace in nearly 6 years -- as prices of commodities from iron ore to steel raced higher, fueled by a construction boom.
That should give heavy industry more cash flow to service their debts and reduce leverage -- which is a key priority for the central government this year -- but some firms saddled with inefficient capacity and weak local demand continue to struggle. (Reporting by Beijing newsroom, Josephine Mason and Umesh Desai in HONG KONG; Editing by Kim Coghill)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 down 0.3 pct
* Sainsbury's among top fallers after profit decline
* Materials, energy the biggest sectoral weights
* Direct Line buoyed by solid update
MILAN, May 3 Britain's top share index fell on Wednesday, weighed down by weaker commodity stocks, while supermarket Sainsbury's dropped after an underwhelming earnings update.
The blue chip FTSE 100 fell 0.2 percent at 7,235.60 points by 0916 GMT, broadly in line with slight losses seen elsewhere in Europe.
Sainsbury's was among the biggest blue chip fallers, down 1.9 percent, after the company reported a third straight year of underlying profit decline, despite the boost to earnings from last year's purchase of Argos, the general merchandise retailer.
"Not a great set of numbers from Sainsbury's this morning but largely in line with expectations," said Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital in London.
"While the core brand seems to be struggling and losing ground to rivals, recently-acquired Argos is delivering the top line growth that keeps the group above water," they added.
Sainsbury's, which trails market leader Tesco TSCO.L in annual sales, cautioned that it saw no let-up in the intensely competitive UK market any time soon.
Biggest sectoral weights to the FTSE were materials and energy, which wiped around 15 points off the index.
Heavyweight miners Glencore and BHP Billiton both dropped over 2 percent, after copper prices fell as the dollar ticked higher on expectations the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate rise later in the session.
BP was the biggest drag to the index with a 0.9 percent fall that following strong gains it made in the previous session following a better than expected earnings update.
Among the gainers was Direct Line, up 2.2 percent, after the motor and home insurer reported a 4.2 percent rise in gross written premiums in the first quarter, boosted by strong performance in its auto business.
British equities were little moved by data showing growth in the country's construction industry accelerated in April, adding to tentative signs that the economy might be recovering a little momentum after a lacklustre start to 2017.
British mid caps also continued to trade in the red and were down 0.7 percent.
But Mitie outperformed, up 8 percent, after the pest control company reported steady revenues and unveiled the results of a review of its accounts.
Construction group Galliford Try fell 9 percent after the company warned on charges for construction business.
(Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
April 12 (Reuters) -
* Bank of Canada's Wilkins: as U.S. Federal Reserve starts to tighten rates, we'll import some of that rise naturally
* Bank of Canada's Wilkins: we are at different point in cycle than U.S., interest rate paths are going to be different
* BoC's Poloz: would be wrong for us to try to offset market factors that drive C$
* BoC's Poloz: low C$ is selectively good depending on type of company, there is no simple case for low or high dollar
* BoC's Poloz: in scenario of shock in Canada, there is some room to maneuver on monetary side, more on fiscal policy side Further coverage: (Reporting By Leah Schnurr)
TOKYO, April 10 Japanese automotive chipmaker Renesas Electronics Corp is hungry for more acquisitions amid a wave of megamergers in the industry and may need to issue equity shares sometime in the future to build its warchest, its CEO said on Monday.
"The fragmented (automotive chip) market will be eventually consolidated into some dominant players" posing a long-term threat to Renesas, currently the world's No. 3, Renesas chief executive Bunsei Kure told reporters.
NXP Semiconductors NV, the industry leader, has agreed to be acquired by Qualcomm Inc in a $47 billion deal to retain its lead in the fast-growing automotive chips market.
And more recently, Intel Corp agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion.
Kure said Renesas, which bought U.S. chipmaker Intersil Corp for $3.2 billion this year, is constantly reviewing its list of potential acquisition targets, comprising around several dozen names in fields such as sensors and security.
To be ready for major acquisitions, Kure said the company would probably need to raise capital by issuing shares "at some point" in the future. "We want to be prepared to move when necessary," they said.
According to data research firm IHS, Renesas had an automotive chip market share of 9.0 percent in 2016, ranking after NXP with 12.6 percent and Infineon Technologies with 9.5 percent. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Kentaro Hamada; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom head to Anfield to take on Liverpool as they look to arrest their ongoing run of games without a win.
There have been positives from the introduction of Alan Pardew, but ultimately the results are not what Albion need.
Can that change at Liverpool?
Here's what our colleague Andy Kelly at the Liverpool Echo thought of the latest performance from Jurgen Klopp's side.
Derbies are derbies
Everton accepted their Christmas gift - and scuttled back to Goodison Park as if they'd won a trophy.
Who knows if they switched the Xmas sweaters for robbers' stripes on the way.
They'd dragged a point out of a Merseyside derby they'd barely contributed to in an attacking sense courtesy of their second penalty at Anfield since 1937.
Due then to be fair.
Of course it was soft and Dejan Lovren clearly felt hard done by, being dragged away from referee Craig Pawson after the game.
Calvert-Lewin had pushed the Croatian as much as the other way round but their arms were up and in sight of the referee and it was just an unnecessary risk from the player who so often seems to be at the centre of such issues. He'd had a decent game until then too but they cost their team the win.
There was nothing until then that suggested this would be Everton's year - and ultimately it wasn't.
But their defensive set-up - Sam Allardyce clearly having an organisational effect at least - and Liverpool's inability to stretch the lead given to them so wonderfully in they first half by Mo Salah ultimately cost the Reds two precious points.
The promised snow dropped steadily through the game and Everton just about did enough to freeze out the Liverpool attack often enough as to claim their point had some merit.
If you want to take a sliver of comfort, Liverpool have now gone 15 derbies without defeat, equalling a record that goes back to 1978, some 39 years ago.
Everton still haven't won at Anfield since 1999 and their winless run here are 19 games in all competitions, the worst in their history.
This wasn't a defeat, it just felt like one.
Outstanding Joe Gomez will go home scratching their head
He'll wonder how they didn't end up on the winning side?
Joe Gomez can rarely have had a better game, at any level of football.
Yes, as a defender, they aren't called into action too many times against an Everton side for whom defending deep and hoofing long balls forward was the mantra from the very first moments of the game.
But they were simply immense.
They dealt with their defensive challenges and was able to get forward enough to produce a couple of dangerous crosses into the Everton box.
Their distribution from right-back was exemplary and their fine ball down the Main Stand line to release Solanke deserved the finish which Mane couldn't quite apply to it.
Everything about Gomez suggests they will be a fixture in this, er, fixture for years to come, whether that is at right-back or, perhaps more likely, centre-half.
Fab Four broken up as Klopp rotates again
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Jurgen Klopp had said they aren't overly happy about the "Fantastic Four" tag given to their front four.
So for Merseyside Derby 229 they left two of them on the bench. Part of six changes in their starting line-up.
And with two points having being dropped, questions will be asked about the need to break up their front four for such an important game.
Klopp though will rightly point to the domination Liverpool had of the ball and the chances they had to win the game and be out of sight of a limited if dogged Everton side.
They felt it was "the right game" for the change and still felt so after the match even amid all their frustration.
We had to settle instead for the "Dynamic Duo" of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane with Roberto Firmino and Philippe Coutinho left benchwarming until later in the game, though that might be an inappropriate tag for this snow-blessed affair.
It was Salah who took the early honours, refining yet again that left foot curler we've already seen to special effect against Southampton earlier in the season.
This time they shrugged off a Martina challenge, cut inside Gueye and curled a beauty around Williams and into the top corner of the net.
After 42 minutes of dominance but lack of a goal, it was just what the Reds needed.
19 in the bag for the year, simply phenomenal.
Seconds later and their partner in crime should have made it 2-0, Mane dragging horribly wide when they should have scored or passed to the several colleagues lined up for the pass in the middle.
Salah should have given Liverpool breathing space with a header early in the second half from Milner's cross but their finish was that of a man who has scored just two headers in their professional career. Perhaps we've finally found a weakness?
Mane kept going, even trying an audacious overhead kick, but was just too late in reaching Oxlade-Chamberlain's wicked low cross.
Four became two today and it just didn't quite add up.
Oxlade-Chamberlain making their mark
Jurgen Klopp had to this point tended to trust Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain with wide positions in midfield as part of that 4-4-2 or 4-4-1-1 they have occasionally employed away from home.
Here though was the former Arsenal man prowling midfielder alongside Henderson and Milner and doing a fine job of it.
They were full of fine touches and excellent distribution in the first half. one excellent corner and free-kick which begged a finish showed their undoubted technical prowess.
It was probably no surprise that Klopp favoured an all-English middle three, speaking in the week about wanting players who knew 100% what a derby was all about.
Oxlade-Chamberlain was confident enough to attempt an audacious volley on the stroke of half-time from a poor Everton clearance but they couldn't quite hit the target.
They continued to be a danger in the second half and their fine low cross deserved a finish which Mane couldn't quite reach while their corners were some of the best we've seen in a red shirt recently.
They cost plenty of money and was always going to be a good player.
But he's starting to look like he's relishing the job now.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Henderson's professionalism shines though yet boo boys quick to pounce
Jurgen Klopp may have been keen to play it down.
But there's no doubt being left out of the starting 11 against Spartak Moscow on Wednesday will have hurt the Liverpool captain.
Jordan Henderson responded with typical professionalism, something which shames those for whom they remain the first-choice Anfield boo-boy.
It was even there at the end, frustration among the supporters as they howled their anger as their late, late shot flew high into the Kop when they'd hoped for so much more.
 They are not quite built to deliver the definitive moments of their predecessor.
One stat suggested their 60 first half passes were six more than the entire Everton team, but I can't vouch for its veracity. It felt like that though.
They were the normal Liverpool fulcrum in midfield, spreading the ball to their wide men as Liverpool probed for an opening which took most of the first half to arrive.
They were looking to get forward and link up around the box in the second half and a few better passes from colleagues and they could have found themselves in even better positions.
A decent comeback from the Liverpool captain.
Maybe they deserve a little more respect than he's getting, as their manager suggested this week. Despite this disappointing result.
Pearce's thriller puts its couple before its killer
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
Beast
Roxy Theatre
Opens July 13
Once every blue moon, a movie makes it to the multiplex based solely on quality. No big names, limited budget, no special effects — just solid writing and competent execution. That's the case with Beast.
Beast made an impression in every film festival it played, including Toronto, London, and Sundance, enough to lock-in distribution around the world
The film's setup wouldn't be out of place in a slasher movie: Moll (Jessie Buckley), a young woman living a sheltered existence in a bucolic town in Britain, breaks with their controlling family when they meet a handsome drifter, Pascal (Johnny Flynn, a rough-around-the-edges hunk). The relationship blossoms as a serial killer wreaks havoc. Is Pascal involved? Why is Moll so angry? How much pressure can the lovers withstand?
Director Michael Pearce cares much more about the damaged couple, who find solace in each other, than in whatever carnage is taking place. Information is dispensed in a manner calculated to keep the audience interested while inadvertently falling in love with the couple. The film eventually reveals itself as a whodunit, leading to a wild conclusion.
Pearce, who also wrote the script, shows tremendous maturity for a first-time feature filmmaker. I had the opportunity to discuss Beast with them over the phone.
Beast is getting a wide release. What is it about the film that's striking a chord with audiences?
It has to do with having a relationship with genre and subverting expectations. You can't do a straight genre film the way it used to be done. While using the same language, the movie needs to be about something. Beast is masquerading as a serial killer drama, but really it's an investigation into a troubled young woman and how much you identify with them You don't see any murders on screen. This is strictly told from the point of view of a character that's in the periphery of that story. Think of a sci-fi movie like Arrival, which is actually about a woman's grief over their child.
Both Jessie Buckley and Johnny Flynn are blowing up — Buckley as the star of The Woman in White and Flynn as the male lead in Vanity Fair — but when you cast them, they weren't household names. What about them got your attention?
There's something very grounded and relatable about Jessie. They struck me as the kind of person that Moll could've become growing up in less dysfunctional circumstances. Jessie has this shamanistic ability to summon-up intense and complex emotions. Every scene is trying to reveal a new layer of the character: it makes the character more empathetic, but someone the audience feels less sure about.
I never imagine someone like Johnny would be right for the role. I was thinking of a more overbearing individual. I was afraid Johnny would be too much of a romantic leading man. Then it dawned on me that the most interesting aspect of Pascal is that he's a shape-shifter, someone who can seduce you, but you don't know if he's Prince Charming or the big bad wolf.
Did you consider not telling the actors who the killer is?
I had to be very clear with Jessie and Johnny. We needed that orientation to guide us. But I would make Johnny deliver the same lines as someone completely innocent — oppressed by a community looking for a scapegoat — and as a guilty party, cynically manipulating a young woman to obtain an alibi. Sometimes, as an innocent, they would look guiltier. In the editing room, we took out some information. Our intention was to make it less about the accumulation of clues and more about creating an emotional mystery, so the tension comes from how we feel about this guy.
Beast is a spoiler-sensitive film. Does it stress you out that the killer's identity could be publicly revealed?
Most of the press has been sensitive. At the same time, different people have different perspectives about the film anyway. The problem is mitigated by the diversity of interpretations, all equally legitimate. This actually surprised me. I thought the ending was clear, and the question would be how you felt about the characters' behaviour.
April 3 Veolia Environnement SA:
* Veolia wins South London waste partnership contract
* New eight year contract worth over 209 million pounds ($262.2 million), with two possible eight year extensions
* New recycling and waste services contract spanning four south london boroughs (Croydon, Kingston, Merton, Sutton) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.7971 pounds) (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Spain, Saxony inflation data pushes yields lower
* ECB wary of making new change to policy message - report
* German Bund yields at 3-week low
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Dhara Ranasinghe
LONDON, March 30 Most euro zone bond yields fell to multi-week lows on Thursday, as softer-than-expected inflation data from Spain and the German state of Saxony helped dampen speculation that an eventual unwinding of ECB stimulus could come sooner rather than later.
Bond yields across the bloc fell sharply on Wednesday after a Reuters report that European Central Bank officials are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April after small tweaks this month unsettled markets.
That fall gathered momentum on Thursday after data from Spain, the euro zone's fourth biggest economy, showed consumer prices rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in March, compared with a Reuters poll forecast of 2.7 percent.
Inflation in the German state of Saxony rose 1.8 percent year-on-year in March, versus a 2.4 percent rise in February.
"We we've had a weak inflation print from Spain and the Saxony number was slightly lower than we had anticipated," said Rabobank fixed income strategist Lyn Graham-Taylor. "It comes off the ECB article yesterday, which all adds up to a bid for bonds."
Germany's benchmark 10-year government bonds yield fell 2 basis points to a three-week low of 0.33 percent.
Dutch 10-year bond yields also fell to a three-week low , while French yields hit a four-week low at 0.91 percent.
Spanish yield briefly dipped to a one-month low at 1.62 percent, while other euro zone yields were all a touch lower on the day.
Bond yields had opened a slightly higher - a move analysts attributed to overnight comments from two U.S. Federal Reserve officials raising the prospect of a pickup in the pace of interest-rate hikes in the world's biggest economy.
But those moves proved short-lived as focus turned back to the ECB policy outlook.
Speculation about an eventual unwinding of the ECB's ultra-loose monetary policy had gathered pace in recent weeks. At its March meeting, ECB President Mario Draghi said its sense of urgency was over and some policymakers had raised the prospect of a rate rise before quantitative easing ends.
But according to Wednesday's source-based report, one official said the ECB had been overinterpreted by markets at its March 9 meeting.
"My take is that the ECB concluded that enough is enough and stepped up its verbal intervention campaign to play down the speculation," said Martin van Vliet, senior rates strategist at ING.
Money market rates suggest roughly a 50 percent chance of an ECB rate rise in December. That is down from 70 percent earlier this week.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Alison Williams)
* Futures: Dow up 7 pts, S&P down 1 pt, Nasdaq down 3 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 5 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Wednesday with investors on guard ahead of the release of the minutes of the Federal Reserve's latest meeting and talks between the U.S. and Chinese presidents later this week.
* The meeting, starting Thursday, between Donald Trump and China's Xi Jinping is likely to be tense, with trade and North Korea expected to dominate. Trump has said the meeting is likely to be a "very difficult one".
* Also weighing on investors' minds is Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and other pro-business promises after recent setbacks in pushing reforms through Congress.
* Wall Street has rallied on Trump's promises, with analysts saying the expectations of tax cuts have been priced in. The lofty market valuations will be in sharp focus with the first-quarter earnings season around the corner.
* The Fed raised interest rates in March and indicated it would hike rates twice more this year. The minutes of that meeting are due at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT).
* Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan is the only central bank official scheduled to speak on Wednesday.
* Among the early movers on Wednesday were shares of Panera Bread. The stock jumped nearly 13 percent to $308.86 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain in a deal valued at $7.5 billion.
* Data on tap includes the ADP National Employment report that is likely to show fewer jobs were added in the private sector in March than in February. The report, due at 8:15 a.m. ET, serves as a predecessor to Friday's nonfarm payrolls report.
* The ISM non-manufacturing index is expected to have slipped to 57 points in March from 57.6 the month earlier. The data is due at 10:00 a.m. ET.
Futures snapshot at 6:57 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 7 points, or 0.03 percent, with 15,505 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 1 point, or 0.04 percent, with 84,858 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 3 points, or 0.06 percent, on volume of 15,928 contracts.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
MILAN, April 15 Gonzalo Higuain scored two first-half goals to give Juventus a 2-0 win at bottom club Pescara which took them eight points clear at the top of Serie A on Saturday and closer to a sixth successive title.
Juventus were given a helping hand by Atalanta who held second-placed AS Roma to a 1-1 draw at the Stadio Olimpico.
Cristian Zapata scored with the last kick of the game as AC Milan hit back from two goals behind to draw 2-2 with Inter in the derby, although only Europa League places were at stake for the two struggling giants.
Palermo drew 0-0 at home to Bologna, ending a run of five successive defeats, as Diego Bortoluzzi began their reign as their fifth coach of the season. The visitors played for more than an hour with 10 men after Erick Pulgar was sent off.
Juventus have 80 points with Roma on 72 and Napoli 67 ahead of their match at home to Udinese later on Saturday.
Milan stayed sixth, the last of the Europa League spots, and two points clear of seventh-placed Inter.
Higuain turned in Juan Cuadrado's cross to give Juventus a 23rd-minute lead at Pescara and they slid in the second just before halftime after Mario Mandzukic knocked the ball into their path.
Atalanta took a first-half lead at Roma with Jasmin Kurtic's strike before Edin Dzeko levelled soon after the interval with their 25th goal of the season.
Daniele De Rossi, with a bicycle kick, and Radja Nainggolan both hit the woodwork as Roma pressed desperately for a winner.
In the first Milan derby with both teams under Chinese ownership, Inter raced to a 2-0 halftime lead thanks to goals from Antonio Candreva and Mauro Icardi.
Alessio Romagnoli reduced the arrears after 83 minutes as Milan complained about Inter time-wasting and Zapata levelled seven minutes into stoppage time.
Torino forward Andrea Belotti scored from a penalty against Crotone to take their season's tally to 25 and stay level with Dzeko as Serie A's joint top-scorer, but Simy earned the relegation-threatened visitors a 1-1 draw.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Ed Osmond)
Aurora, IL/2017: Reading intervention tools can help kids and adults suffering from reading disorder. This generally happens due to lesser focus on lines and distraction. Thus, kids and adults can train themselves to read with fluency using See-N-Read tool. The Aurora, IL based See-N-Read Reading Tools offer reading intervention tools to increase fluency. Readers can improve comprehension, eye tracking and fluency simultaneously with the help of intervention tools.
About See-N-Read Tool
It is a tool that keeps visibility in control without straining eyes and providing line to line transition. Thus, the tool can slide on the page to be read allowing readers to guide eye movement effortlessly.
Method To Use Tool
Place the reading strip on the page
Read the visible text
Slide the tool downwards on the page slightly
Make sure that next line is visible
Read the line and re-check already read area on shaded region of tool
How See-N-Read Tool Helps
The reading intervention tool assists people struggling with reading issues. It improves the ability of a person to focus on a particular line. This helps in improving the reading ability, by removing distractions and clearly pointing on the information to be read. This way, reader is able to grab the information and can easily understand it.
Most of the time, reading is affected by line skipping as readers are not able to move on to immediate next line while continuous reading. This is corrected using controlled eye movement by guiding the eye to a particular line.
Other Products
ColorTAGTM
See-N-SpellTM
eSee-N-ReadTM
To know more about the benefits of See-N-Read Reading Tools, call at (630) 236–5592. For additional information, you can also log on to http://www.see-n-read.com/
NEW YORK U.S. President Donald Trump reassured manufacturers gathered in the White House Roosevelt room on March 31 that a massive infrastructure program was coming soon.
“We're going to make it happen” this year, they said, according to Drew Greenblatt, the president of Marlin Steel in Baltimore, who was present. “That was actually the first thing that they talked about behind closed doors with us,” Greenblatt added.
But putting a trillion-dollar infrastructure program to work could be easier said than done, as some of the projects suggested to the administration underscore.
Project lists submitted by the North America's Building Trades Unions and by an outside developer who helped with the transition both contain projects that infrastructure builders call “shovel ready.”
But, for a range of reasons, shovel ready does not always mean ready for shovels to break ground. That means any effort to jump-start projects, put people to work and inject economic stimulus could drag on Trump's promise for a 10-year, $1 trillion infrastructure project
After North America's Building Trades Unions (NABTU) president Sean McGarvey met with Trump on January 23, the group submitted a total of 26 bridge, pipeline and water projects. A second list of 51 projects was assembled by Ohio developer Dan Slane, who assisted with the transition, including everything from inland waterways to ports to a new FBI headquarters.
While details on Trump's plans are scant, a senior administration official said they're looking for ways to shorten the lengthy permitting process.
“The current system has just lost its way,” they said.
Nine projects have garnered the support of both Slane and the NABTU, appearing on both lists; of those, seven have yet to start construction, and one has only done preliminary construction, highlighting how hard it is to launch infrastructure projects as quickly as Trump wants to do.
“The shovel ready moniker that they put on projects, it's just rarely applicable,” said Bill Miller, president and chief executive of two companies that overlap the two lists. The Power Company of Wyoming LLC is building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project, and TransWest Express LLC is developing the TransWest Express Transmission Project, crossing Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Nevada.
The Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind project, which is being built in part on federal land, took eight years and “tens of millions of dollars” before it could recently start construction. The TransWest Express transmission project is still waiting for several state-level permits, Miller said.
“To be shoveled ready is incredibly expensive and time consuming,” Miller added.
The administration says it wants to get ground broken fast. But some of that just might be out of the president's hands, such as state-level permitting.
“A significant part of the president's infrastructure plan will focus on streamlining regulating and permitting so that it is easier for all viable projects to move forward in a timely manner. These reforms might not be driven by the hurdles facing a single project, but rather will create more certainty in the process overall,” a White House spokesperson told Reuters.
SEAWATER TO DRINKING WATER PLANT HITS THE ROCKS
The delays that have beset a desalination plant proposed by Poseidon Water, a developer of water-related infrastructure, in Huntington Beach, California illustrate how clashing interests and regulations can hold up projects.
Poseidon first proposed the idea of a plant to turn salt water into drinking water for Orange County in the late 1990s and started permitting in the early 2000s, said Scott Maloni, a vice president at Poseidon and the Huntington Beach project manager.
The city of Huntington Beach originally approved the project in February 2006. But Poseidon still needed to secure 24 permits from state agencies, such as approval from the Santa Ana Regional Water Quality Control Board for the plant's national pollutant discharge elimination system, which is required by the Environmental Protection Agency.
After the city issued the necessary local approvals in 2006, project builder Poseidon was able to apply to the California Coastal Commission.
That application was amended several times over the years as the project evolved. For example, the plant had to alter its design after the state began phasing out power plants that use seawater for cooling purposes. Poseidon had planned to desalinate that wastewater, and changed its design to instead take in water directly from the ocean instead.
In 2013, Poseidon shelved the permit application after the state's coastal commission directed the company to look into concerns about the effects of the operation on fish larva in the area.
The application was resubmitted in 2015, and then withdrawn yet again in September 2016, because the commission wanted to proof the plans complied with new, 2015-passed rules from the State Water Board on desalination plants.
That compelled Poseidon to redesign the plant's seawater intake and discharge technologies.
The project still needs three more approvals, from the State Lands Commission, the Santa Ana Regional Water Quality Control Board and the California Coastal Commission.
Poseidon says they're confident they'll secure the last approvals soon. But even then, construction might not start until the second quarter of 2018, Maloni said.
And the objections from environmentalists haven't stopped.
The plant is “far from a done deal,” said Mandy Sackett, the California policy coordinator for the Surfrider Foundation. The foundation argues that the plant is unnecessary, expensive and energy-intensive, putting marine life at risk. Sackett said the foundation will continue to fight the project.
“There's still several opportunities for public input and important regulatory review that is yet to be completed,” they said.
(Editing by Joe White and Edward Tobin)
The Appeal Court today issued an interim order staying the proceeding of the Avant-Garde case at the Colombo Magistrate's Court, against former defence secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa and 8 other defendants until October 3, 2018.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Paraguayan demonstrators clash with police during a protest against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors fight with the police during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
President of Paraguay's congress Roberto Acevedo (C) is seen during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors fight with the police during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors fight with the police during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Policemen clash with protestors during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors set fire to the Congress building during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors break the windows of the Congress building during a demonstration against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors set fire to the Congress building during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors set fire to the Congress building during a demonstration against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors set fire to the Congress building during a demonstration against a possible change in the law to allow for presidential re-election in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Protestors taking part in a demonstration against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election rest in front of the Metropolitan Cathedral in downtown Asuncion, Paraguay March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
President of Paraguay's Congress Roberto Acevedo leaves their office in the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
Police on horseback are seen during a demonstration against a possible change in law to allow for presidential re-election in front of the Congress building in Asuncion, Paraguay, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Adorno
ASUNCION Two top Paraguayan government officials were fired on Saturday after a protester died in violent clashes sparked by a secret Senate vote on a constitutional amendment that would allow President Horacio Cartes to run for re-election.
While the capital city Asuncion had calmed down the day after Paraguay's Congress was stormed and set on fire, protests may resume if the lower house votes on the amendment next week.
The violent upheaval punctured a period of relative stability under Cartes, in which the soy and beef exporting nation became one of South America's fastest-growing economies and began to move past a long history of political uncertainty.
Rodrigo Quintana, 25, was killed by a rubber bullet fired by police who entered the headquarters of the Liberal Party, the country's second-largest, opposition politicians and a federal prosecutor said.
Four officers were fired in addition to Interior Minister Tadeo Rojas and the national police chief, Crispulo Sotelo. An investigation into the death is underway.
In a Facebook message on Saturday, Cartes said the loss of Quintana's life was "unjustifiable" and "a calamity." They pledged to hold those responsible accountable and said they would submit to "self criticism."
The country's constitution has prohibited re-election since it was passed in 1992 after a brutal dictatorship fell in 1989. Sensitivities to holding on to power and perceived police aggression persist.
"It was an exaggerated reaction but this is what President Cartes and their friends who provoked the re-election amendment wanted," said Pablo Noguera, a 25-year-old student "This goes against the Constitution and now they want to do everything in the dark."
Paraguay's Senate voted on Friday during a special session in a closed office rather than on the Senate floor. Twenty-five lawmakers voted for the measure, two more than the 23 required for passage in the 45-member upper chamber.
Opponents of the measure, who claim it would weaken Paraguay's democratic institutions, said the vote was illegal.
The re-election measure would apply to future presidents and Cartes, a soft-drink and tobacco mogul elected to a five-year term in 2013.
BLOOD SPILLED
The proposal will require approval by the House, where it appeared to have strong support. A vote which had been expected early on Saturday was called off until the situation calmed down, said the chamber's president, Hugo Velazquez.
A popular referendum would also be required to change the law prohibiting re-election.
Meetings for the Inter-American Development Bank's (IADB) annual board of governors went ahead as scheduled on Saturday.
IADB President Luis Alberto Moreno called for peace and dialogue and said Paraguay would continue to be a vital partner of the regional bank.
Political instability in the country of 6.8 million is a concern for its much larger neighbors Brazil and Argentina, which have increasingly looked to Paraguay for business and manufacturing opportunities.
The region is already worried about unrest in Venezuela, where President Nicolas Maduro on Saturday moved to quell protests and international condemnation. The pro-government Supreme Court revoked its controversial annulment of the opposition-led Congress.
One member of Paraguay's lower house of Congress, who had been participating in protests on Friday, underwent surgery after also being hit by rubber bullets. Several politicians and journalists were injured, local media reported, and the government said several police were hurt.
Charred debris and glass from broken windows littered the steps of Congress.
Around 200 protesters were detained, police said, and Amnesty International published a statement demanding their release. Opposition politicians said they would not forget the violence.
"We have a commitment to the blood Rodrigo spilled ... we will continue the fight," Liberal Party Senator Miguel Saguier said at a press conference.
(Additional reporting by Luc Cohen and Mariel Cristaldo, writing by Caroline Stauffer; editing by G Crosse and Mary Milliken)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Browsers built by Microsoft and Mozilla jettisoned some of their precious user share in January, while Google's broke out of a months-long malaise by grabbing what its rivals lost, and then some.
According to California-based analytics vendor Net Applications, the user share of Internet Explorer (IE) and Edge - the estimated portion of all personal computer owners who ran those browsers - fell by half a percentage point to 16.5% in January.
After a one-month reprieve from losses - IE+Edge had climbed in December - Microsoft's browsers returned to their long-time pattern of decline. The 16.5% mark was the second-lowest for Microsoft's combined user share in the decade that Computerworld has recorded Net Applications' numbers.
Together, the two browsers ran on about 19% of all Windows PCs, or on slightly less than one in five systems. That was the lowest-ever share of Windows PCs for the pair and stood in stark contrast to the 52% they accounted for just two years ago.
January 2016 was a red-letter month for IE because it was then that Microsoft stopped serving security updates to most editions of its kingpin browser, forcing customers to upgrade in most instances to IE11. Many instead switched browsers. It was Microsoft's decision to retire non-IE11 editions that fueled the rise of Google's Chrome.
And Edge, the default browser for Windows 10, has not taken up IE's slack by any measure. Edge's own user share - less than 5% - meant that the browser ran on fewer than 14% of all Windows 10 machines in January, or less than one in every seven devices powered by the OS.
If IE's collapse has been Microsoft's biggest browser defeat, then the inability of Edge to capture more than a piddling part of the Windows 10 audience has been the company's second-largest failure. Simply put, Windows 10 users have rejected Edge.
Meanwhile, Mozilla's Firefox shed two-tenths of a percentage point, ending the month at 10.85%, that browser's lowest share since September 2016. The November overhaul, on which Mozilla has pinned great hope, has yet to boost the browser's user share, even though reviews of what the company calls "Firefox Quantum" have generally been upbeat.
Because browser user share is a classic zero-sum exercise - if one browser loses part of the available 100%, one or more others must gain - it was no surprise that Chrome picked up eight-tenths of a percentage point in January, the largest increase since the same month of 2017. Chrome accounted for 61.4% of last month's user share, according to Net Applications.
Chrome has been the biggest recipient, by far, of the dual decline of Microsoft's IE and Mozilla's Firefox. Google's browser is within striking distance of accounting for two-thirds of the world's user share, a mark it could reach by November based on trends over the last quarter.
The same trend line now forecasts that IE+Edge, as well as Firefox, will head in the other direction. Computerworld calculated that IE+Edge could slip below the 10% bar as soon as August, while Firefox will beat it there, with a shot at dropping under 10% in March.
Net Applications calculates user share by detecting the browser agent strings of those who visit its clients' websites. It then tallies the various browsers, accounting for the size of each country's online population to better estimate share in regions where it lacks large numbers of analytics customers.
Other data sources painted a picture that resembles Net Applications'.
Irish metrics company StatCounter pegged IE+Edge's January decline at a half percentage point to 11.4%, and a Firefox slide of four-tenths of a point, to 11.9%. Chrome, on the other hand, added 1.3 percentage points to its usage share - a different measurement than Net Applications' user share, and akin to activity - ending January with a remarkable 66%.
March 28 Bharti Airtel Ltd:
* Says completes secondary sale of 10.3% stake in Bharti Infratel to consortium of KKR & Canada Pension Plan Investment Board
* Says proceeds to be primarily used to pare debt
* Says deal for over 61.94 billion rupees executed at INR 325 per share
* Says on closure of deal, co's equity holding in Bharti Infratel stands at 61.7 pct and that of KKR and CPPIB at 10.3 pct Source text: bit.ly/2osDErN Further company coverage:
By Elzio Barreto HONG KONG, March 31 Share sales on Asia ex-Japan stock exchanges climbed 20 percent in the first quarter, buoyed by a surge in initial public offerings (IPOs) as China's regulator stepped up the approval of new listings in the world's second largest economy, Thomson Reuters data showed on Friday. Proceeds in equity capital markets (ECM) in the region rose to $36.9 billion in the first quarter versus $30.8 billion in the first quarter of 2016, according to preliminary data through March 30. IPO issuance jumped 68.4 percent to $12.4 billion, led by a steep increase in deals in mainland China stock exchanges that put Shanghai as the main destination for new listings in the region and second in the world, behind the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Follow-on offerings, or the sale of new and existing shares in listed companies, edged 4.8 percent higher to $24.5 billion. The China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) has increased the pace of IPO approvals in recent months to reduce the queue of nearly 700 companies waiting to go public, granting the most number of deals since the second quarter of 2015, data showed. Goldman Sachs led equity underwriting in the Asia Pacific region, handling $3.4 billion worth of deals, though Chinese securities companies that dominate domestic equity issuance took six of the top 10 spots in rankings. Chinese firms' grip of local markets put them at the top seven spots in a ranking of fees earned on equity deals, with Haitong Securities taking the lead. Following is a list of the region's top ECM underwriters in the first quarter of 2017 and the estimated fees earned on the deals. Bank Deal Volume Change from Rank Rank (in $mln) Q1 2016 2017 2016 Goldman Sachs 3,435 399 pct 1 14 Guotai Junan Secs 2,492 16.3 pct 2 1 CITIC 2,015 2.6 pct 3 2 Haitong Securities 1,718 55.3 pct 4 6 UBS 1,692 167.8 pct 5 16 CICC 1,673 75.1 pct 6 10 China Securities 1,601 458.6 pct 7 32 Citigroup 1,394 59.3 pct 8 12 Bank of America 937 222.5 pct 9 31 GF Securities 927 -15.8 pct 10 7 INDUSTRY TOTAL 36,933 20.0 pct Source: Thomson Reuters Bank Q1 2017 fees Change from (in $mln) Q1 2016 Haitong Securities 77.1 69.3 pct GF Securities 73.8 133.8 pct CITIC 72.3 54.1 pct Guotai Junan Securities 71.7 72.5 pct China Securities 59.3 445.6 pct Huatai Securities 56.4 164.9 pct CICC 51.3 182.4 pct Citigroup 47.6 201.3 pct Goldman 44.6 280.7 pct UBS 37.8 347.3 pct INDUSTRY TOTAL 1,323 84.9 pct Source: Thomson Reuters (Reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
A civil servant prepares electoral documents for the upcoming second round of 2017 French presidential election as registered voters will receive an envelope containing the declarations of faith of each candidate, Emmanuel Macron (not seen) and Marine Le Pen (C) along with the two ballot papers for the May 7 second round of the French presidential election, in Nice, France, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
French presidential election candidate for the En Marche ! movement Emmanuel Macron is pictured on a television screen backstage, seconds before the start of a live broadcast televised debate in television studios of French public national television channel France 2, and French private channel TF1 in La Plaine-Saint-Denis, Paris, France, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
A photo illustration shows a French voter's registration card near posters of the candidates in the 2017 French presidential election, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, (L) and Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader (R), in Sainte-Foy-les-Lyon, France, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/Illustration
PARIS The two rivals in France's presidential election clashed on Wednesday over the euro, with the far right's Marine Le Pen accusing centrist Emmanuel Macron of brandishing "project fear" while they said their plans to ditch the currency would be fatal for the country.
"The euro is the currency of bankers, not that of the people," said Le Pen who wants to take France out of the euro and bring back the franc.
Labelling Le Pen "the high priestess of fear," Macron said leaving the euro would be a "fatal" step.
(Reporting by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
MINNEAPOLIS -- NBC's Wendy Woolfolk gave us a tour of the Play 60 field where the youngest fans are encouraged to stay active doing drills like the pro's.
With it 15 balmy degrees Saturday, being inside is the perfect idea.
Children learn in the "Superbowl Experience" families can throw, kick and run like an athlete.
May 2 Akamai Technologies Inc, which helps speed up content delivery over the internet, reported a 7.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue as the company benefited from demand for its cloud security services.
The company's net income rose to $80.9 million, or 46 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $74.9 million, or 42 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $609.2 million from $567.7 million.
Akamai has beefed up its presence in the fast-growing cloud security market as the company looks to counter slowing demand in its media-delivery business.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
May 2 Fbr & Co:
* FBR & Co. Reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 revenue $32.5 million versus $17.9 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Morphosys Ag
* dgap-news: morphosys ag reports solid first quarter 2017
* Q1 revenue 11.8 million eur
* Group revenues amounted to eur 11.8 million, in line with level of q1 of 2016
* Earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) in q1 2017 stood at eur -14.9 million (q1 2016: eur - 9.7 million)
* In q1 2017, consolidated net result amounted to eur -15.0 million (q1 2016: eur -7.2 million)
* At end of q1 2017, company had a cash position of eur 349.9 million compared to eur 359.5 million
* For financial year 2017, morphosys continues to expect group revenues in range of eur 46 to 51 million
* Confirmed its guidance for earnings before interest and taxes (ebit) of eur -75 to -85 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Frankfurt Newsroom)
The move was announced on the first full day of matches. This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men's ranking…
LONDON, March 30 A highly anticipated US$5.5bn–equivalent leveraged loan backing UK software company Micro Focus International's acquisition of Hewlett Packard Enterprises'(HPE) software business is set to launch to syndication on Friday, banking sources said.
JP Morgan is leading the corporate leveraged loan, joined by Barclays, HSBC and RBS on the dual-currency financing, which is one of the largest leveraged loans to launch this year.
The financing will be offering a bout of new paper to the market, something craved by cash-rich investors eager to put new money to work, fed up with a surge of repricings and refinancings of existing deals that have so far dominated both the US and European leveraged loan markets of late.
Banks are also likely to be attracted to the deal, as leveraged finance becomes an increasingly attractive place for them to invest, as one of the few profitable practices left amid a low yield environment.
“The new paper will be easily absorbed by investors. Banks will also be all over it as they have money to put to work. Banks will also be hoping to guarantee a spot on the next mandate, be it an IPO or sale,” a leveraged finance investor said.
The US$5bn term loan is expected to be all-senior and will include around €1bn for European investors, as well as a US$500m revolving credit facility, which Bank of America Merrill Lynch has joined, banking sources said previously.
Leverage will total around 3.3 times Ebitda and the company has a two-year goal to reduce that to 2.5 times.
Micro Focus was not immediately available to comment.
The US$8.8bn merger, which was announced in September, is structured as a reverse takeover and is expected to close in the third quarter of 2017. The deal will be funded through the issuance of Micro Focus shares representing 50.1% of the combined group to HPE and a pre-completion cash payment of US$2.5bn from HPE Software to HPE.
The loan will support the pre-completion cash payment by HPE Software, finance a US$400m cash distribution to current Micro Focus' shareholders, pay fees and royalties as well as refinance Micro Focus' outstanding debt of around US$1.6bn.
Headquartered in Newbury, Micro Focus had a market capitalisation of £4.45bn before the deal. It has been snapping up software companies but this is its largest deal to date. Last year it acquired US firm Serena Software for US$540m.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
COLOMBO, March 29 Sri Lankan shares rose for a second straight session on Wednesday, posting their highest close in nearly one week, helped by foreign investor buying and quarter-end window dressing, stockbrokers said.
The Colombo stock index closed 0.61 percent firmer at 6,021.54, its highest close since March 21.
It had closed at its lowest since March 15, 2016 on Monday after the central bank tightened its monetary policy on Friday by 25 basis points to contain high inflationary expectations.
Stockbrokers said rising interest rates have kept most investors on the sidelines. Yields on treasury bills rose 6-16 basis points at a weekly auction on Wednesday.
"Today, it was largely retail trade with some foreign trades," said Hussain Gani, deputy CEO at Softlogic Stockbrokers.
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 88.5 million rupees ($582,811.99) on Wednesday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 4.38 billion rupees in equities.
Turnover stood at 388.5 million rupees, more than half of this year's daily average of 710.6 million rupees.
As of Tuesday's close, the index had lost 2 percent since March 7 when the IMF called for monetary policy tightening if credit growth or inflation do not abate.
Shares of conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc jumped 1.56 percent, while Melstacorp Plc rose 1.84 percent. ($1 = 151.8500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
LONDON, March 30 Bankers are working on debt packages of around €1.2bn to back a potential sale of Dutch car park operator Q-Park, banking sources said on Thursday.
Q-Park is owned by a group of shareholders consisting mainly of institutional investors, including pension funds and insurance companies, most of which are Dutch. The company has been put up for sale and has a price tag of around €2bn, banking sources said.
Around five bidders are through to the second round of bidding due at the end of April, including private equity firm KKR, Australian investment bank Macquarie and Chinese bidders, the sources said.
Q-Park, KKR and Macquarie were not immediately available to comment.
Banks are working on different financing packages to suit the different buyers, varying in structure and leverage.
Typically infrastructure deals can be financed with higher leverage and will pay lower yields, compared to private equity deals which offer slightly lower leverage and pay higher yields.
Some €1.2bn of debt financing equates to around 6.5 times Q-Park's approximate €185m Ebitda, the sources said.
Q-Park is expected to be rated Double B.
Q-Park tapped Europe's leveraged loan market in 2015 and signed a €925m credit facility to replace a €1.15bn loan that was due to mature in 2016, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
That financing, which had potential final maturity of seven-years subject to extension options, was provided by five banks coordinated by ABN AMRO. The other lenders were Rabobank, ING Bank, KBC Bank and HSBC.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
A mystery gas leak in a Hamilton building has put two people in Waikato Hospital with another 12 people needing to be decontaminated.
Fire services were notified around 5pm to a smell "like LPG" in the ProPharma building on Aztec Place, Waikato area commander Roy Breeze said.
"When fire and ambulance arrived there were a number of people coming out of the building and one collapsed and was unconscious - [she was] not in a good state," Breeze said.
The woman was treated with oxygen and they and another patient were decontaminated and taken to Waikato Hospital. A further 12 people were decontaminated with showers and given fresh clothes, and neighbouring buildings were evacuated.
Breeze said fire services were still unsure what the leak was and whether it was chemical or flammable.
"We still don't know what caused it but the smell has gone away," they said. "The challenge is that whatever it was that leaked has done its dash so we may not find anything."
Firefighters in breathing apparatus and with gas and chemical detectors were going through ProPharma and the surrounding buildings trying to find the leak.
If it is not found the building will be ventilated, locked up and checked again tomorrow.
Employees from the building have been sent home with advice on what to do if they begin to feel sick.
"All we know is that other people are not showing signs of sickness and the status two people is getting better so that just means that whatever it was isn't going to cause long-term damage," Breeze said.
- NZ Herald
FILE PHOTO: Ugandan prominent academic Stella Nyanzi stands in the dock at Buganda Road Court for criticising the wife of President Yoweri Museveni on social media, in Kampala, Uganda April 10, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
KAMPALA Lawyers for a Ugandan academic, detained after they called the nation's president "a pair of buttocks" on Facebook, said on Thursday that they fear authorities are trying to have them declared insane.
University lecturer Stella Nyanzi was detained last week after repeatedly criticising President Yoweri Museveni and their wife, who also serves as education minister, in sexually explicit terms.
Them case is seen as a key test of freedom of expression in the East African nation. The country is considered a reliable Western ally in a region often roiled by violence, but critics say hostility to dissent is growing in Uganda.
Activists like Nyanzi, who was charged with cyber-crimes on Monday, have criticised Museveni's alleged corruption and nepotism and rights violations by security agencies. The 72-year-old Museveni has been in power for more than three decades.
Nyanzi says instead of being offended by their language, Ugandans should be offended by the president's failure to keep their promises, including a pledge to provide free sanitary pads for poor girls so they don't have to skip school.
Nyanzi's lawyer, Nicholas Opiyo, said they told them that prison authorities tried to trick them into taking a psychiatric test shortly after they were arrested.
They said that two men presenting themselves as ordinary doctors were from a government mental hospital. Opiyo said they could identify them by name.
They (the government) do not want to go to trial," they said. "They just want to de-legitimise Stella, characterise them as a fool, a mad person ... and confine them to a mental hospital."
During their court hearing on Monday, prosecutors had asked for an evaluation of their mental health, which they refused.
Frank Baine, a spokesperson for Uganda Prisons department, denied that the two men were mental health specialists. The medical exam was "a routine medical exam that every new inmate undergoes to avoid risks of spreading infection," they said.
International rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have called for Nyanzi's release.
(Reporting by Elias Biryabarema, editing by Larry King)
Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban looks up during a plenary session at the European Parliament (EP) in Brussels, Belgium April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Vidal
BRUSSELS Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban told leaders of their centre-right EU political group on Saturday that they would comply with demands from Brussels to change measures branded an attack on academic freedom, the party said.
Orban himself, speaking in Hungarian to domestic television viewers, insisted they were not climbing down and said they would "negotiate" with the EU executive in the coming months and "implement the final result".
"Nobody will set conditions for Hungary," they told Hungarian reporters at a news conference on Saturday.
The apparent easing of tensions with Budapest came as EU national leaders met in Brussels to demonstrate unity ahead of Brexit negotiations. They agreed formal guidelines for those talks with Britain without further discussion.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is also part of the conservative bloc, said actions would speak louder than words.
"For me, and I believe this is also the case for the Commission, what matters are the actual results," they told a news conference after the Brussels summit.
Orban, in power since 2010, has regularly bashed the EU and is accused in Brussels along with leaders of some other ex-communist countries such as Poland, of willingly accepting EU funds, while rejecting EU values or a share of refugees. According to the European People's Party (EPP), they were in more of an appeasing mood on Saturday.
"Prime Minister Orban committed themselves in the EPP council to follow and implement all the demands of the European Commission within the deadline set by the Commission," Siegfried Muresan, EPP spokesperson, told reporters after Orban was grilled by fellow party leaders.
On Wednesday, the EU executive gave Budapest a month to adapt a higher education law passed on April 4, saying it was not compatible with fundamental European freedoms.
EPP President Joseph Daul, whose group has considered in the past suspending Orban's ruling Fidesz party over concerns about its respect for democratic values, said Orban had reassured the party that Hungary would comply with the Commission request.
Orban, who in common with other Eastern European leaders is anxious to show voters that they have not swapped half a century of rule from Moscow for diktat from Brussels, defended themselves in the European Parliament on Wednesday.
They condemned their former ally in opposing Communist control in Hungary, Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros, as a "speculator". The Soros-backed Central European University in Budapest has said the new law is aimed at closing it down as part of a plan to discourage liberal thought.
"The measures in Budapest are not acceptable. Academic freedom must be guaranteed," Manfred Weber, the EPP's leader in the European Parliament, said after Saturday's meeting.
Poland also faces complaints from the EU executive that it is breaching standards which others see as fundamental to the idea of the European Union and defying the bloc's rules.
(Additional reporting by Gergely Szakacs; Editing by Jan Strupczewski and Ros Russell)
March 29 Enerchina Holdings Ltd
* FY revenue HK$58.1 million versus HK$53.4 million
* FY loss for year attributable to owners of company HK$942 million versus profit of HK$ 713.1 million
* No dividend was declared or proposed by company during year ended 31 December 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Guangzhou Improve Medical Instruments Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 0 percent to 20 percent, or to be 5.8 million yuan to 7.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (7.2 million yuan)
* Says decreased investment revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VZsfgB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Max Gaudet and the Kelowna Chiefs will close out their pre-Christmas schedule this weekend with two games on the road. -Image: Marissa Tiel/Black Press
The Kelowna Chiefs will close out their KIJHL pre-Christmas schedule with three straight games on the road.
On Friday, Jason Tansem's club will visit the Chase Heat, followed by a stop in Armstrong Saturday to battle the North Okanagan Knights.
Then on Friday, Dec. 22 the Chiefs and Knights will meet again at the Nor Val Centre.
Kelowna's next home action is Friday, Jan. 5 against the Osoyoos Coyotes.
The Chiefs snapped (13-12-1-2) a four-game losing streak on Saturday at Rutland Arena with a 9-4 victory over the 100 Mile House Wranglers.
Captain Brett Witala led the Chiefs with two goals and two assists, while Juanre Naude scored twice and Zach Erhardt added a goal and three assists. Ethan Hunt stopped 30 shots in the Kelowna net for their second win of the season.
Witala, 20, who returned to the lineup after missing three weeks with a hand injury, also scored twice on Friday night in 7-4 loss to the hometown Revelstoke Grizzlies.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
TRIPOLI May 3 Rival Libyan camps issued separate statements on Wednesday promising to calm tensions in southern Libya and fight terrorism, but offering no shared way forward for a political deal to unify the North African country.
The statements came a day after intense diplomatic pressure resulted in a meeting in Abu Dhabi between eastern-based commander Khalifa Haftar and the head of the U.N.-backed government in Tripoli, Fayez Seraj.
Haftar is the key figure for eastern factions that, frustrating international efforts to end Libya's conflict, spurned Seraj's Government of National Accord (GNA) after it was established in the capital last year.
There was no mention in the statement from Seraj of plans reported by pro-Haftar media on Tuesday to restructure the unity government's leadership and hold fresh elections next year.
A source close to the GNA leadership said the two sides had initially tried to agree on a joint statement before deciding to issue separate declarations.
Conflicting accounts of initial agreements and leaks of documents neither side signed have in the past confused international mediation and negotiations to end the conflict in Libya, which fell into factional fighting in the years after a 2011 civil war ousted Muammar Gaddafi. (Reporting by Aidan Lewis in Tunis, Ahmed Elumami in Tripoli and Ayman al-Warfalli in Benghazi; editing by Patrick Markey and John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
THE North Burnett Regional Council has donated a $10,000 fuel card to RACQ LifeFlight Rescue to help save more lives in the North Burnett region.
RACQ LifeFlight Rescue Bundaberg-based pilot Rowan Scholes, together with air-crewman Shayne White, attended a ceremony today at the council's chambers in Gayndah and gratefully accepted the donation on behalf of the rescue service.
The council have been long-time supporters of the charity organisation, contributing more than $50,000 worth of funding over five years of loyal support.
The fuel card will allow RACQ LifeFlight Rescue to access a new, 24-hour, all-weather fuel pump based at the recently refurbished Gayndah Aerodrome, a key refuelling station for aeromedical rescue services and allows RACQ LifeFlight Rescue helicopters to fly long range missions to assist patients across remote Queensland locations.
The fuel card donation is the first of its kind from the council and will make a lifesaving difference in time-critical missions and bad weather, helping to reduce the total mission travel time.
April 28 Orchid Island Capital Inc-
* Orchid Island Capital Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $500 million - sec filing
* Orchid Island Capital Inc - in addition, selling stockholders may offer up to 1.5 million shares of co's common Source text: (bit.ly/2qoeEmj) Further company coverage:
ZAGREB Heavily-indebted Croatian food group Agrokor [AGROK.UL] has secured an initial cash injection of 80 million euros (67.98 million pounds) which will be used to repay some of its local suppliers.
The company, Croatia's largest private firm and the biggest employer in the Balkan region, handed control to the state under an emergency law last week after almost collapsing under debt.
The liquidity boost is below a targeted 150 million euros, but Agrokor's crisis manager Ante Ramljak said it would be enough for the company to repay some of its debts and operate normally for the next 30 days.
"We will use that time to negotiate a further loan and for that we will talk to a number of potential creditors," they said.
Ramljak said the initial liquidity boost, likely to be signed on Thursday, was secured with five local banks. Russia's two top banks and Agrokor's major creditors, Sberbank (SBER.MM) and VTB (VTBR.MM), opted out as their conditions for seniority status in a previous loan could not be accommodated.
"Dealing with that would consume time which we don't have as we wanted to secure initial liquidity quickly. From next week we will certainly continue to talk to creditors, including Sberbank and VTB," Ramljak said.
Sberbank and VTB provided Agrokor with a 100 million euro loan around a month ago.
Ramljak said on Tuesday that Agrokor would need some 450 million euros to operate normally in the next 10 months, during which time the company will be restructured.
Agrokor's debts totalled around 45 billion kuna (5.14 billion pounds), or six times its equity, according to data from last September, although sources familiar with the situation believe debt has risen further in the last six months.
(Reporting by Igor Ilic; editing by Susan Thomas)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - EMPERIA HOLDING SA:
* ITS UNIT‘S, STOKROTKA, JAN. PRELIM REVENUE FROM SALES OF GOODS AT 212 MILLION ZLOTYS, UP AROUND 13 PERCENT YOY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Member for Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson said input from industry representatives would be valuable to the successful delivery of the ex-navy ship as a world-class dive wreck.
Member for Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson said input from industry representatives would be valuable to the successful delivery of the ex-navy ship as a world-class dive wreck. Mike Knott
A PANEL of experts will provide advice on the dive design of ex-HMAS Tobruk before they are scuttled and transformed into a world-class dive site.
Member for Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson said the search was on for local industry representatives to provide input help prepare the ex-navy ship as a dive wreck.
"We are seeking advice from local industry representatives who have knowledge and experience, and who are willing to contribute their expertise to help make this a great dive attraction,” Ms Donaldson said.
"To provide an interesting dive experience items will be identified to be kept on board the ship to become part of the wreck once they have been scuttled.
"We want to ensure that the legacy of this ship is maintained for generations of divers to explore for years to come.”
Ms Donaldson said the ex-HMAS Tobruk project was on track, with contractors opening up the internals of the ship and preparing to strip hazardous materials.
"Part of the preparation phase is to remove all hazardous materials from the ship to make sure it is safe for divers and the environment,” they said.
"This work is on track and visitors will be able to see the works going on from the shoreline of Bundaberg Port within the coming weeks.
"We're excited to be able to share the transformation of ex-HMAS Tobruk with the community.”
Email ArtificialReefs@npsr.qld. gov.au for information on how to apply.
Applications to be on the panel must be submitted by 2pm on Tuesday.
May 2 The following are the 20 top-selling vehicles in the U.S. in April as reported by the automakers and ranked by total units. Top 20 selling vehicles in U.S. in April RANK VEHICLE April 2017 April 2016 PCT CHNG 1 Ford F-Series P/U 70,657 70,774 -0.2 2 Ram P/U 43,321 40,264 +7.6 3 Chevy Silverado-C/K P/U 40,154 49,990 -19.7 4 Honda CR-V 32,671 28,913 +13.0 5 Toyota RAV4 31,757 30,152 +5.3 6 Toyota Camry 31,428 34,039 -7.7 7 Honda Civic 31,211 35,331 -11.7 8 Toyota Corolla 31,104 33,653 -7.6 9 Nissan Rogue 27,386 23,173 +18.2 10 Honda Accord 26,938 31,526 -14.6 11 Ford Escape 25,637 23,920 +7.2 12 Chevrolet Cruze 21,317 14,153 +50.6 13 Chevrolet Equinox 20,655 20,607 +0.2 14 Nissan Altima 20,263 28,484 -28.9 15 Nissan Sentra 20,255 19,145 +5.8 16 Ford Explorer 19,771 20,283 -2.5 17 Jeep Grand Cherokee 18,877 17,768 +6.2 18 Jeep Wrangler 18,841 18,840 +0.0 19 Toyota Highlander 17,981 15,037 +19.6 20 GMC Sierra P/U 17,400 20,531 -15.3 Top 20 selling vehicles in U.S. through April RANK VEHICLE YTD 2017 YTD 2016 PCT CHNG 1 Ford F-Series P/U 275,938 256,895 +7.4 2 Chevy Silverado-C/K P/U 168,621 178,955 -5.8 3 Ram P/U 162,520 153,562 +5.8 4 Nissan Rogue 128,807 92,209 +39.7 5 Honda CR-V 126,728 100,101 +26.6 6 Toyota Camry 114,887 130,284 -11.8 7 Honda Civic 112,865 122,634 -8.0 8 Toyota Corolla 112,539 122,139 -7.9 9 Toyota RAV4 112,290 106,274 +5.7 10 Ford Escape 101,975 95,514 +6.8 11 Honda Accord 96,753 108,599 -10.9 12 Nissan Altima 94,248 113,816 -17.2 13 Chevrolet Equinox 83,364 80,486 +3.6 14 Jeep Grand Cherokee 75,477 65,426 +15.4 15 Chevrolet Cruze 75,240 51,394 +46.4 16 Ford Explorer 74,442 76,168 -2.3 17 Nissan Sentra 71,669 82,089 -12.7 18 Hyundai Elantra 70,548 51,724 +36.4 19 Ford Fusion 67,483 95,724 -29.5 20 GMC Sierra P/U 67,210 71,662 -6.2 (Compiled by Bengaluru Newsroom)
iCloud Drive is Apple's essential connection between all your devices, Mac, iPhone, iPad, even your Windows PC. While it is expensive in comparison to other online storage services it works natively across all your devices, so you should know how to get the best out of it.
How iCloud Drive works
You can store documents, keep files and folders up-to-date across all your devices, work on items and access them from anywhere using iCloud Drive. Changes applied to a copy of a file on one device will automatically sync across all your other systems.
iCloud Drive is a real file system, so you can create and save items to your own self-created folders, which useful if you work across multiple devices. (You must use a Mac to create your own folders).
If you use iCloud Drive across multiple Macs then changes made to the Documents and Desktop files on both Macs will sync. The Mac you activate last will create its own folder for the contents of its Documents and Desktop, and this will also sync.
Setup iCloud Drive
iCloud Drive is automatically setup on any current Apple device running the latest operating system. (More information is available here).
Apple's macOS Sierra will automatically save files saved to your Desktop and Documents folders to iCloud, making all these files available across all your devices.
That's useful but will eat your online drive capacity, particularly as (at 5GB) Apple still doesn't provide sufficient free drive space.
You can buy more storage if you like, or disable the feature in System Preferences>iCloud>iCloud Drive Options – Uncheck Desktop & Documents folders at the top of the list.
Hint: iCloud Drive will sync data using your mobile connection unless you tell it not to do so. That's fine if you can afford the data, but (particularly) if you travel abroad you may want to disable this. To do so open Settings>iCloud> iCloud Drive and at the bottom of the next page toggle ‘Use Cellular Data' to Off (it's Green – On – by default).
Online and on device
If you use Desktop & Documents then you will find everything you file there on iCloud Drive on your Mac or iOS device.
You can also access these files online through your account at www.icloud.com, which means these files can easily be edited on a Windows PC.
Windows
Apple also offers iCloud for Windows, which makes photos, videos, mail, files, and bookmarks are accessible on both your Windows PC and iOS devices. Any changes you make on any of these files on any device, online, Windows or Mac, will be replicated across all your other devices. Files over 15GB in size are not supported.
Hint: You can also access these files from a Mac that is not running macOS Sierra. Open a new Finder menu, click the Go menu item and select iCloud Drive. If you work on files don't forget to manually save those changes to the iCloud Drive, as they will not save automatically as they do on macOS.
iCloud Drive FAQs
Controlling apps
Many third-party apps want to use iCloud Drive to store their own data. This is useful for some apps you plan to use across all your systems, but may not always be what you want. To control which apps can store data to your online drive:
On iOS: Open Settings>iCloud>iCloud Drive and switch any app you don't want to access your drive off (toggle to white).
On Mac: System Preferences>iCloud> choose iCloud Drive Options.. and uncheck the apps you don't want to support.
Time Zones
If you notice that emails and calendar entries have begun showing the wrong time zones its possible your account settings are incorrect.
To check, login to your account online at www.icloud.com and tap Settings. At the top of the next page you should see Time Zone/Region which should state where you are. If it does not you can change this and the time zone problem will be resolved across all your devices.
Reclaim deleted files
If you accidentally delete something stored on iCloud Drive you can easily get it back again from iCloud.com. All you need to do is login to the account, check Settings>Advanced and click Restore Files. Wait a few moments and you will be presented with a list of files that you have previously deleted in the Restore Files window. Tick the box beside the file(s) you want to restore and tap Done. Files are only available in this way for 30-days.
Version conflict
If you have files open on two devices at once modifications made on one device may be out of sync. iCloud Drive should warn you when this kind of version conflict takes place. When it do you can double-clock a version's thumbnail to see its contents, and delete the other one.
I do hope this report helps you get more out of using iCloud Drive on your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or Windows PC.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story?Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.
OTTAWA May 3 Toronto home prices and new listings surged in April from a year earlier while sales fell, the Toronto Real Estate Board said on Wednesday, suggesting the market may be starting to rebalance after new housing rules were put it place amid fears of a bubble in Canada's largest city.
The industry group said the average home price rose 31.7 percent in April from a year earlier, while new listings rose 33.6 percent and sales dipped 3.2 percent.
Toronto is the capital of the province of Ontario, which announced a foreign buyers tax late in April in a move expected to dampen demand.
"It was encouraging to see a very strong year-over-year increase in new listings. If new listings growth continues to outpace sales growth moving forward, we will start to see more balanced market conditions," said Jason Mercer, TREB's director of market analysis.
"It will likely take a number of months to unwind the substantial pent-up demand that has built over the past two years. Expect annual rates of price growth to remain well above the rate of inflation as we move through the spring and summer months," they added. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins Editing by W Simon)
LONDON Arsene Wenger believes Arsenal will remain the major force in north London even if Tottenham Hotspur overturn decades of dominance to finish above the Gunners in the Premier League this season.
Arsenal have never ended below Tottenham in Wenger's 21 years at the club although the gap has been narrowing, and last season they only leapfrogged Spurs into second spot on the final day of the season.
Victory at White Hart Lane on Sunday would almost certainly ensure that second-placed Spurs finish above Arsenal for the first time since 1995, but Wenger said a one-off achievement could not outweigh a long run of success.
"Let's be honest, I've answered that question about a shift in power over (many) ...years," they told British media on Friday. "Nothing changes in that.
"Do Spurs have to do more over a long period of time? I think so. You cannot say that the weight of one year has the weight of 20....
"For the pride and the continuity or our achievements, yes we want to fight to be in front of Spurs. (But) we have to focus on what is really important to us at this moment, which is to finish in the top four."
The Tottenham-Arsenal derby is one of fiercest in English football with less than five miles separating the clubs who first played each other in 1887. Arsenal have posted 80 victories to Tottenham's 61, with 51 matches drawn.
Wenger suggested another victory for their team on Sunday might even kick-start a winning run towards a third-placed finish in the league.
But they acknowledged that Spurs, 14 points and four places above their side, would start as favourites as they seek a ninth successive league win.
Victory would also silence talk among Arsenal supporters of St Totteringham's Day, the moment each season when they celebrate the mathematical certainty of finishing above Spurs.
"It is certainly one of the few times where, if you look at people's opinions, Spurs are favourites," said Wenger.
"I think we have shown persistence, tenacity and desire to win and keep going at any cost. You could see what it means to the squad when we scored against Leicester (in midweek). These qualities will of course be very important."
Wenger reported positive injury news on Friday with defender Laurent Koscielny likely to return and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who missed the midweek 1-0 victory, definitely fit.
"He will be fit enough to start because it was more precautionary to leave them on the bench (against Leicester)," said Wenger. "I didn't want to take the gamble with him."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by John Stonestreet)
* HK, Singapore wealth managers may have to disclose fund fees
* Potential new rules to hit smaller wealth managers most
* Move follows initiatives by some Western nations' regulators
By Saikat Chatterjee and Sumeet Chatterjee
HONG KONG, April 13 Hong Kong and Singapore are set to launch new disclosure rules for wealth managers on what they are paid by funds to sell their products, moves aimed at revealing conflicts of interest but which could disrupt a business that generates billions of dollars in fees.
Regulators in the two main Asian wealth hubs are framing rules that will make such disclosures mandatory, people with direct knowledge of the matter said. Wealth managers in the two centres generally don't disclose the overall revenues they make from recommending funds to clients.
The moves could upend the existing fee-sharing model between the funds industry and wealth managers as clients may increase scrutiny of the products they buy to discern any conflicts of interest.
It may lead to a drop in fees from such deals and could even make clients bypass wealth managers altogether and source products directly from fund managers, with smaller wealth managers most vulnerable because their revenue mainly comes from selling third-party products to clients, analysts say.
"The increased transparency will allow investors to have much clearer visibility of how much money investment advisers make from fund managers for distributing their products, and investors may think more carefully before buying a fund," said Karen Man, partner at law firm Baker McKenzie.
"It will likely increase competition for all the players, and mainly the smaller ones, who may depend on product distribution as a principal source of revenue," said Man, who focuses on financial service regulation.
Assets of the 20 largest private banks in Asia rose by 6 percent last year to a record $1.6 trillion, according to data from industry tracker Asian Private Banker. The bulk of the assets in the region are invested in the equity markets directly or via funds, making it lucrative for the wealth managers to earn fees on sale of those products.
The wealth managers get a cut of 0.5 percent to as much as 6.0 percent of the management fees charged by investment firms on the assets clients put into funds. They also get the so-called trailer fee, which is money paid to them annually as long as clients hold the investment products in their portfolios.
CONSULTATION PAPER
The moves by Hong Kong and Singapore to increase disclosure follow similar initiatives by regulators of some Western nations after investors faced hefty losses on structured products linked to the collapse of Lehman Brothers.
Defaults of some illiquid, high-yielding bonds in Singapore last year also cast the spotlight on the role of wealth managers in "pushing" the products, the sources said.
Hong Kong's Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) received industry feedback on fee disclosures earlier this year in response to a consultation paper. The paper argued that fee disclosures would make it easier for clients to spot potential instances of conflicts, and lead to lower fees in the long run.
"Based on a preliminary review, the responses received are generally supportive of our proposal to enhance disclosure with comments on the suggested manner of disclosure," SFC said in an emailed response to Reuters, adding it will issue conclusions on the consultation after a detailed review.
The Monetary Authority of Singapore said that "work is under way to require trailer fees to be disclosed in the Product Highlight Sheet."
For the smaller wealth managers in Asia, the disclosure requirements could come at a particularly tough time as they are already reeling from higher costs and cutthroat competition.
As a result, many smaller Western wealth managers have shut shop, despite Asia-Pacific being the fastest growing wealth region in the world with nearly 5 million individuals having $1 million in liquid assets.
Andrew Hendry, director at Hong-Kong based Westoun Advisors, said the potential fee disclosure rules could make clients approach fund houses directly and cut out wealth managers.
"We are starting to see a lot of negotiations in the fee sharing space," they said.
Clients of wealth managers, however, back the proposed changes.
"Since the Lehman mini-bond debacle, wealth managers have become more careful of stuffing unwanted products down clients' throats for fees and this new push to transparency is welcome," said a client of a European private bank in Hong Kong.
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Saikat Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Anshuman Daga in SINGAPORE; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday "totally vindicates" them in the Russia probe.
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation "an American disgrace."
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Ekiti State Governor, Mr Ayodele Fayose has described as absurd, claim by the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed that looters have resorted to burying stolen funds in their backyards, deep forests and burial grounds, saying; “Looters in the Muhammadu Buhari's Presidency, especially those being compensated for funding the election of the President in 2015 bury their own loots in the Villa with Presidential protection,
The governor asked; “Should it be wrong for other supposed looters that do not have presidential protection like the Progressives Congress (APC) looters to bury their loots in burial grounds probably
for spiritual protection?”
In a statement issued on Monday by their Special Assistant on Public Communications and New Media, Lere Olayinka, the governor said “Nigerians can no longer be fooled with stage-managed loots
recoveries, with no traceable owners (looters), especially when the loots are traceable to close associates of the president and their cabinet members.
They said; “Obviously, this so-called anti-corruption war has become a laughing stock with N49 million found in Kaduna Airport, N448 million discovered in a shop at Victoria Island, Lagos and N13 billion found in Ikoyi, Lagos neither having owners nor the identities of owners of the properties where the money was found known.”
Governor Fayose maintained that “It is either the money belongs to members of Buhari's government or it is being planted by the government to sustain its fake anti-corruption fight in the minds of
the people.”
They said; “Enough of stage-managed and fake anti-corruption war aimed solely at opposition figures, especially presidential hopefuls in the 2019 election.”
The governor noted that two different laws were now being operated in the country, with one law for the APC and those who decamp to the party and the other for the opposition, especially those perceived as having presidential ambition.
“The narrative they push daily is that only those in their government are saints while other Nigerians, including those in the National Assembly, Judiciary, opposition politicians and the civil servants are
rogues while only Buhari's appointees are saints.
“To worsen matters, the cluelessness of the APC government in the last two years has plunged the country into debt without anything to show.
“The cabals in the Presidency are also taking advantage of the President's state of health, which is as a result of their age to oppress Nigerians.
“Nigerians must therefore keep their eyes on the ball and not be carried away by the orchestrated distractions aimed at preventing them from seeing how the APC led government has failed woefully.”
They called on the international community to hold Nigeria accountable on the recovered N13 billion cash found in that Ikoyi, Lagos apartment saying; “this must not be swept under the carpet.”
Dallas Mavericks guard J.J. Barea (5) is overtaken by New Orleans Pelicans guard Jrue Holiday (11) during the fourth quarter of their game on Saturday, January 2, 2016 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
The Mavs are searching for an answer at point guard and Jrue Holiday is reportedly in the running to fill that spot.
According to Jake Fischer of Sports Illustrated, Holiday and their brother, Justin, are "serious contenders" to sign with the Mavericks. It wouldn't be completely unfamiliar for the Holiday family with Justin playing with Harrison Barnes in Golden State during their 2015 championship season. They averaged 4.3 points and 1.2 rebounds in 59 games for the Warriors that season. They were most recently with the New York Knicks last season.
Jrue Holiday is the player that is sure to open a few more eyes for Mavs fans. They spent their first four years with the Philadelphia 76ers and the last four in New Orleans with the Pelicans. They were an All-Star in 2013.
Fischer also reported that the two brothers have strong interest in playing together.
April 3 Canada's SNC-Lavalin Group Inc has offered to buy British engineering and consultancy firm WS Atkins for 2,080 pence per share, Atkins said on Monday.
The all-cash offer represents 35 percent premium to Atkins' Friday close at 1,540 pence.
"The board of Atkins has indicated to SNC-Lavalin that the possible offer would deliver value to Atkins shareholders at a level that the Board would be prepared to recommend, subject to reaching agreement on the other terms and conditions of the offer," Atkins said in a statement. (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely)
April 13 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** BlackBerry Ltd's shares rose 15 per cent on Wednesday after a surprise announcement that it had won back hundreds of millions in patent royalty payments in an arbitrated settlement with semiconductor giant Qualcomm Inc. The windfall will be added to the company's C$1.2 billion ($906.62 million) in cash. tgam.ca/2o9NMow
** The Ontario Securities Commission has accused fund manager Ben Cheng and three other Bay Street players of securities-law violations in connection with a leaked takeover offer in 2014 by online gambling company Amaya Inc. tgam.ca/2o9RDC4
** A U.S. coal mine and health-care executive, Tom Clarke, who bid for U.S. Steel Canada Inc is trying to make a bid for Essar Steel Algoma Inc with the backing of the United Steelworkers union. tgam.ca/2o9NXjJ
** Canada is warning the Trump administration that a Buy American requirement for new oil and gas pipelines would break international trade law and hurt business on both sides of the border. tgam.ca/2o9ZYpz
NATIONAL POST
** The Alberta Investment Management Corp is demanding local drilling company Savanna Energy Services Corp to immediately repay C$111 million ($83.86 million) in loans and fees, which is pressuring the company to refinance its debt while in the middle of a takeover. bit.ly/2o9D1mi
** Cheesecake Factory Inc announced on Wednesday that it would open its first restaurant north of the border this fall, at Toronto's Yorkdale Shopping Centre. bit.ly/2o9KtxE
** Northern Dynasty Mineral Ltd stock jumped as much as 32 percent on Wednesday after the company received a crucial permit from the Alaska government that could see its Pebble project clear a 10-year-long development hurdle. bit.ly/2o9OZfB
** Canadian oilfield services companies, which bore the brunt of the two-year downturn in crude oil prices, are reporting higher prices, buoyant business activity and robust bookings for the remainder of the year. bit.ly/2o9TXJf
($1 = 1.3236 Canadian dollars) (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
Only one in five children's playgrounds in the lower North Island have drinking fountains, say researchers concerned about access to drinking water in public places.
Drinking fountain (file picture). Source: istock.com
As the country emerges from the recent heatwave, Otago University researchers have revealed the results of their survey of drinking fountains from Gisborne down to Wellington.
They looked at 54 children's playgrounds and found only 11 had drinking fountains. Eight of the 17 councils had no fountains in any of the playgrounds looked at, while only one council had fountains in each playground.
Professor Nick Wilson, in the study published in the New Zealand Medical Journal on Friday, says in the era of climate change awareness, drinking water is an important civic investment.
"Good access to drinking water in outdoor public places is also becoming recognised internationally as a health issue, due to the need to provide healthy options in contrast to sugary drinks, which contribute to obesity and rotten teeth," they said.
Wellington City Council Deputy Mayor Jill Day says the reality is that council has worked hard to make sure there are water fountains at the many public locations around the city where Wellingtonians like to spend their time.
"However, last year we also recognised in our play spaces policy that installing drinking water at or near our community and destination play areas should be considered when undertaking development."
Council are in the process of installing five fountains, which are not specifically just near playgrounds, but at the waterfront and in Waitangi Park to cater for everyone.
Meanwhile, researchers found in their study that the fountain quality varied greatly. Three fountains had discolouration around the drinking nozzle.
Some fountains did not properly collect the waste water from the drinking nozzles and some did not have suitable surfaces for the water to drain away, resulting in soft, wet or muddy ground.
"We even found a fountain with grass growing out of the drainage sink part," Prof Wilson said.
There appeared to be a need for a systematic requirement for drinking water in public places, they said.
Councils also needed to ensure they maintained, repaired and replaced drinking fountains.
Akira Tozawa defeated Neville to become the new WWE Cruiserweight Champion on tonight's RAW from the TD Garden in Boston. The match was originally announced for Sunday's SummerSlam pay-per-view but was just moved up this afternoon.
This is Tozawa's first WWE title run since signing with the company last year for the Cruiserweight Classic and the RAW cruiserweight division. Neville won the Cruiserweight Title at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view on January 29th.
Below are photos and videos from tonight's match:
?? of the Cruiserweights @WWENeville has a bone to pick with the officiating as this #Cruiserweight Title match rolls on... #RAW #205Live pic.twitter.com/pjABNhBpSB — 205Live (@WWE205Live) August 15, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Melbourne Storm utility back Young Tonumaipea will quit the NRL club in July to follow their faith and become a missionary.
Storm player Young Tonumaipea in action against the New Zealand Warriors. Source: Photosport
Tonumaipea, a devout Christian, told their teammates of their plans to embark on the two-year mission and will leave after the State of Origin period.
The 25-year old premiership player will travel to Germany in July where they will teach their faith and conduct service in communities.
The Victorian has played 40 games for Melbourne since making their first-grade debut and has been a trailblazer for the game in the state.
Tonumaipea became just the second Victorian to pull on the Storm jersey back in 2014, developing through the club's underage age systems.
They have also represented their native Samoa at international level on five occasions, culminating at last year's Rugby League World Cup.
"As I have matured I've come to learn that football is not everything in my life," Tonumaipea said.
ASTANA May 3 Kazakhstan, which hosts peace talks on the Syrian crisis, expects the Syrian armed opposition to return to the table on Thursday, a Kazakh Foreign Ministry official said on Wednesday.
"I hope that tomorrow the opposition will again take part (in the talks)," Aidarbek Tumatov, a department chief at the ministry, told reporters in the Kazakh capital.
The Syrian armed opposition said on Wednesday it had suspended its participation in the talks on settling the Syrian crisis being held in the Kazakh capital Astana, demanding an end to government bombardment of the areas under its control. (Reporting by Olzhas Auyezov; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Maria Kiselyova)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
THE total bids in the weekly term deposit facility (TDF) auction Wednesday reflected the market preference for the seven-day TDF ahead of a decision by the US central bank on interest rates.
Out of the P180-billion offer, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) awarded more than P135 billion.
Bids for the seven-day tenor were oversubscribed at P64.74 billion, prompting the BSP to fully award the P40 billion offers.
But the 28-day TDF was undersubscribed anew, attracting only P95.67 billion. The BSP awarded only P95.27 billion against the P140 billion weekly offers.
The interest rate for the seven-day facility slipped to 3.0648 from 3.0978, while the yield for the 28-day TDF rose to 3.4882 from 3.4814 percent.
“The auction results show banks' continued preference to stay at the shorter end of the curve in anticipation of the Fed meeting this week, with the oversubscription of the 7-day term deposits,” outgoing BSP Governor Amando Tetangco Jr. said in a text message to reporters.
The Federal Reserve is scheduled to release its policy decision on Wednesday (Thursday in Manila) at the conclusion of a two-day meeting.
Tetangco said the demand for the 28-day TDF decreased as trust units will no longer be able to take part in the TDF auction by June 30.
The Monetary Board set a June 30 deadline for trust entities to stop accessing the TDF and the overnight deposit facility. The move was part of efforts to discourage participants from using the TDF as an investment facility.
Tetangco said the BSP is not considering adjusting the P140-billion TDF volume, but will continue to review the weekly offer.
“So there's a continuing review. At this point in time, the conclusion is that the amount continues to be appropriate but they can change depending on liquidity conditions of the system,” they said.
“Overall system liquidity appears adequate,” they added.
BRIEF-Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.02 yuan per share (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Gareth Southgate praised their young team for creating “their own history” after England triumphed in a penalty shootout for the first time at the World Cup and secured passage into a quarter-final against Sweden on Saturday at the expense of Colombia.
Jordan Pickford's stunning left-handed save denied Carlos Bacca's fifth attempt in the penalties – the first an England goalkeeper has mustered in a shootout since David Seaman in 1998 – with Eric Dier earning England a first knockout success in 12 years by converting their side's last spot-kick. Sweden awaits in Samara but the tournament's least experienced side will travel south with confidence considerably bolstered.
“For the belief of this group of players, and groups of players to come, it was a really important moment,” Southgate said. “Not just winning the shootout but having to suffer at the end of the game in a stadium that was five to one Colombian fans and felt like an away fixture. To come through all of that – we've spoken to the players about writing their own stories. Tonight they showed they don't have to conform to what's gone before. They have created their own history, and I don't want to go home yet.
“Missing my penalty [At Euro 96]will never be ‘off my back', sadly. That's something that will live with me for ever. But today is a special moment for this team. It'll hopefully give belief to the generations of players that will follow. We always have to believe in what is possible in life and not be hindered by history or expectations. These young players are showing that. I'm already thinking about Sweden, a team I respect hugely. We've always underestimated them, and we don't have a good record against them, but they have a clear way of playing and it's bloody difficult to play against. But what a game to look forward to.”
Southgate suggested the post-match dressing room had resembled “a scene from M*A*S*H” with Kyle Walker, Ashley Young and Jamie Vardy all nursing injuries, and Harry Kane suffering from cramp. They will be assessed back in Repino on Thursday as preparations begin for the quarter-final. While that is a concern, the management still departed heartened from the resilience and discipline displayed by their young team, not least in their reluctance to rise to Colombia's provocation during the 120 minutes.
The referee, Mark Geiger, had struggled to retain control. José Pekerman, Colombia's coach, suggested England had been guilty of as many offences as their own team, yet Southgate, whose side have been awarded three penalties in their four games, had spied a refreshingly streetwise approach from their men. “Maybe we're getting a bit smarter,” they said. “Maybe we're playing our game more by the rules the rest of the world are playing. But we kept our dignity and our sportsmanship, and if we were down it was because we were fouled.
“I thought there were many, many fouls in the game. I don't think we conceded anywhere near the number as our opponents. But there we go. I'm proud of the discipline. I thought we kept our composure in a really difficult environment, and we deserved to win.
“We now move forward to a game that will really challenge us in a completely different way. We have fantastic supporters who've had to stand with us through decades of disappointment. I'm extremely proud that our team have made everyone in England very happy for tonight and the next few days. That's a very special moment for us and our country.”
Kane, who became the first England player to score in six successive games since Tommy Lawton in 1939 after winning and converting a second-half spot-kick, pointed to the fillip such a dramatic win could have on the group. “We'd spoken a lot about being an inexperienced and young team, but we grew up a lot on that pitch,” they said. “There were mixed emotions, highs and lows, even in the penalty shootout. We were behind and wanting Jordan to save one, and they did. It showed our mentality. England haven't done great in the past in that, but that'll give us huge belief as a team moving forward now.
“We've ticked a lot of boxes here so far. Can we qualify through the group? Yes, we did that quite comfortably. Then can we win a knockout game? Can we win a shootout? This will give us more belief than ever, and the fans more belief than ever back home. We're enjoying it, they're enjoying it. We're just looking forward to the next one.” – Guardian service
SANTA CLARA — Through all the turbulence of this 2016 season, the 49ers locker room has been Chip Kelly's safe haven.
There were hugs and a few tears shed Sunday between the head coach and their players, after San Francisco wrapped up its worst season in 13 years. The 49ers legitimately loved Kelly, a complete 180-degree turns from their days in Philadelphia.
One by one, the 49ers three biggest teams leaders — Torrey Smith, NaVorro Bowman and Joe Staley — stood up and faced the music after a Week 17 loss and a 2-14 season. Minutes earlier, Kelly went through the motions of a postgame press conference, legitimately acting as if their firing was not imminent.
For as staunchly as these players defended Kelly in their final days, and as much as they'll miss their relaxed style of coaching, there was no outspoken bitterness from the players on Jed York's decision to fire the head coach after just one season.
“He's a good dude, man, but I understand the business side of it,” Smith said, who has missed the last three games with a concussion. “I think he's a good coach, I think he's a better person. But that's how this business goes. Plenty of good people are in tough spots. When we lose and have a season like we had, changes are made, or can be made. That's coaching to players to all of us. We're all apart of the problem.”
In a clever PR tactic, the 49ers opened the locker room and had Bowman speak right away, while other younger players — who were more likely to mouth-off — snuck out the back door. Bowman carried a similar message to Smith, and was asked if the locker room was upset that Kelly would be leaving.
“I'm sure they are,” Bowman said. “We've stuck together throughout this whole season. Going to work, being who we are every single day. Chip's stayed focused. (He) never mentioned anything like this was coming up. They were being a complete professional is really what's taken place throughout this season.
“To be going through so many (coaches) in such a short time, it's tough. So you have to be a professional and understand that's a part of this lifestyle.”
Staley said they heard of all the reports the night before the game. They also remember walking into the locker room earlier this month and barely recognizing half of the faces because of all the injuries.
The left tackle admirably pointed the finger at themselves for some of the failures of this season.
“Me personally, there has to be more leadership,” Staley said. “There's got to be more accountability. Meeting rooms, on-field, those are things that I, being a veteran player, being the oldest guy on this team, that I have to focus in on this offseason and do a better job being a leader, being vocal, step out of my comfort zone a little bit. That's something I'll focus on and do better for this football team.”
Smith left us with this parting note:
“It's not my position to say it's too many changes,” Smith said. “I think it's one of them things where you try to get it right. Like in terms of receivers, myself, like the team is going to try and get a receiver, that's doing it right. That's how the business goes, it's not just the 49ers.”
“It's a bummer,” Staley said. “Really this whole season has been a bummer.”
These are the 49ers three leaders: A 32-year-old left tackle, a wrecking-ball middle linebacker recovering from an Achilles tear, and a wide receiver who has underachieved since signing in free agency.
They'll need other veterans to help remove the Tomsula-Kelly culture in 2017.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
ABOVE PHOTO: Philadelphia Eagles running back LeGarrette Blount (29) gets a hand on the facemark of Los Angeles Chargers defensive back Desmond King (20) as they run during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, in Carson, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
In the first four games of the season, the Philadelphia Eagles running back by committee setup appears to be working.
By Chris Murray
For the Chris Murray Report and the Philadelphia Sunday Sun
The one obvious sign of growth for the Philadelphia Eagles in the team's first four games has been the ability to run the football.
And I'm not just talking about the raw numbers which have been impressive to this point in the season. As a team, the Birds are tied for third in rushing yardage per game with the Denver Broncos and are averaging 143 yards per game.
While the old running back in me is not a huge fan of running back by committee, LaGarrette Blount, Wendell Smallwood and rookie Corey Clement are doing a good job of taking the Birds run game to the next level, especially with the absence of Darren Sproles, who is out for the season with leg and arm injuries.
In last Sunday's 26-24 win over the Los Angeles Chargers, the Eagles ground attack compiled 214 yards. Blount did their best Beast Mode imitation, boring through the Los Angeles Chargers defense for 136 yards on 16 carries, including a 68- yard run that would even make Marshawn Lynch blush.
Meanwhile, Smallwood and Clement contributed their fair share to the ground attack with their ability to catch the football out of the backfield, block in the passing game, and by carrying the football inside the red zone.
Both Smallwood and Clement ran for 30 or more yards including one touchdown in the win over the Chargers. Even quarterback Carson Wentz got in on the running game by keeping drives alive with their legs.
But the thing that was most impressive about the Eagles running game is that it kept the defense off the field. Against the Chargers, the Birds dominated the game in time of possession. They held the ball for 39:18 as compared to 20:42. That's a nearly 2-1 advantage. The Eagles also did an outstanding job of keeping drives going on third down. They were 9-of-16 converting third downs.
“We're staying on the field, and then out third-down conversion rate has been good,” Eagles head coach Doug Pederson said. “And we've been able to stay on the field. All that is part of time of possession.”
“And then, of course, the run game, being patient there. Yesterday was an example. We got a few more chunk-play runs, but at the same time it all factors into time of possession.”
More often than not, time of possession in football does not always translate into victories and it is not always indication of a team's dominance. Against the Chargers, the Birds rushing attack managed to do something it hasn't done in quite some time: Close the show.
After the Chargers cut the lead to two points with 6:44 left in the game, the Eagles running game muscled down the clock and kept the Chargers offense on the sideline for the remainder of the game. The Eagles offense was their s defense in that game.
“The ability to close out close games ends up making the difference between playoffs or not and so the fact that doing in now is good,” Eagles center Jason Kelce said.
That's true. Of course, the Eagles would like to score points to give them a cushion to where they don't have to always close out the show with the running game. But if the Birds, who are currently in first place in the NFC East, can bottle up last Sunday's effort to put the game away, they will be a tough team to beat.
March 30 Egalet Corp
* Egalet Corp - one of co's specialty sales forces has begun promotion of Arymoer (morphine sulfate) extended-release tablets for oral use only -CII
* Deploys salesforce to begin educating healthcare providers about Arymo Er Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW At least ten people were killed on Monday when an explosion tore through a train carriage in a metro tunnel in the Russian city of St Petersburg. The Interfax news agency said the blast may have been caused by an explosive device hidden in a briefcase.
Following is a list of some previous deadly attacks in Russia:
Oct. 31, 2015 - Islamic State use an improvised bomb to bring down a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, killing all 224 people on board.
Dec. 29-30, 2013 - Two suicide bombers kill 34 people in attacks on railway station and trolleybus in the Russian city of Volgograd, less than two months before the start of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Jan. 24, 2011 - More than 30 people are killed and around 130 injured in a suicide bombing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport.
March 29, 2010 - At least two blasts strike Moscow metro stations during rush hour, killing 40 people.
Nov. 27, 2009 - A bomb blast derails the Nevsky Express train between Moscow and St. Petersburg with around 700 people on board. At least 26 people are killed and 100 injured. Chechen rebels claim responsibility.
Aug. 21, 2006 - A bomb kills 10 people and injures 50 in a Moscow suburban market.
Sept. 1-3, 2004 - More than 300 hostages - half of them children - die in a chaotic storming of School No.1 in Beslan after it is seized by rebels demanding Chechen independence and an immediate end to the war.
Aug. 24, 2004 - Two Russian passenger planes are blown up almost simultaneously, killing 90 people. One Tu-134, flying to Volgograd, goes down south of Moscow. Moments later a Tu-154 bound for Sochi crashes near Rostov-on-Don.
Feb. 6, 2004 - A suicide bombing kills at least 39 people and wounds more than 100 on an underground train in Moscow, in what police attribute to the work of Chechen separatists.
Dec. 5, 2003 - An explosion tears through a morning commuter train just outside Yessentuki station in southern Russia. Forty-six people are killed and 160 injured.
Oct. 23-26, 2002 - 129 hostages and 41 Chechen guerrillas are killed when Russian troops storm a Moscow theatre where rebels had taken 700 people captive three days earlier. Most of the hostages are killed by gas used to knock out the Chechens.
Aug. 8, 2000 - A bomb kills 13 and wounds 90 in a crowded Moscow underpass.
September 1999 - Bombs destroy apartment blocks in Moscow, Buynaksk and Volgodonsk. More than 200 people are killed. Moscow blames Chechens who in turn blame Russian secret services.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Related Coverage Pink dolphin named ‘Pinky' spotted playing in Louisiana ship channel
VARMLAND, Sweden (WFLA/CNN) – Video of a rare white moose in Sweden is going viral.
The moose was seen taking a dip in a stream last week. The BBC said there are only about 100 white moose in the country.
According to the BBC, “The moose aren't albino, but grow white fur from a genetic mutation.”
Albino animals are pure white with pink or red eyes.
Last week, we introduced you to “Pinky,” a pink dolphin that some think may be albino.
Pinky has been spotted in Louisiana for several years. Read more about Pinky here.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Firm putting drones to work on farms
After the technician's countdown, “moi, pi, bai”, an AS-III fixed-wing drone launches off a catapult into the air, ascending rapidly at 25 metres per second until it is high above the Cambodian countryside. The drone, equipped with a special camera capable of detecting what the human eye cannot see, surveys the crops below, assessing the health of vegetation while charting the precise layout of the terrain.
Operated by the local firm SM Waypoint, the drone can soar at an altitude of 3,000 metres and has a range of 180 kilometres, during which it takes photographs to find areas of low crop yield or make accurate measurements of topography. However, despite Cambodia's large agricultural sector, few farmers are even aware of the technology, let alone using it, according to Jimmy Jacks, the company's managing director.
Established in September 2015, SM Waypoint now has seven drone pilots, two sales staff and two accountants, with Jacks the only foreigner on the team. They explained that the technical operations of the company are handled by the local employees, who underwent specialised training in the country and have degrees in engineering, geology or mining.
The company operates two fixed-wing drones, the larger AS-III, with a 3.3-metre wingspan and capable of covering 1,800 hectares in one flight, and the smaller and more manoeuvrable eBee Ag drone, with a range of 5 kilometres and 30-minute flight time capacity. Both can take precise ground measurements through modified digital cameras programmed to snap photos every 2.4 seconds.
Jacks, a former aviation pilot, said the drones' technology is similar to what they used in commercial planes. They added that the autonomous drones, which follow a pre-programmed flight plan, are capable of extreme precision, producing images with a resolution up to 3.8 centimetres from high in the air.
“You can look at a bug on leaf,” they said.
Though the company focuses mainly on agricultural projects, the potential uses of the drones are extremely varied, going from measuring exact land height for building drainage systems to finding the most suitable location for special economic zones (SEZs) or factories, according to Koeurn Chenda, SM Waypoint's unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) team leader.
They explained that the data collected by the drones are processed at the company's headquarters to create various digital models, such as 3D images that can be used to analyse land and crops. Even on a dedicated server with 128 gigabytes of RAM, it can still take up to 10 days to process the vast volume of data retrieved from a single flight.
Watch the video on how Cambodia's first drone company is helping farmers increase crop yields:
SM Waypoint's most popular product is measuring the Normalised Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) of crops, which provides an evaluation of the relative state of health of a farmer's plants.
“When our drones fly around, they use a special sensor that captures the amount of near-infrared light and red light emitted by the plants,” Chenda explained. “When there is healthy vegetation, it will emit higher near-infrared and low amounts of red light.”
By presenting the farmer with an NDVI survey of their entire plantation, they can quickly spot areas where plants are stressed and take early corrective action.
While SM Waypoint recognises that drones are not affordable for all, especially smallholder farmers, Jacks said the technology makes economic sense for large-scale farms and plantations.
“We don't even have to argue that using drones properly and following up would increase your yields by 10 percent,” they said.
Offering an example, Jacks said the increased yield on a rice farm producing 900 kilograms per hectare would be an additional 90 kilograms per hectare. At current rice prices, this additional yield could be sold for about $20 per hectare, while the price of flying the drone would cost about $4.5 per hectare.
Moreover, the technology is highly useful in identifying and correcting one of the most vexing problems of rice agriculture in Cambodia – uneven topography.
“It is critical in rice farming to have level paddies,” Jacks said. “If your paddies aren't level, one area of rice will have too much water on it and the other one will be starved.”
While they admitted local farm and plantation owners have been slow to adopt drone technology for their crops, in other countries the aerial devices are used extensively.
According to a report released by PricewaterhouseCoopers in May 2016, the total addressable global market for drone solutions was valued at over $127 billion. Infrastructure and agriculture were cited as the areas with the best prospects, valued at $45.2 billion and $32.4 billion, respectively.
“In order to keep up with increasing demand, agriculture will have to revolutionise the way it produces food and become much more productive,” it said. “Drones will allow farming to become a highly data driven industry, which eventually will lead to an increase in productivity and yields.”
The report, titled Clarity from above, said the cost and versatility of drones was helping to replace more expensive forms of monitoring, such as satellites and manned aircraft. It added that globally, the lack of a clear legal framework for drone usage was one of the main barriers for more widespread adoption of the technology.
“The regulatory aspect of commercial drone operations is currently one of the most important factors affecting the pace of drone powered solutions' adoption by businesses and government entities,” it said.
Chan Sophal, director of the Centre for Policy Studies (CPS), said they believed Cambodia's major industries could greatly benefit from the use of drone technology, particularly when it comes to prospecting or monitoring landscape.
“For economic land concessions, where ground accessibility is still almost impossible, especially in the degraded forest areas, drones would be invaluable in verifying the status of concessions,” they said.
“I believe Cambodia should embark on this technology as soon as possible for the purpose of agriculture, whose statistics based on administrative reporting are still not very reliable.”
Photos and video footage supplied.
Tennis-Nadal withdraws from Queen's tournament on doctors' advice
LONDON, June 13 French Open champion Rafa Nadal has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Championships at The Queen's Club after advice from their doctors to rest, organisers announced on Tuesday.
Project info
Haenyeo women are a small dying community of female divers in Jeju, South Korea. Being the last of their kind with no successors, these women, all 50 years old or older, free dive for shellfish daily in frigid waters, up to 10 meters. The centuries-old way of life will die with this final generation of divers.
Fiat Chrysler recalling 297,000 vehicles for inadvertent airbag deployments
June 15 Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV is recalling 297,000 older minivans in North America because of a wiring problem that can lead to inadvertent airbag deployments, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
April 10 Denmark will on Wednesday lift an order to keep poultry flocks indoors as the threat of bird flu has lessened, the Ministry of Environment and Food said in a press release on Monday.
Denmark was officially declared free of bird flu in February and has since reestablished exports to a number of countries that had previously introduced trade restrictions on Danish poultry.
The first Danish H5N8 bird flu was detected at a poultry farm north of Copenhagen in November. (Reporting by Julie Astrid Thomsen, editing by Teis Jensen)
TORONTO, March 30 Canada's main stock index pulled back from a one-month high on Thursday as deal-related news pressured shares of Cenovus Energy Inc and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed down 78.87 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,578.76. Five of the index's 10 main groups ended lower. (Reporting by Fergal Smith)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Media Contact
Ben Emos
admin@fedlan.com Ben Emos
End
-- JK Spyglasses rep announces the launch of their spy camera glasses on FeDlan.comAt a recently held press conference in Brooklyn, NY, Daniel Peter President of JK Spyglasses announced the launch of their JK Spy Camera Sunglasses."Our spy glasses are the best and most affordable spy camera product of its kind on FeDlan. We have been in the business of selling spy camera gear and products for the past seven years. Having an opportunity to partner with FeDlan to market and sell our spy camera sunglasses is great", said Peter.The spy glasses are black in color with tinted lenses. The camera is affixed between the lenses in the middle of the frame. On top of the stem are operation buttons. With the press of one the spy camera sunglasses can be turned on. Once the spy camera is turned on another short press of the additional button allows users to take photos, record audio and record video. Video recordings are AVI 720x480 resolution. It can create separate audio only recordings if video is not needed.When asked more about the spy glasses features, pricing and availability Peter replied, "Right now our single pair of JK Spy Sunglasses sells on FeDlan for only $197.00.Peter went on to say that the initial customer feedback for spy camera product has been outstanding. Customers are said to have used the spy glasses outdoors at sporting events, music festivals, hot air balloon rides as well as indoor fun with friend and family. Private investigators and law enforcement agents were said to also have purchased and use the spy camera sunglasses product.The JK spy glasses product can be found exclusive online on FeDlan website. FeDlan shoppers can locate the products using search word JK spy inside any open search bar found on any FeDlan webpage at http://fedlan.com
SEOUL, April 5 South Korea bought 50 tonnes of nickel for June arrival via a tender that closed on Wednesday, state-run Public Procurement Service said on its website (www.g2b.go.kr). Details of the purchase are as follows: TONNES(M/T) ORIGIN SUPPLIER/PREMIUM(PER TONNE) 50 Norway Glencore Int'l AG/ $600 *Note: The above premiums were made over London Metal Exchange (LME) prices. The nickel products should arrive by June 20 at the port of Incheon. (Reporting By Jane Chung)
BRIEF-Ninestar says stakes in three tech firms have been transferred to co
* Says 51 percent stake in three tech firms have been transferred to co respectively
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Eastar Chemical, Beckmann Chemical, BASF, Merck Millipore, Alfa Aesar, Sigma-Aldrich, Sigma-Aldrich, Cayman Chemical, Zhejiang New Huadee Chemical, Digital Speciality Chemicals, Changzhou Huanan Chemical, Jiangyin Trust-Chem, Hubei Jinghong Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-triphenylphosphine-oxide-791-28-6-market/10344/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade, Pharmaceutical Grade, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Organic Synthesis Intermediates, Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Catalyst, Extraction Agent, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-triphenylphosphine-oxide-791-28-6-market/10344/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
* Dollar index wallows not far from 4-1/2-month lows
* Greenback still seen vulnerable with "Trump trade" fading
* Sterling braces for May's formal "Brexit" trigger
By Lisa Twaronite and Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, March 28 The dollar limped off multi-month lows against major peers on Tuesday, with much of the lift from the "Trump trade" now gone.
The greenback had taken a beating as market participants saw the prospects for a U.S. fiscal spending boost from President Donald Trump significantly diminished by their failure to pass a key healthcare reform bill.
"Clearly, the dollar is reacting to concerns that President Trump might not be able to push through their legislative agenda, given the fact that they've ditched, at least for now, healthcare reform," said Mitul Kotecha, head of FX and rates strategy for Barclays in Singapore.
"There are doubts about whether they can pass their stimulus, and therefore about the bullishness on U.S. growth that we were seeing just a few weeks ago," they said. "It's not surprising that the dollar is reacting in this way."
The dollar index against a basket of major currencies edged up 0.1 percent to 99.212, after plumbing a trough of 98.858 overnight, its lowest level since Nov. 11.
The index had risen to a 14-year high near 104.00 in early January when expectations for inflation-boosting U.S. stimulus under the Trump presidency were at their peak.
The dollar slipped 0.1 percent to 110.605 yen following its slide to 110.110 overnight, its lowest since Nov. 18.
The dollar remains biased towards the downside on receding hopes that the Trump administration will be able to deliver on tax reform and infrastructure spending, said Masafumi Yamamoto, chief forex strategist at Mizuho Securities in Tokyo.
"But a one-way drop by the dollar is also unlikely as the Republicans cannot face midterm elections in November of next year without enacting a single fiscal stimulus step," they said.
The euro was a shade higher at $1.0865, after scaling$1.0906 in the previous session, its loftiest peak since Nov. 11.
The common currency got a lift from news that German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives won a regional election in the western state of Saarland on Sunday, dealing a setback to their Social Democrat rivals and boosting Merkel's prospects of winning a fourth term in September's national election.
The pound added 0.1 percent to $1.2568 after surging almost one percent to $1.2615 overnight, its highest since Feb. 2.
On Wednesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May will formally notify the European Union of Britain's intention to leave it, triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and launching two years of unprecedented negotiations.
Some major banks have predicted the pound will fall below $1.20 in the negotiation period. Britain appears to have set its course for a "hard Brexit", where a clean break is favoured to regain control over issues such as immigration.
The Australian was slightly higher on the day at $0.7620 while the New Zealand dollar was slightly lower at $0.7042. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro and Lisa Twaronite; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - More than 300 Baloch separatist militants have surrendered over the past few months, Pakistani government officials said, after a ceremony to mark the downing of guns and militants' return to civilian life.
The surrenders are part of government efforts to end a decade-long insurgency in the southwestern Baluchistan province by offering amnesties and financial rewards to soldiers and commanders to help them re-integrate into the society.
In a high-profile ceremony on the lawn of the Baluchistan provincial assembly in the western city of Quetta, the regional capital, some 313 militants from three separatist movements handed over weapons to Nawab Sanaullah Zehri, the Chief Minister of the province.
“I will hug all that who believe in integrity and sovereignty of Pakistan but will not tolerate (those) who will challenge the writ of the State,” Zehri said at the ceremony on Saturday.
Pakistani government officials say about 2,000 militants have surrendered over the past 18 months. In April, the government held a similar ceremony where about 400 militants handed over their guns.
The latest ceremony saw surrenders by 143 militants from the Baloch Republican Army (BRA), 125 fighters from the Baloch Liberation Army (BLA) and 17 from Baloch Liberation Front (BLF), according to officials.
Under the agreement, foot soldiers are given 500,000 rupees ($4,700) and the top-level commanders receive about 1 million rupees ($9,500) to help them and their families build a life after militancy.
Baluchistan's government and the powerful army, which has a huge say in the running of Pakistan's poorest province, tout the amnesties as an effective way to reduce the power of separatists who accuse Islamabad of exploiting Baluchistan.
While security has improved in Baluchistan over the past few years, critics and human rights groups say the army has crushed dissent and free speech, while separatists accuse security officials of extra-judicial killings and enforced disappearances. The military denies abuse claims.
Pakistan's desire to dismantle the insurgencies has grown in urgency amid vast Chinese investment from Beijing's Belt and Road infrastructure splurge. China has frequently urged Pakistan to improve security, especially in Baluchistan.
A new transport corridor (CPEC) through Baluchistan, linking Western China with Pakistan's Arabian Sea port of Gwadar, is due to become operational in late 2018.
Separatists have vowed to disrupt CPEC, and earlier this week China warned its citizens of a security threat inside Pakistan.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian pension fund Caixa de Previdencia dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil, known as Previ, is sticking to its plans for an initial public offering of power holding company Neoenergia SA, the fund's Chief Executive Officer Geitiro Genso said on Friday.
“We will try to list Neoenergia in a better moment,” Genso said.
Neoenergia canceled a planned IPO in December because some of its shareholders did not accept valuations lower than what they were expecting. (Reporting by Aluisio Alves; writing by Tatiana Bautzer, editing by G Crosse)
* Swedish firm banks on growing demand for battery-driven tools
* Drive to sell more robotic mowers in the U.S.
* Operating profit jumped 18 percent in 2017 (Adds CEO comment, background, shares)
By Anna Ringstrom
STOCKHOLM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The chore of pushing a mower around your lawn may become a thing of the past as householders sit back and watch robotic lawn mowers take the strain, helping to lift the performance of Swedish outdoor power tools group Husqvarna.
Husqvarna's full-year operating profit jumped 18 percent last year helped by strong growth in Europe for robotic lawn mowers and other battery-driven products such as trimmers.
The company, which makes a broad range of products for forest, park and garden maintenance, produced its one millionth robotic lawn mower last year and says its Automower is the world's best-selling robot lawn mower.
Robotic lawn mowers, a common sight in Husqvarna's home market, use rechargeable batteries and mow within boundaries that the mower detects with its sensors.
While traditional petrol-driven mowers, trimmers and chainsaws still account for a large chunk of Husqvarna's sales, the company is betting on strong demand growth for automatic mowers as well as battery-driven handheld tools that are greener, less noisy and vibrate less.
The group, which does the bulk of its business around the peak gardening season in Europe and the United States, posted a 3.8 billion crown ($483 million) operating profit and nearly reached its 10 percent profit margin target - 9.6 percent against 8.9 in 2016.
Husqvarna has warned that sales by its Consumer Brands division, which sells lawn mowers and handheld outdoor tools for householders and does the bulk of its business in the United States, would take a 1 billion crown hits in 2018 due to the scaling back of business with a big U.S. client.
CEO Kai Warn told Reuters that initiatives to get Consumer Brands back on track would include a push in the United States for its robotic mowers, which are currently in demand mostly in Europe.
The company, a rival of Stanley Black & Decker, Deere and Toro, proposed a larger than expected 15 percent rise in its dividend to 2.25 crowns a share, driving its shares up more than 2 percent to their highest since last July.
Warn said they expected the company to hit its margin target in 2018 helped by around 5.5 percent organic sales growth combined at its Husqvarna, Gardena and Construction divisions, which accounted for around a third of sales in 2017.
In the fourth quarter - Husqvarna's seasonally slowest - operating losses were smaller than expected at 70 million crowns, boosted by a 55 million crown one-off gain, against a year-ago 108 million loss.
LAGOS, April 20 The Nigerian naira currency firmed to 385 per dollar on the black market on Thursday, up 2.6 percent from early trading and supported by central bank intervention on the official market, traders said.
The central bank sold its usual $1.5 million on the spot market on Thursday at 305.50 per dollar, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Louise Ireland)
The renowned sitcom Friends, which first aired in 1994, has joined the list of TV shows migrating to Netflix. Running for over 10 years, Friends is a celebrated sitcom due to a combination of both the cast and the writing talent. Since the show's appearance on UK Netflix in late 2017, however, it has come under serious media scrutiny for being homophobic, transphobic, sexist and ageist. Publications such as The Independent, Metro, The Guardian and The Daily Mail have reported on the media frenzy – or more accurately, the Twitter frenzy – that the show's addition to the streaming service has led to.
Most arguments claiming Friends to be problematic share reservations on three specific themes; those that seem to inspire the most emotional response as well as pertain most currently to modern issues, namely: homophobia, age-gaps and body-shaming.
Instances of some far-fetched criticism involving age include Monica and Richard's relationship, in which Richard was at least 25 years their senior. A plethora of people have taken to Twitter to call this relationship ‘disturbing' and have linked it to the current #MeToo scandal, claiming that it perpetuates a Lolita-like perverse attraction of older men to young girls. This is despite the fact that Monica was nearly 30 years old, and their relationship consisted of no known abuse. In fact the whole nature of the on-screen couple's relationship was contrary to the arguments made against it — it was about love, and overcoming societal judgment and bias for the sake of happiness.
Current viewers of the show claim that there is a tasteless and cruel depiction of obesity and being overweight. These comments cite episodes where Monica flashes-back to when they were overweight in high school and the group makes discriminatory and surprised remarks. In ‘The One That Could Have Been', an alternate reality is depicted when Monica never lost the excess weight.  They are shown dancing around while eating a bagel: a scene that Twitter members have found particularly upsetting. This is an example of the writers choosing a predictable crowd-pleasing gimmick, despite its connotations. This is an ongoing issue today as well, however. Mike and Molly, for example, tells the story of a couple who met at Overeaters Anonymous. The near-entirety of the programme consists of weight-centric comedy.
Homophobia is by far the most disputed and polarising issue, however. Remarks such as “are you gay now?” after Joey dances with a man, or Chandler fretting that they seem homosexual when meeting women, definitely both warrant some eyebrow raises nowadays. Yet, Friends was one of the first shows on air to feature a same-sex marriage, as well as a same-sex couple raising a child together. Not to say that this excuses discrimination, however it does somewhat clarify the intentions of the writers.
Another show that has fallen under a similar conversational-umbrella of criticism recently is Stranger Things. Critics commented on the lack of female roles, as well as the undermined wife voice in its marital dynamics. These denunciations have been shrugged off, however, because Stranger Things is “based in a different time”, and that was the reality of the decade it is set in.
What the audience of Friends fails to remember is that it actually was a different time when the show was written, filmed and produced; 1994 may not seem like that long ago but relatively it was. To put it in perspective, Google wasn't even invented until two years later. Even the last season is now 14 years old – look at how much the world has changed since then.
The real question that emerges from this mess of tweets and Daily Mail articles is whether or not every light-hearted sitcom needs to be entirely morally just and socially aware? Or whether it's enough to watch Friends and just to be aware that not everything is entirely correct in 2018, so long as you know you aren't homophobic yourself?
Friends, despite its blunders, is a pop-culture staple, and has been for the past decade. Perhaps, then, we should consider this as more of a lesson of awareness as opposed to a rejection of the show altogether.
Image: the maddox e machocarioca via Wikimedia Commons
Ikoyi homongous money and unresolved puzzles -By Rahaman Onike
The discovery of stow away 50 million dollars which is equivalent to 15 billion naira by EFCC at Ikoyi luxury sky-high building raises a lot of puzzles about Nigeria's ethos and disdained functionality of the nation's intelligence system. Coincidentally, the manhunt was carried out by the EFCC at the eve of celebration of the organization's fourteen years of its establishment.
Since the discovery of the homongous money by EFCC in a private apartment at Osborne Towers in Ikoyi, Lagos, Nigeria, a lot of churn-up has resulted. In a way, the ongoing scenario has further proved that whistle-blowing policy of the present administration is yielding good results.
What is ominous about the issue is the various characters connected directly or indirectly with the apartment where the monies were recovered. This has not only prompted further probe into the ownership of the homongous cash but it also calls for re-assessment and evaluation of the performance of the nation's security and intelligence services.
Given the avalanche of reports on social and new media, regarding the ownership of the huge sum, it seems there is a sort of connivance among the power elite to syphon the money either now or in the future. Even with all the denials, the alleged individuals are still looked at with suspicion particularly the Transport and Aviation Minister, Chief Rotimi Ameachi, Senator Solomon Adeola popularly known as Yayi, representing Lagos West Senatorial District and Alhaji Adamu Muazu, the former PDP National Chairman who have variously been alleged of having links with the apartment where the gigantic cash were recovered.
It was pathetic that in the course of unravelling the ownership of the money and reasons for stashing the huge cash, the National Intelligence Agency(NIA)interceded with an unveriviable claim to be the owner. Yet, Nigerians do not feel satisfied.
Most commentators see the claim of NIA as a sort of prey on being orchestrated to cover up the heinous crime against the nation by certain powerful individuals in government.
In my view, a mere claim of ownership of the homongous money by NIA cannot cause the matter to hit a dead end; rather, it will ignite further brouhaha.
The excuse given by the NIA that the said money is meant for covert operation may sound valid, if it is properly appropriated and approved by the President. From reports, it is obvious President Buhari, the current nation's chief security officer was oblivious of the said NIA's covert operation until Wednesday when the EFCC discovered the cash in Ikoyi Secret location.
From all indications, there is reasonable ground to suspect foul play on the part of top echelons of the National Intelligence Agency to have excluded such vital information on routine intelligence briefing or operation notes passed to President Muhammed Buhari on assumption of office.
So, why is Buhari Commander in-chief, if a covert operation was ongoing in which the last administration approved colossal cash being kept in a private apartment without them being briefed until the money was found and carted away by the EFCC two years into their administration.
This makes the whole scenario to become a matter of more puzzles, fewer clues.
One other important puzzle is the question of rationale for loading such quantum cash in private home originally owned and occupied by people of questionable character instead of its safe, well guarded headquarters or in any of its secret facilities.
Similar to this report is the quiz that would a Jonathan keep such elephantine money in a house alegedly owned by Rotimi Amaechi.
With the ongoing hullabaloo, President Buhari will do well for their good image by getting to the bottom of this issue.
Any attempt to allow it to fizzle out as usual will prove the cynics right that the discovery is a conscious effort to detract attention from ‘non performance' of the present administration.
While supporting the call that President Buhari must address the nation on this scandalous discovery , it won't be out of order for former President Goodluck Jonathan to be quizzed to confirm or refute claim that they approved the release of the cash for covert operation. If they confirm, we will face the matter of abuse as part of measure of performance of Jonathan's administration.
I have not seen reasons to subscribe to the narration that the EFCC discovery was a mere ploy to give fresh life to an assertion which tries to blame the economic woe of the nation on Jonathan's rather than Buhari's.
The NIA equally needs to clear air on the new narrative that some GEJ campaign materials were found at the Osborne flat together with the dollars. Except this done, one may likely fall into temptation to toy the line of groups that believe the present administration is doing everything possible to pin the Ikoyi heist on GEJ as part of its propaganda project.
Above all, the whole story suggests a case of inherent poor coordination and lack of cooperation in the nation's security and intelligence circle. If at the end of the day, the real culprits are not brought to book, the alleged cover-up, desperation and over zealousness of EFCC top hierarchies will become a stigma as well as a moral burden for the present administration.
As the whole world look forward to witnessing the eventual outcome of investigation of reasons for the stashing of the huge fund, it becomes incumbent on Buhari's administration to prove that they are not being selective in their anti-corruption war or using it as an instrument for the witch-hunt of the opposition.
Rahaman Onike
Writes from Oyo.He is a public administrator, policy analyst and author.
Comments
comments
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MeiG Smart Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use 10 million yuan to set up a Shanghai-based tech subsidiary and dissolve a Shanghai-based branch
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9LHRQ3
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
New Delhi: Manjot Kalra smashed an unbeaten hundred to guide India to the historic fourth U19 World Cup title and they have credited the Oval Bay wicket which made their job easier.
Kalra fired 102-ball 101 to secure 8-wicket victory over Australia. The 19-year-old became the only second Indian after Unmukht Chand to score a hundred in the finals of the elite tournament.
"I enjoyed it a lot. The conditions were good. Not a difficult wicket, it was flat and good to bat on," Kalra told the media after the final.
"It's been a great environment within the team and I've enjoyed that," they added.
Kalra was adjudged the man of the match for their efforts with the bat while compatriot Shubman Gill took home the player of the tournament award.
India thus became the first nation to win the ICC U19 World Cup four times. They had earlier won the title in 2000, 2008 and 2012.
Australia are second on the list with three titles.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just how much are each of the most popular TOWIE stars earning?
The salaries of the stars have been revealed - and we reckon they may shock you.
The Mirror has divulged the earnings of the stars, and we reveal them for you below:
Megan McKenna
Megan has cemented their position as Essex queen.
From the media storm over their relationship with – and eventual split from – co-star Pete Wicks to their own beauty range, Mouthy By Megan, Megs has been raking it in since hitting the big time.
Before joining TOWIE they were thought to be worth around £285,000 – but then they got paid an estimated £30,000 for their CBB stint and has had a successful collaboration with clothing line Miss Pap.
Megan is also just about to open their first ever restaurant, McK Grill, in Woodford.
Gemma Collins
Gemma may well be a secret millionaire, given their various TV appearances – they got paid for their three days in the'm A Celebrity jungle in 2014 and has presented on This Morning, as well as doing a stint in Celebrity Big Brother .
Them own Brentwood boutique shop carries their plus-size fashion range, Gemma Collins' Collection, which continues to do well.
They made headlines in 2016 after a fan accused them of charging £12 for selfies, but something's working for them – she's now estimated to be worth £2.7million.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Chloe Sims
This mum-of-one is also thought to have joined the TOWIE millionaires' club, having reportedly earned a seven-figure sum from their Essex beauty bar in Brentwood as well as their various modelling shoots and personal appearances.
Amy Childs
Although they didn't stay with the show for very long, Amy's savvy business sense has seen them rack up more than £5million in fashion ranges, tanning products and eyelashes and perfumes.
They also have a fitness DVD and beauty salon.
Joey Essex
They might not be able to tell the time but the star has managed to set themselves up for the future with a number of TV deals, including Educating Joey Essex .
The winner of Channel 4's The Jump also owns their own men's and women's clothing store. They were worth just £350,000 in 2011 but raked it in with their fragrances, autobiography and by appearing in adverts.
Joey's thought to be worth £4.5million.
Sam Faiers
Joey's ex may be worth less than them but she's still raking it in after signing a number of fashion ranges and modelling contracts, and made £750,000 alone from a tell-all book deal.
Sam's reported net worth is £4million.
Mark Wright
The TOWIE original boosted their bank balance when they joined forces with wife Michelle Keegan (whose net worth is estimated at £2.7million) to create an unstoppable celebrity power couple.
Ferne McCann
While not as rich as some of their TOWIE co-stars, Ferne's still worth a decent £400,000.
She's made it with various modelling deals, their magazine column for Star, their stint on I'm A Celebrity in 2015 and their presenting for This Morning.
Now that Ferne has confirmed she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins' baby, the star may well follow Sam Faiers into tapping up the 'mummy market' for lucrative opportunities.
Lauren Goodger
This TOWIE original cast member was one of the first to hit the million mark with their beauty and fake tan range Lauren's Way.
She's since been paid to enter CBB in 2014, appeared in multiple photoshoots documenting their weight loss and gains and is now thought to be worth around £2.1million.
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, March 30 The South Korean won ended at a near one-week low on Thursday as gains in the dollar slightly pressured the local currency.
The won was quoted at 1,117.2 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, down 0.3 percent compared to Wednesday's close of 1,114.2. It was the lowest closing level since March 24.
South Korean shares dipped as local investors took profits, but losses were limited by continued stock purchases from foreign investors.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed down 0.1 percent at 2,164.65 points.
Offshore investors marked a fourth straight buying session, purchasing a net 88.5 billion won ($79.23 million) worth of KOSPI shares for the day. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
PREVIEW-Rugby-Wallabies seek extra gear against new-look Scots
SYDNEY, June 15 A Wallabies side boasting a semblance of stability faces a Scotland team taking its first steps under a new coach in a test that promises plenty of running rugby on Saturday.
An Australian report into child sex abuse on Monday recommended new laws to compel clergy to report sex abuse allegations they hear in religious confession.
Current laws in most Australian states uphold the confidentiality of the religious confession.
A government-sanctioned inquiry into child sex abuse said it heard that some perpetrators who confessed to sexually abusing children went on to reoffend and seek forgiveness again.
“Clergy should not be able to refuse to report because the information was received during confession,” the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse said in a statement attached to the report on Monday.
“Persons in institutions should report if they know, suspect or should have suspected a child is being or has been sexually abused.”
The Australian government did not immediately respond to the report.
The Royal Commission had previously heard that 7 percent of Catholic priests working in Australia between 1950 and 2010 were accused of child sex crimes and that close to 1,100 people filed child sexual assault claims against the Anglican Church over a 35-year period.
A royal commission is Australia's most powerful kind of government-appointed inquiry and can compel witnesses to give evidence and recommend prosecutions, but it does not make laws.
“Priests are able to say that they didn't have to divulge anything in confessional because of this privilege — this would change that,” barrister Miiko Kumar, a legal academic at the University of Sydney, said of the commission's recommendation.
“It would make it absolutely clear that this should be an offence and a priest can't claim the privilege.”
A similar rule, overriding the confessional privilege in Church law that prevents clerics from sharing information, was introduced in Ireland in 2012.
A spokesperson for Australia's Catholic Church did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Michael Quinlan, a legal expert at Catholic University Notre Dame in Sydney, previously told the inquiry that confession is a sacrament “at the heart of the Catholic religious faith” and to change its legal status would undermine religious freedoms.
A new recycling project at Maghaberry Prison is set to halve its waste costs in coming years.
About 30 prisoners sort plastic, tin cans, cardboard, newspaper, broken pallets and waste electric equipment, and the amount going to landfill has been slashed.
Their work station is a draughty structure within the prison grounds and the aim is to secure them work in the eco-industry upon release.
A conveyor belt smelling faintly of rubbish carries materials to be separated. Maghaberry uses 1,000 pints of milk a day - in individual containers.
Maghaberry governor David Kennedy said: “Recycling is incredibly important for the environment and it is also very important for the Northern Ireland Prison Service in reducing the cost of our landfill.
“It's also a growing industry in Northern Ireland and already we have several employers who are offering positions for people who want to take a better road when they're released.
“Ultimately, Maghaberry Prison is working to reduce reoffending by challenging people, and supporting them to change and this initiative is another way to achieve this.”
In its first six months of operation the project recovered 11 tonnes of scrap metal and 9.5 tonnes of plastics and paper - equivalent to the weight of 12 cars.
A material recovery facility or picking station, shredder and waste-baler were purchased for £150,000.
During 2015-16 Maghaberry spent £62,000 on skips and waste disposal and this cost has significantly reduced in 2016 / 17, with the aim of cutting waste costs by half in the coming years, the prison service said.
So far 2,000 bags of briquettes have been produced from shredded paper, with many donated to local charities.
Inmates who sign up to the project can also gain NVQ qualifications, with a number being offered jobs with local recycling companies once their sentence is complete.
One, who gained a level 1 NVQ in manual handling, said: “The reason I got involved was because it keeps you out of trouble.
“You're out working all day and I'd rather be doing something with my time.”
This year 36 men have been put through NVQ qualifications.
Tony Ladurner, a tutor with charity Extern who is involved in delivering the qualifications, said there had been some very good results.
“This project gives ownership to the prisoners; they own the project and they take pride in their work.”
MONTROSE, Pa. (AP) — A gas driller's ongoing feud with a Pennsylvania homeowner over the contamination of their water supply has once again entered a courtroom.
Houston-based Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. claims Dimock resident Ray Kemble and their former lawyers tried to extort the company through a frivolous lawsuit. The federal lawsuit, which was filed in April but withdrawn two months later, accused Cabot of polluting Kemble's water supply.
Cabot says the claims in Kemble's suit were the subject of a 2012 settlement between Cabot and dozens of Dimock residents, including Kemble. It's seeking monetary damages against Kemble and their former lawyers. The first hearing in the case was held Monday.
Kemble says Cabot is trying to use the legal system to shut down dissent.
Advertisement
Pennsylvania regulators previously held Cabot responsible for polluting residential water wells in Dimock.
DUBAI, April 9 Abu Dhabi's government-owned fund Mubadala will raise in excess of $1 billion with a dual-tranche dollar bond, banking sources close to the matter said on Sunday.
The bond issuance, with tranches of seven and 12 years, is expected to be of benchmark size for each tranche, the sources said. Benchmark bonds are traditionally meant to be upwards of $500 million.
A Mubadala spokesperson declined to comment.
Barclays, HSBC, Natixis, National Bank of Abu Dhabi, SMBC Nikko and Standard Chartered are the joint lead managers and bookrunners for the new deal.
The company started pre-marketing the potential transaction to investors last Friday and will have a global investor call on April 10, the bankers said. The deal is expected to price as early as April 11.
Mubadala is merging with Abu Dhabi-owned International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC). It said last January that the merged entity will have assets of about $125 billion.
(Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; Editing by Stephen Powell)
LONDON/DUBAI OPEC oil output fell for a fourth straight month in April, a Reuters survey found on Tuesday, as top exporter Saudi Arabia kept production below its target while maintenance and unrest cut production in exempt nations Nigeria and Libya.
But more oil from Angola and higher UAE output than originally thought helped OPEC compliance with its production-cutting deal slip to 90 percent from a revised 92 percent in March, according to Reuters surveys.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries pledged to reduce output by about 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) for six months from Jan. 1 - the first supply cut deal since 2008. Non-OPEC producers are cutting about half as much.
OPEC wants to get rid of excess supply that is keeping oil LCOc1 below $52 a barrel, half the level of mid-2014. With the oversupply proving hard to shift, OPEC is expected to prolong the agreement.
Compliance of 90 percent is still higher than OPEC achieved in its last cut in 2009, Reuters surveys show. Analysts including those at the International Energy Agency have put adherence in 2017 even higher, with the IEA calling it a record.
April's biggest production gain came from Angola, which scheduled higher exports and where output started at the East Pole field in February. The increase brought Angolan compliance down to 91 percent, from above 100 earlier in the year.
Other, small increases came from Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, the survey found, although their compliance was the second-highest and highest respectively in OPEC.
Even with April's increase, the total curb achieved by OPEC's top producer Saudi Arabia is 574,000 bpd, well above the target cut of 486,000 bpd.
Iran's production rose slightly. Tehran was allowed a small increase in output under the OPEC agreement.
These increases offset lower supply in Iraq, which exported less crude from its southern terminals - and Venezuela, where exports also fell month-on-month, according to tanker data and shipping sources.
Output in the United Arab Emirates fell, but production in March was higher than originally thought. The UAE, which has been focusing on expanding oil capacity in recent years, has been slower than other Gulf members to trim supply.
The UAE says it is complying 100 percent. It has blamed suggestions that it is failing to do so on discrepancies between its own production figures and those estimated by the secondary sources that OPEC uses to track compliance.
Lower output in Nigeria and Libya, which are exempt from the curbs, helped bring down overall OPEC production.
Maintenance continued at Nigeria's Bonga field for part of the month and loading delays affected the country's biggest export stream, Qua Iboe.
In Libya, output fell as protests blocking a pipeline prompted the shutdown of the Sharara field. Output there resumed in late April, suggesting May could see higher production if no further unrest emerges.
OPEC announced a production target of 32.5 million bpd at its Nov. 30 meeting, which was based on low figures for Libya and Nigeria and included Indonesia, which has since left the group.
The Libyan and Nigerian reductions mean OPEC output in April averaged 31.97 million bpd, about 220,000 bpd above its supply target adjusted to remove Indonesia.
The Reuters survey is based on shipping data provided by external sources, Thomson Reuters flows data, and information provided by sources at oil companies, OPEC and consulting firms.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
ST. CLOUD - Downtown St. Cloud is adding a free concert to the big holiday festival next weekend.
A Winter Wonderland event runs Saturday, December 9th from 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. at Lake George, as well as more family fun from 2:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. inside Capital One.
The parade starts at 5:00 p.m. Saturday, December 9th and runs along West St. Germain Street.
Then, after the parade, Downtown Council Executive Director Jolene Foss says you can stick around for some music.
We don't want to forget that this year we have an addition to the parade and that is a free concert that is being sponsored by Capital One and it is the Fabulous Armadillos at the River's Edge Convention Center right after the parade.
Foss says the concert will last about two hours and they'll have food and drinks available for you to buy.
You also have a chance to attend a couple holiday parades this weekend. Richmond has their "Treemendous Night" Friday with the parade starting at 7:15 p.m.
April 20 CoreSite Realty Corp:
* CoreSite Realty- on April 19, co amended, restated a term loan agreement to increase commitment thereunder from $100 million to $200 million - sec filing
* CoreSite Realty Corp - amended term loan agreement to extend maturity of facility from january 31, 2019 to april 19, 2022 Source text - bit.ly/2pke3FR Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
La+Ch's remixed version of t.A.T.u's "All The Things They Said" is gaining lots of plays count in soundcloud. Tune into soundcloud to experience beautiful musicality.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• LA+CH
• Electronic
• Pop Industry:
• Music Location:
• Toronto - Ontario - Canada Subject:
• Products
End
-- Toronto based artistis creating buzz with their new remixed song. This track was introduced as the first English-language single of. The song was sung by two teenagers who have blatantly portrayed lesbians in this single. According to Russian language - the name. that is pronounced as "tattoo" means "This girl loves that girl". The song became very interesting since it was created in 2002. This track came as a tornado in music industry and gathered a good number of supports from people as well. Later young artisthas made its remix version on 4august, 2017.created their production house named as sideways. This multi-instrumentalist has released their one of the best electric tracks in soundcloud by making a remix of. This song is covered with energetic beats as well as good lyrical prowess.is expected to topple over a few hit tracks with their latest remix track. This young dedicated singer is showing no sign of slowing down. And therefore, they are creating one after another musical hits. They have given a new direction to.'s amazing creationThis new singer has resurrects this new track with a bouncier vibe.is ready to entertain their followers and listeners with more new remixes and new beats. Fans can also follow this artist in Twitter or facebook and know more about this young superstar. This young musician has added amazing energy to.'s music. This song in soudnloud also installs free downloading option. As a result, it invites more traffic to its profile. Apart from soundcloud, you get to catch this artist in instagram. Also, book them to experience their wonderful musicality through live performance.
(Repeats to show photographs are available; no change in text.)
By Tuomas Forsell
HELSINKI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - More than 7,000 Finns rallied on Friday in Helsinki to protest cuts to unemployment benefits, with strikes halting public transport in the capital and closing harbours and factories around the country.
The demonstrators, mainly union activists, gathered outside the Government's Palace and called on the centre-right government to revoke a new law that pushes the jobless to take on short-term jobs or risk of losing some of their benefits.
Around 200,000 industrial, transport and construction workers went on strike, and other unions encouraged their members to join the demonstration in Helsinki.
“My promise to you is, that when the Social Democrats (SDP) is in the government, we will cancel this,” Antti Rinne, the leader of the biggest opposition party, told the crowd.
Unions are powerful in Finland, and SDP has close relationship with them.
Finnish Technology Industries estimated that the one-day strike cost its member companies 230 million euros ($287 million) in lost revenue.
“Why isnt the metro, the busses or the trams running? They're blocked by the left's soapbox. Party politics from the 70‘s”, Sampo Terho, minister for European affairs and leader of the co-ruling Blue Reform party, wrote on their Twitter account.
The Finnish economy has recovered from a slump and is now growing briskly. But at 8.4 percent, its jobless rate remains higher than unemployment in other Nordic countries, putting a strain on public finances and a generous welfare system in the face of an ageing population.
The government has sought to solve the fiscal problem with spending cuts, healthcare reforms and a 2016 labour reform pact, which cut workers' benefits for the first time in a century.
The new “activation model” law reduces monthly unemployment benefit by 4.6 percent if claimants fail to do 18 hours' work in three months and actively seek new employment. That violates the 2016 pact, unions say.
“The government has let us down. We agreed to the competitiveness pact with the condition that unemployment benefits stay untouched. And now they've done it anyway,” Jani Polla, a metalworker who had traveled from south-western city of Turku, told Reuters.
The government has promised to give more money for services to support jobseekers, noting that the activation model was part of a larger reform package which has been negotiated together with labour unions.
April 3 U.S. stocks opened flat on Monday, the first trading day of the second quarter, with investors awaiting President Donald Trump's first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average inched up 12.46 points, or 0.06 percent, at 20,675.68, the S&P 500 edged up 0.81 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,363.53 and the Nasdaq Composite gained 7.79 points, or 0.13 percent, to 5,919.52. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
A distinctive red bicycle was stolen when it was left outside a McDonald's in Kettering.
The theft happened some time between 10pm and 10.30pm on Thursday, March 30, at the fast food outlet in Orion Way.
The Hard Rock mountain bike is red and black - one wheel is black, the other red, unlike in the photo provided by police.
Anyone with information can call police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
(Adds Shandong Gold, Bid Corp, BNP Paribas; Updates Amazon, JAB, AkzoNobel)
April 5 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 2000 GMT on Wednesday:
** BNP Paribas SA said it has sold its $120 million share of the loan for the Dakota Access Pipeline, becoming the second bank to divest from the project that faced opposition from Native Americans and environmentalists.
** Hydrogen fuel cell maker Plug Power Inc said Amazon.com Inc had acquired the right to buy up to 23 percent of the company and that it would supply batteries to power forklifts used by the online retailer in its warehouses.
** China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's , Veladero gold mine in Argentina, people familiar with the process told Reuters even as the Canadian miner grappled with a pipe rupture at the site.
** South Africa's Bid Corporation (Bidcorp) has bought a 90 percent stake in Spanish foodservice group Guzman Gastronomia and Cuttings, it said without disclosing the value.
** JAB Holdings, the owner of Caribou Coffee and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, said it would buy bakery chain Panera Bread Co for $7.2 billion, as it expands its coffee and breakfast empire through the biggest-ever U.S. restaurant deal.
** ChemChina won EU antitrust approval for its $43 billion bid for Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta , a crucial deal that could help China boost its domestic agricultural output. The bid is still set to close in the second quarter, Syngenta said.
** British housebuilder Galliford Try pulled out of a 1.2 billion-pound ($1.5-billion) attempt to buy rival Bovis after the two failed to agree on price, leaving Bovis to pursue a turnaround under a new chief executive.
** EU antitrust regulators blocked a joint bid by German cement producers HeidelbergCement and Schwenk for Cemex's Croatian business after the companies failed to address competition concerns.
** Shareholders in Swiss biotech group Actelion approved spinning off its drug discovery and early clinical pipeline into a new company, keeping Johnson & Johnson's $30 billion takeover on track to close in the second quarter.
** Italian banking foundation Cariverona has bought about 3 percent in insurer Cattolica from Banca Popolare di Vicenza, two sources said, after the bank announced the sale of part of its stake in the insurer through an accelerated book building.
** Dutch paint maker AkzoNobel could face a shareholder revolt if it continues to avoid a meeting with PPG Industries to discuss a possible takeover by the U.S. company, PPG Chief Executive Michael McGarry told Reuters.
** Bankers are working on debt packages of around $1.5 billion to back a potential sale of one of the largest U.S. herbal supplement makers, Nature's Bounty Co, banking sources said.
** ExxonMobil said it is in talks to buy a refining-petrochemical complex in Singapore that could boost its fuel and chemical production in Asia.
** Snapdeal's three biggest investors – Japan's SoftBank , Kalaari Capital and Nexus Venture Partners – have moved closer to resolving an impasse, potentially clearing the way for a sale of the Indian e-tailer to one of its rivals, Flipkart or Paytm, according to a Mint report.
** RWE is considering selling its majority stake in Hungary's second-biggest power plant and related lignite mines, as the German utility reviews its struggling generation assets across Europe.
** Aurubis AG, the world's biggest copper recycler, is likely to start its search for acquisitions in Europe and the United States as it looks to expand into other metals, but will not get into mining, its chief executive told Reuters.
** The battle for German drugmaker Stada is edging towards a close, with final offers from two private equity consortia expected on Friday evening, three people close to the matter said.
** Daishi Bank Ltd and Hokuetsu Bank Ltd, two small Japanese lenders, said they had agreed to merge their operations, the latest consolidation in regional banks amid a decline in population.
** As Britain steps up the hunt for a new partner for a stalled nuclear power project, South Korea's KEPCO remains the most likely suitor, but two people with direct knowledge of the matter said the giant utility won't be rushed to the altar.
** Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan said that a committee had been formed to manage the merger of the bank with Barwa Bank and International Bank of Qatar.
** French advertising group Havas has signed a joint venture agreement with Guangdong Advertising Group as part of its moves to expand in the fast-growing Chinese market.
** San Francisco startup Wyre Inc, a cross-border payments firm, has acquired a Beijing-based platform, Chief Executive Michael Dunworth told Reuters on Tuesday, in what they said was the first acquisition by a U.S. company of a Chinese blockchain business in the corporate payments space. (Compiled by Aishwarya Venugopal and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru)
FILE PHOTO: Britain Rugby Union - England v Australia - 2016 Old Mutual Wealth Series - Twickenham Stadium, London, England - 3/12/16 Australia's Bernard Foley is tackled by England's Owen Farrell Action Images via Reuters / Henry Browne Livepic
MELBOURNE Australia flyhalf Bernard Foley has suffered a new concussion setback after their long-awaited return to Super Rugby side New South Wales.
Foley played their first match of the season for the Sydney team against Melbourne Rebels on Friday after missing four games following a pre-season head-knock but concussion symptoms returned after the 32-25 away win.
The team said in a statement on Tuesday that Foley was in doubt to play New Zealand's Canterbury Crusaders this weekend.
"Bernard's welfare is our priority right now and our medical team are taking an active treatment process to manage their symptoms," Waratahs coach Daryl Gibson said.
"We will follow the medical advice and they will undergo further testing and treatment prior to any decisions being made about them returning to playing."
The Waratahs tried out different midfield combinations at training on Tuesday and David Horitz is a candidate to take the number 10 shirt.
"(Horwitz) played well last week. They stepped up into first receiver a lot, probably touched the ball more times than Bernard did," assistant coach Chris Malone said.
"Good growth from Dave and he's really come along in terms of being in the squad."
Foley's concussion woes will also be a concern for Wallabies coach Michael Cheika in the leadup to the June internationals against Fiji, Scotland and Italy.
"There's enough scary articles and different things out there and productions and film around concussion, and it's an issue today that it didn't use to be," Malone said.
"Therefore, from a coaching perspective, it's (only) a game at the end of the day. It's not worth risking the rest of someone's life for a game."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by John O'Brien)
April 13 MoSys Inc
* MoSys announces revised operating plan
* MoSys Inc - will implement a reduction in workforce of up to 35 positions, or approximately 60% of total headcount
* Says under plan, company will implement a reduction in workforce of up to 35 positions
* MoSys Inc - headcount reduction will be substantially completed in Q2 of 2017 and take place across all geographic locations
* MoSys Inc - this headcount reduction will be substantially completed in Q2 of 2017 and take place across all geographic locations.
* MoSys Inc says expects to incur approximately $0.6 million of charges for severance benefits and other one-time headcount termination costs
* MoSys Inc says expects to realize approximately $6.0 million of savings for personnel costs on an annual basis from headcount reductions
* MoSys Inc - company expects that substantially all of the charges will be recognized and paid in q2 2017
* Says in second half of 2016, its board of directors engaged an investment bank to act as its strategic financial advisor
* MoSys Inc - in second half of 2016 initiated a process to explore and review a range of strategic alternatives focused on maximizing stockholder value Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A mother-of-two was jailed today for three years for what a senior judge described as the “horrific” killing of pensioner Eddie Girvan in Co Antrim last year.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll (31), formerly of Verner Street, Belfast, had previously pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Mr Girvan at their Greenisland home on January 18, 2016.
Eddie Girvan
Passing sentence today at Belfast Crown Court, Mr Justice Treacy said the defendant would serve a further three years on licence as part of the determinent custodial sentence.
They said that they agreed with two consultant forensic psychologists that Henderson-McCarroll did not meet the dangerous provisions and that they did not pose a “significant risk of serious harm to the public in the future”.
The judge told the court: “This was an horrific crime and the deceased must have suffered terribly.”
The prosecution accepted their guilty plea to the manslaughter of the 67-year-old former plumber on the grounds of “diminished responsibilty”.
Them defence had argued that at the time of the killing Henderson-McCarroll was high on a cocktail of heroin and crystal drugs.
A defence QC had told a plea and sentence hearing in June this year that at the time of the manslaughter their life had descended into a “heroin hell” following the cot death of their infant daughter.
More to follow.
Bharat Book Bureau provides the report on "Europe Hydrogen and Fuel Cells Market" This report analyze the key countries by manufacturers, Type and Application the electrolyte reaction.
Media Contact
Sandhya Nair
+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
***@bharatbook.com Sandhya Nair+91 22 27810772 / 27810773
End
-- Hydrogen and Fuel Cells use hydrogen as a chemical element, and are made into batteries that store energy. The basic principle is the reverse reaction of electrolysis of water; hydrogen and oxygen were supplied to the cathode and anode, hydrogen diffusion through the cathode and the electrolyte reaction, the release of electrons through the external load to reach the anode.This report focuses on the Hydrogen and Fuel Cells in Europe market, especially in Germany, UK, France, Russia, and Italy. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, countries, type and application.Fuel Cell EnergyPanasonicPlug PowerIntelligent EnergyToshibaHyster-Yale GroupBallard Power SystemsDoosan Fuel CellNedstackHydrogenicsPearl HydrogenSunrise PowerOthersGermanyUKFranceRussiaItalyAir-cooled TypeWater-cooled TypeStationaryTransportPortableChapter 1, to describe Hydrogen and Fuel Cells Introduction, product type and application, market overview, market analysis by countries, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force;Chapter 2, to analyze the manufacturers of Hydrogen and Fuel Cells, with profile, main business, news, sales, price, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017;Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers in Europe, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017;Chapter 4, to show the Europe market by countries, covering Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia, with sales, price, revenue and market share of Hydrogen and Fuel Cells, for each country, from 2012 to 2017;Chapter 5 and 6, to show the market by type and application, with sales, price, revenue, market share and growth rate by type and application, from 2012 to 2017;Chapter 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, to analyze the key countries by manufacturers, Type and Application, covering Germany, UK, France, Italy and Russia, with sales, revenue and market share by manufacturers, types and applications;Chapter 12, Hydrogen and Fuel Cells market forecast, by countries, type and application, with sales, price, revenue and growth rate forecast, from 2017 to 2022;Chapter 13, to analyze the manufacturing cost, key raw materials and manufacturing process etc.Chapter 14, to analyze the industrial chain, sourcing strategy and downstream end users (buyers);Chapter 15, to describe Hydrogen and Fuel Cells sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers etc.Chapter 16 and 17, to describe Hydrogen and Fuel Cells Research Findings and Conclusion, Appendix, methodology and data sourceFor More Information Report: https://www.bharatbook.com/ alternative- renewable-market- r... For More Related Report: https://www.bharatbook.com/ market-research- report/alterna... About Bharat Book Bureau:Bharat Book Bureau is the leading market research information provider for market research reports, company profiles, industry analysis, country reports, business reports, newsletters and online databases Bharat Book Bureau provides over a million reports from more than 400 publishers around the globe. We cover sectors starting from Aeronautics to Zoology.In case the reports don't match your requirement then we can do specialized Custom Research for you. Our multifarious capabilities, cross-sector expertise and detailed knowledge of various markets, put us in a unique position to take up Custom Research demands of yourself.Contact us at:Bharat Book BureauTel: +91 22 27810772 / 27810773Email: poonam@bharatbook.comTwitter: https://twitter.com/researchbookOur Blog: https://www.bharatbook.com/blog/Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BharatBook3BLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/bharat-book-bureau
FRISCO - When Cowboys receiver great Drew Pearson showed up to Cowboys minicamp on Wednesday, it wasn't out of boredom. Pearson, who helped the Cowboys to Super Bowl XII during their decade in Dallas, has had a busy offseason. It's not been a typical spring for the 66-year-old.
"It's been really a different type of offseason," Pearson said Wednesday from Cowboys minicamp. "Normally this type of year it's easy sailing, might get one appearance here or there. But just last month had six or seven appearances. This month in June I've been rolling ... A lot of it has to do with that presentation at the draft."
Pearson's job draft weekend was to announce the Cowboys' second-round draft pick, Colorado cornerback Chidobe Awuzie. But what was simply a presentation for many franchise legends became much more from Pearson. Walking out to deafening boos from Philadelphia Eagles fans, Pearson got creative.
"How about them Cowboys?" Pearson asked a rowdy audience at the time. "I want to thank the Eagles fans for allowing me to have a career in the NFL."
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health (DOH) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset...
By Vaughan Elder
The Dunedin City Council has warned people not to drink water across large parts of the city.
The warning
The Dunedin City Council this morning issued a boil water notice, warning residents in a large swathe of the city to avoid drinking water from the tap, or boil it, because of a water quality issue.
The council has activated its emergency operations centre (EOC) as it races to flush potentially contaminated water from the city's drinking water supply.
Advertisement
Who is affected
The affected area stretches across much of the north of the city, including the CBD, North Dunedin, Leith Valley, Woodhaugh and any area in the central city between the town belt and the harbour.
How long is the warning expected to last
The boil water notice was expected to remain until tomorrow afternoon.
The risks
Council infrastructure and networks general manager Ruth Stokes said there was no certainty about the level of risk associated with the affected water.
"In some parts it would have been reasonably diluted, but you're basically drinking water that's the equivalent of drinking it straight out of a stream or lake."
The cause
The council says it appeared untreated raw water released from the Ross Creek Reservoir on Sunday had been able to enter the city's drinking water network.
Workers had begun releasing water from the reservoir into the Lindsay Creek on Sunday, in preparation for work set to begin in the area.
Complaints were received Monday night and this morning, prompting an investigation which found an old pipe - no longer recorded on council plans - just below the reservoir.
The pipe connected to the city's drinking supply, allowing raw water back into the network.
Where to get drinkable water
Eight water tankers have been dispatched to parts of the city, including to George St Normal School and Logan Park High School, both in the affected area.
A rush means finding bottled water at supermarkets may be difficult.
Here are the locations and times water tankers will be available:
• Cnr Dundas & Montgomery Ave, from about 2pm.
• Outside Otago Museum (Main Entrance) from about 2pm.
• Outside George Street Normal School from about 2pm.
• Oval BP forecourt from about 2pm.
• The Octagon from about 12pm.
• Outside Hunters Furniture Cumberland St from about 2pm.
• Dunedin Hospital
• The council says Dunedin Hospital has also activated its own EOC, and is relying on water tankers arranged by the council to supply fresh drinking water.
• The Southern District Health Board said Dunedin Hospital is operating as normal.
Chinese 100 yuan banknotes are seen on a counter of a branch of a commercial bank in Beijing, China, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon/File Photo
BEIJING Moves to control capital outflows and concerns over a potential further depreciation of the yuan are likely to impede the internationalization of Chinese currency, Fitch credit rating agency said.
Beijing has announced a string of measures since November to tighten controls on money moving out of the country, including closer scrutiny of outbound investments, large overseas money transfers and individual foreign exchange purchases.
"Policies to contain capital outflows and ongoing concerns over currency depreciation are likely to hold back internationalization in the short-term," Fitch Ratings said in a report published on Monday.
"Progress toward the Chinese renminbi becoming a more important global currency has lost momentum over the last two years, notwithstanding its landmark inclusion in the IMF's Special Drawing Rights (SDR) currency basket in late 2016," it said.
But a gradual increase in holdings of yuan, also known as the renminbi, by reserve managers could still support China's rating profile over time, it added.
The proportion of international currency payments denominated in yuan fell to 1.8 percent in March 2017 from 2 percent a year earlier, Fitch said, citing data from SWIFT.
Still, highlighting data from the China Central Depository & Clearing Co., the agency noted that the share of external holdings of Chinese government bonds during the same period increased to 3.9 percent from 3 percent.
About 17 percent of China's trade deals were settled in the yuan in 2016, off a peak of 26 percent hit in 2015 and 22 percent in 2014, according to Reuters' calculations based on official data.
Yuan settlements were close to zero in 2009, when internationlization was seen as a way for firms to reduce currency risks and also to challenge the U.S. dollar's role as the world's major reserve currency.
The yuan could be used as a reserve currency over the long term given the global importance and inter-connectedness of China's economy, Fitch said.
Data released by the International Monetary Fund in March showed China's share of allocated currency reserves, reported by the IMF for the first time, totaled just over 1 percent, or $84.51 billion.
Policy stimulus has stabilized the economy, but leverage and financial risks continue to build, Fitch said, adding that investor concerns about medium-term financial stability are likely to dent the yuan's attractiveness.
The yuan CNY=CFXS has stabilized this year, due to curbs on capital outflows and a reversal of the dollar rally, following a fall of 6.5 percent in 2016. Still, it is widely expected to weaken further versus the dollar this year.
The Chinese authorities are unlikely to pursue significant capital account liberalization if it poses risks to domestic financial stability, Fitch said.
"We therefore expect capital controls to be lifted in an asymmetric way over the next couple of years, with restrictions on inflows relaxed steadily and those on outflows mostly kept in place," it said.
(Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
A nuisance Northampton town centre flat has been shut and its tenant booted out by police following complaints over disorderly behaviour.
The closure order, granted under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, was imposed on Flat 32, Bedford Mansions, Derngate, Northampton, on Friday (August 11).
Northampton Magistrates' Court heard the occupant had been engaging in disorderly, offensive or criminal behaviour in the flat that was "a serious nuisance to local residents and members of the public".
PC Andy Ayres said: “Officers from Northampton Neighbourhoods Team worked with Optivo Homes and residents to build a picture of the activities at this address. This demonstrates our commitment to protect people from harm by working with our partners for the benefit of the whole community.”
The premises will be closed for three months.
Demonstrators clash with police during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
WASHINGTON An influential group of Republican and Democratic U.S. senators introduced sweeping legislation on Wednesday to address the crisis in Venezuela, including sanctioning individuals responsible for undermining democracy or involved in corruption,
The bill, first reported by Reuters, would provide $10 million in humanitarian aid to the struggling country, require the State Department to coordinate a regional effort to ease the crisis, and ask U.S. intelligence to report on the involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade.
It also calls on President Donald Trump to take all necessary steps to prevent Rosneft, Russia's state oil company, from gaining control of any U.S. energy infrastructure.
Rosneft has been gaining ground in Venezuela as the country scrambles for cash. The Venezuelan state oil company, PDVSA, last year used 49.9 percent of its shares in its U.S. subsidiary, Citgo, as collateral for loan financing by Rosneft.
In total, Rosneft has lent PDVSA between $4 billion and $5 billion.
The measure comes as the international community has struggled to respond to the deep economic crisis and street protests in the South American OPEC nation.
At least 33 people have been killed, more than 400 injured and over 1,000 arrested since demonstrations against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government began in April amid severe shortages of food and medicine, deep recession and hyper-inflation.
On Wednesday, Venezuelan opposition supporters took over the main thoroughfare in Caracas to protest Maduro's creation of a powerful new "constituent assembly," which they see as their attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections.
Senate aides said the bill sought to react to the crisis by working with countries across the Americas and international organizations, rather than unilaterally, while targeting some of the root causes of the crisis and supporting human rights.
U.S. officials have long been reluctant to be too vocal about Venezuela, whose leaders accuse Washington of being the true force behind opposition to the country's leftist government.
PROMINENT SPONSORS
The lead sponsors of the legislation are Senator Ben Cardin, the senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Marco Rubio, the Republican chairperson of the panel's western hemisphere subcommittee and a vocal critic of Venezuela's government.
Boosting its chances of getting through Congress, co-sponsors include Senator John Cornyn, the chamber's No. 2 Republican, and Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat, as well as Republican Senator John McCain, the influential chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
"It is in the strategic interest of the United States to support the restoration of democracy in Venezuela and work with regional partners to put the country back on a path to peace, prosperity and stability," Cardin said in a statement.
The bill has 11 sections, seeking to deal with the crisis with a broad brush.
Addressing corruption, it would require the U.S. State Department and intelligence agencies to prepare an unclassified report, with a classified annex, on any involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade.
The U.S. Treasury Department has in the past sanctioned Venezuelan officials or former officials, charging them with trafficking or corruption, a designation that allows their assets in the United States to be frozen and bars them from conducting financial transactions through the United States.
The officials have denied the charges, and called them a pretext as part of an effort to topple Maduro's government.
The new legislation seeks to put into law sanctions imposed under former President Barack Obama's executive order targeting individuals found to "undermine democratic governance" or involved in corruption.
(Additional reporting by Andrew Cawthorne and Alexandra Ulmer in Caracas; editing by Peter Cooney and Tom Brown)
HELSINKI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Finland's President Sauli Niinisto became the first holder of the country's top job to have a baby in office when their wife Jenni Haukio gave birth to a boy on Friday, their office said.
“The mother and the baby are well, according to the father who was present at the birth,” the statement read.
Niinisto, 69, and Haukio, 40, were married in 2009. The child is Haukio's first and Niinisto's third. Niinisto lost their first wife in a car accident in 1995.
Last month, Niinisto - a moderate politician known for cultivating good relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin - was elected by a huge margin for a second six-year term in the office. (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl)
(Reuters Health) - - Adults with type 1 diabetes may be able to manage their blood sugar levels just as well with multiple daily insulin injections as they can with continuous insulin pumps, a recent study suggests.
In type 1 diabetes, a lifelong condition, the pancreas produces little or no insulin, a hormone needed to allow blood sugar to enter cells and produce energy. People with the condition usually have to test their own blood sugar level throughout the day and inject insulin to manage it; otherwise they risk complications like heart disease and kidney damage.
Some previous research has suggested pumps may help patients get better blood sugar control than they can achieve by giving themselves multiple daily insulin injections. But patients tend to get more intensive training on managing their blood sugar with pumps than they do with injections, so some doctors have questioned whether better patient education might be the reason pumps get better results.
For the current study, researchers set out to answer this question. They offered 260 adults with type 1 diabetes the same education on how to manage their blood sugar, also known as blood glucose, and then randomly assigned participants to use pumps or daily injections.
"What the trial shows fairly unequivocally is that education/training can produce considerable benefit, although it leaves many patients still a long way from current glucose targets," said lead study investigator Dr. Simon Heller, a diabetes researcher at the University of Sheffield in the UK.
To compare pumps to injections, researchers examined average blood sugar levels over the course of several months by measuring changes to the hemoglobin molecule in red blood cells. The hemoglobin A1c test measures the percentage of hemoglobin that is coated with sugar, with readings of 6.5 percent or above signaling diabetes.
At the start of the study, participants had average A1c readings of 9.1 percent, indicating poorly controlled blood sugar with an increased risk of serious complications.
After two years of follow-up, most patients still had poorly controlled blood sugar. People using the pumps achieved average A1c reductions of 0.85 percentage points, compared with 0.42 percentage points with multiple daily injections, researchers report in the BMJ.
Once researchers accounted for other factors that can influence blood sugar such as age, sex and treatment center, the difference in A1c for pump versus injection patients was too small to rule out the possibility that it was due to chance.
There are many different types of pumps and injection devices on the market, and one limitation of the study is that researchers didn't examine how specific design features might influence how well patients succeeded in managing their blood sugar, the authors note.
It's also possible that the effort to give pump and injection patients the same level of education may have skewed the results because in real life, patients might get more education when they start using pumps than they would for injections, said Dr. Roman Hovorka, director of research at the University of Cambridge Metabolic Research Laboratories in the UK.
Pumps also have a technological advantage that wasn't addressed in the study, Hovorka, who wasn't involved in the research, said by email. These devices can collect data on insulin delivery and blood sugar levels and transmit that information to clinicians, enabling doctors to adjust treatment based on the results.
But because pumps are much more expensive than injections, it doesn't make sense to use them unless they have a proven advantage for blood sugar control, said Dr. Edwin Gale, emeritus professor of diabetes at the University of Bristol in the UK.
In the UK, pumps cost about 2,500 pounds ($3,116.25) a year plus an additional 1,500 pounds ($1,869.75) for batteries and other supplies, researchers note.
"I think the take-home message for patients is that pumps won't do the job for you," Gale said by email. "They are not for everyone, and many people can do just as well on multiple injections."
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nI6wP9 The BMJ, online March 30, 2017.
($1 = 0.8022 pounds)
Switzerland's first insect-based food aimed at human consumers will go on sale next week following a revision of the country's food safety laws, a supermarket chain has revealed.
Switzerland's second-largest supermarket chain, Coop, announced it would begin selling an insect burger, and insect balls, based on protein-rich mealworm.
According to the Daily Mail, the products, made by a Swiss startup called Essento, will be available in a handful of Coop branches, including in Geneva, Bern and Zurich, as of August 21, according to a statement.
Switzerland is the first European country to authorize the sale of insect-based food items for human consumption, a spokesperson for the country's food safety authority told AFP.
Advertisement
Swiss food safety laws were changed last May to allow for the sale of food items containing three types of insects: crickets, grasshoppers and mealworms, which are the larval form of the mealworm beetle.
These insects, long used in animal feed, must be bred under strict supervision for four generations before they are considered appropriate for human consumption, according to Swiss law.
Local production will thus take a few months to get started.
In the meantime, imports are possible under strict conditions - the insects must be raised in accordance with the Swiss requirements at a company submitted to inspections by national food safety authorities.
In other countries around the world, insect dishes are already the norm.
According to the University of California, Riverside, the practice of eating insects, called entomophagy, has been practised by humans for thousands of years.
It's still common in many tropical countries - according to the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations, insects supplement the diets of approximately 2 billion people.
Black bean & smoky bacon dip w coriander, queso, chili, cricket tortilla (v on request) (gf on request) Posted by Mexico NZ on Sunday, 21 May 2017
A popular snack food in Thailand, called jing leed, features deep-fried crickets served with a soy-type sauce
Here in New Zealand, cricket flour and other insect flours are being introduced in specialist stores and at certain Mexico restaurants you can even try out their new cricket flour tortillas.
UPDATE 9:09 a.m.:
A missing skier reported to be out of bounds from Revelstoke Mountain Resort was located just before 9 a.m. today by the Revelstoke Search and Rescue team. An RCMP press release says the skier is cold, but is in fine condition.
The Revelstoke RCMP would like to remind backcountry and out-of-bounds skiers to ski with others, be prepared to spend the night, have a cell phone and working batter, carry a flashlight, extra food and water and to tell others where they're going.
ORIGINAL:
Revelstoke Search and Rescue are looking for a skier reported missing Sunday afternoon.
Joseph Stelcasky, 41, was last seen at Revelstoke Mountain Resort at 1 p.m. before attempting to ski the Brown Shorts run.
They were reported to be wearing a lime green ski jacket, yellow ski pants and green boots.
Revelstoke RCMP suspect that Stelcasky is in the area by Greely Road near the water plant.
Police patrols of the area overnight could not locate him.
Revelstoke RCMP are encouraging anyone with information about Stelcasky's last-known whereabouts to call them at 250-837-5255.
@marissatiel
marissa.tiel@revelstokereview.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Sacramento, CA, USA — 31th May 2018 — Fisher Chiropractic proposes to you the very nice and unique services that will help you release the pain. Special approach to every client and really relaxing feelings are not the only advantages and features of their services. If you would like to get rid of any pain and back concerns, then you should definitely take into account the Fisher Chiropractic offerings. For those living in Sacramento, Fisher Chiropractic is the best choice for you.
The website of Fisher Chiropractic is a very informative platform, user friendly as well. You can easily discover everything you need on their webpage and explore the Fisher Chiropractic company. Their services are thoroughly described in the articles and you can even check the many reviews of the Fisher Chiropractic previous clients. One more feature of the Fisher Chiropractic page is that you can instantly send them an email from their site. You can also find the address on Google Maps there.
Why Fisher Chiropractic is the best choice to consider? Many things make this company unique. They have a particular approach to every of their clients, thus assuring to everyone 100% result. Also, their price ranges are quite affordable and worth it. One more point to refer to, the Fisher Chiropractic experts are certifies and know well how to deal with your problem. Te Fisher Chiropractic services have already helped hundreds people and will have many more. Don't miss the chance to explore better this company.
About Fisher Chiropractic:
Fisher Chiropractic is the company that will eliminate any piece of pain from your back, with the very nice offerings of massage and chirotherapies. You can definitely rely on the golden hands of the Fisher Chiropractic experts who know very well what to do with your back. Efficient and simply relaxing therapies can make you the happiest person in the world. Fisher Chiropractic is all about trust and effectiveness. Don't miss the chance to start a new life without pains.
Contact:
Company Name: Fisher Chiropractic
Address: 1221 Alhambra Blvd. Ste #105, Sacramento, CA 95816
Phone: (916) 451-5552
Website: http://www.fisherchiropractic.net/
Slimmers who set ambitious targets lose twice as many pounds as those who try to be realistic, according to new research.
A study of more than 24,000 dieters found those who set the toughest goals shed almost a fifth of their body weight - about double the amount of those who lowered the bar.
The findings are food for thought for those making a New Year resolution to go on a diet.
And obesity experts are calling for changes to public health guidance which suggests slimmers set themselves a ‘realistic' target of losing 5-10 per cent of their starting weight.
They want patients to aim for their ‘dream weight' after the dramatic results of the 12 month experiment reported in the Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics .
The participants were Slimming World members with a BMI (body mass index) of at least 30 which put them in the obese category who were all attending weekly group support sessions.
Those whose aim was to lose less than 10 per cent of their body weight did typically achieve their goal shedding an average of 11 per cent - equivalent to 1st 11lbs for someone who weighs 16 stone.
But those who set the most ambitious targets lost almost twice as much weight overall - an average of 19 per cent in a year, or 3st 1lb for someone weighing 16st.
Change of approach needed?
In the UK around a quarter of people are obese, meaning their weight could be seriously affecting their health.
The traditional approach advised by NHS Choices is thought to be based on the thinking ambitious goals are less likely to be achieved, which could result in disappointment, decreased effort and people giving up on their journey.
But the new research suggests rather than trying to protect them from disappointment health experts should instead be encouraging slimmers to ‘shoot for the moon' and get support to achieve their goals.
Professor Amanda Avery, a nutritionist at Nottingham University, said: “January is the most popular time of the year to start a healthy weight loss programme and so it's really important people have the information they need to maximise their chances of success.
“We know current NHS and NICE advice around realistic weight loss targets is designed to protect slimmers from disappointment.
“However, suggesting that people place limits on their weight loss aims could stop people from seeing what they're capable of. It's important that people have aspirations and can visualise themselves achieving success.
“This research shows that, when it comes to losing weight, it's best to inspire people to set the weight loss target they would personally really like to achieve. This will help with their motivation as, if it is really their dream weight, they'll be far more committed to achieving it.
“Setting a target is really only the beginning, though, and it's vital that people also get regular support to make healthy changes to their eating and activity habits and to help them stay focused, committed and encouraged.
“Working together with others to share experiences and solutions to challenges and to celebrate successful weight loss and behaviour change can keep people motivated to achieve long-term success.
“It's great that the NHS and NICE already encourage people who want to lose weight to set a target, as our study found that people who set their own personal target - as most of our members choose to - were 10 times more likely to be successful.
“The next stage is for them to look more closely at how encouraging patients to aim for their dream weight can increase their chances of success, as long as they're also getting support along the way.”
“I set myself that high target and I haven't looked back.”
Hollie Barrett, 30, from Suffolk, lost 8st 6lbs after their Slimming World Consultant encouraged them to set the Personal Achievement Target they really wanted.
They said: “I was 17st 11lbs at my heaviest and my confidence was really low. I felt like my weight was holding me back in every aspect of my life, especially when it came to doing things with my children.
“Even things other mums might take for granted, like taking the children swimming, seemed off limits because I felt so self-conscious. I once chased my daughter, Imogen, up the stairs to bed and was so breathless I couldn't speak properly to read them a book - it broke my heart. I didn't want them to be bullied at school because their mum was so overweight either.
“My whole life I'd wanted to be a size 8 but I never really believed I could be.
“I set myself that high target, committed to following the plan 100 per cent and in my first week I lost 9½lbs! From there I haven't looked back.”
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
March 31 China Health Group Ltd
* Company and miss hao entered into agreement
* Miss Hao to grant an operation right to co to manage and operate eldercare gardens for a term of 30 years from april 2017 to March 2047 Source text ( bit.ly/2oGUgfi ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Charleston International Airport in South Carolina was evacuated on Friday after a suspicious package was found at the airport, police said.
A report of a suspicious package was made at 5:23 a.m. local time and forced the entire airport to be evacuated as authorities investigated the situation, a dispatcher at the Charleston Police Department said.
“Authorities are investigating a suspicious package in the airport. No other details available at this time,” the airport said on its Twitter account. (Reporting by Brendan O‘Brien, editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: An Alitalia plane approaches to land at Fiumicino international airport in Rome, Italy, October 14, 2013. REUTERS/Max Rossi/File Photo
ROME Italy's Industry Minister Carlo Calenda is set to appoint three commissioners to run Alitalia after the airline asked to be placed under special administration, a source close to the matter said on Tuesday.
The commissioners will include Luigi Gubitosi, Alitalia's chairperson elect, and Enrico Laghi, who served as one of the special commissioners managing the restructuring of Italian steel plant Ilva, the person added.
Alitalia on Tuesday requested to be put under special administration after workers rejected management's latest revamp plan -- kicking off a process that will lead to the carrier being overhauled, sold off or wound up altogether.
(Reporting by Alberto Sisto, writing by Agnieszka Flak, editing by Valentina Za)
Comments about a minor controversy other Karl Marx in a video game.
In 2015 the company Ubisoft released another game in its Assassin's Creed franchise called Syndicate. The game was set in London in 1868 and some of its decisions caused a bit of a stir on social media and in the comments sections of video game websites. There were several different but often tangentially related controversies, but I'm only focussing on one, the inclusion of the minor character Karl Marx.
If your not familiar with the game series, don't worry the games themselves didn't have anything to do with this particular argument, all you need to keep in mind is that the game takes place in London 1868 and it has Karl Marx in it.
Right wing types were very angry about their inclusion, but that's to be expected and I'm not going to waste anyone's time on that one. Instead I'm focussing on another counter backlash from gamers whom either identify as Marxists or at least identify as pro Karl Marx in some sense. If you take a look at the above image you'll see the core of the disagreement. On the left is a representation of Karl Marx from the game, their character model and a quotation from one of their lines of dialogue, juxtaposed with a quotation on the right hand side. Essentially some Marxist gamers were accusing the company of a deliberate distortion of the man.
And having played the game and read some of Marx's work, I have to disagree. Some background info, the quotation on the left "killing people and destroying property solves nothing. Democracy is the only way to Socialism". Is said by Marx when they want the player character (PC) to stop an anarchist friend of theirs from taking stolen explosives and trying to blow up parliament. As far as I'm aware Karl Marx never said that statement in those exact words, but I've not read everything they ever wrote so I'm not going to rule it out entirely. However when the statement is broken down into its two parts
Karl Marx disapproves of terrorism
Karl Marx thinks democracy is a necessary condition to move onto socialism
Then yes it is very representative of the historical Karl Marx. Karl Marx and Engels were quite open about being resistant to terrorism carried out by individuals or small groups. To pick one example in 1867 just one year before the games setting there was bomb attack by Fenians in Clerkenwell, this is Karl Marx responding to it in Ireland and the Irish question
The last exploit of the Fenians in Clerkenwell was a very stupid thing. The London masses, who have shown great sympathy for Ireland, will be made wild by it and be driven into the arms of the government party. One cannot expect the London proletarians to allow themselves to be blown up in honour of the Fenian emissaries. There is always a kind of fatality about such a secret, melodramatic sort of conspiracy. Quote:
I'm honestly a little surprised that so many declared Marxists take issue with this part of the phrase since anecdotally speaking their views on these tactics were quite well known and many other well known Marxists developed it further. Trotsky for example wrote several pamphlets outlining what they called a Marxist case against terrorism.
Onto point two, again It's not hard to find both Marx and Engels talking about how necessary democracy is for the revolution. In principles of Communism written by Engels in 1847 an entire section is dedicated to this. Section 18 What Will the Course of this Revolution be?
Above all, it will establish a democratic constitution, and through this, the direct or indirect dominance of the proletariat . Direct in England, where the proletarians are already a majority of the people. Indirect in France and Germany, where the majority of the people consists not only of proletarians, but also of small peasants and petty bourgeois who are in the process of falling into the proletariat, who are more and more dependent in all their political interests on the proletariat, and who must, therefore, soon adapt to the demands of the proletariat. Perhaps this will cost a second struggle, but the outcome can only be the victory of the proletariat. Democracy would be wholly valueless to the proletariat if it were not immediately used as a means for putting through measures directed against private property and ensuring the livelihood of the proletariat. The main measures, emerging as the necessary result of existing relations, are the following: Quote:
The above is the opening remarks, the bolding is my own.
Now that's Engels, personally I'm not a fan of treating the two as conjoined, so what did Marx say? Well in 1848 in the Manifesto of the Communist league they had this to say,
We have seen above, that the first step in the revolution by the working class is to raise the
proletariat to the position of ruling class to win the battle of democracy.
The proletariat will use its political supremacy to wrest, by degree, all capital from the
bourgeoisie, to centralise all instruments of production in the hands of the State,
i.e., of the proletariat organised as the ruling class; and to increase the total productive forces as rapidly as possible. Quote:
Democracy is key to the Proletariat becoming a ruling class, and only through becoming a ruling class can the proletariat begin attacking bourgeois property relations.
Also in 1848 Marx gave a short speech commemorating the second anniversary of the Krakow insurrection. The speech was later called Communism, Revolution and a Free Poland. In the speech they rubbish the claims of hostile European governments that the revolt was a communist one, i.e. an attack on property, but they do champion its democratic aims and at the conclusion notes positively that the rising has left a big influence on the Democrats of Europe and has sparked similar movements elsewhere.
The Krakow revolution has set all of Europe a glorious example, because it identified the question of nationalism with democracy and with the liberation of the oppressed class. Even though this revolution has been strangled with the bloody hands of paid murderers, it now nevertheless rises gloriously and triumphantly in Switzerland and in Italy. It finds its principles confirmed in Ireland, where O'Connell's party [the Irish Confederation, founded January 1847] with its narrowly restricted nationalistic aims has sunk into the grave, and the new national party is pledged above all to reform and democracy. Again it is Poland that has seized the initiative, and no longer a feudal Poland but a democratic Poland; and from this point on its liberation has become a matter of honor for all the democrats of Europe. Quote:
So It's not entirely unreasonable that 1868 Karl Marx would say something like this, especially as an alternative to individual acts of terrorism.
Now there's also an interesting bit of context missing from the "real" Karl Marx on the right. The passage "We have no compassion and we ask no compassion from you. When our turn comes, we shall not make excuses for the terror. " comes from an 1849 edition of the Neue Rheinische Zeitung. Specifically the last issue of that paper because the Rhinish government had just ordered it closed and given the editor Marx, 24 hours to voluntarily leave the Rhineland or they would forcibly expel him. So understandably they were very angry, but more importantly is that they aren't talking about the final stages of the revolution. On the contrary the "we" and its "terror" is democratic social republicanism. He's attacking the noble class that ruled the German states, and he's threatening them with the spectre of a victorious republic.
And at that time we were speaking with the judiciary. We summed up the old year, 1848, in the following words (cf. the issue of December 31, 1848): "The history of the Prussian middle class, and that of the German middle class in general between March and December shows that a purely middle-class revolution and the establishment of bourgeois rule in the form of a constitutional monarchy is impossible in Germany, and that the only alternatives are either a feudal absolutist counterrevolution or a social republican revolution." Did we therefore have to advance our social republican tendency only in the "last pieces" of the Neue Rheinische Zeitung? Did you not read our articles about the June revolution, and was not the essence of the June revolution the essence of our paper? Why then your hypocritical phrases, your attempt to find an impossible pretext? We have no compassion and we ask no compassion from you. When our turn comes, we shall not make excuses for the terror. But the royal terrorists, the terrorists by the grace of God and the law, are in practice brutal, disdainful, and mean, in theory cowardly, secretive, and deceitful, and in both respects disreputable. Quote:
So in a sense the "real" Karl Marx is supporting the views of the "fake" ubisoft Karl Marx, just in more explicit language.
Conclusion - Why on earth does this matter?
Well I'm not going to pretend this is an earth shattering opinion or an event that everyone must take a stand on. I'm only talking about this now because its been popping back up again. I just thought it was worth pointing out that we have a backlash against a depiction of Karl Marx for being phoney, and in process discovered that quite a few self declared Marxists aren't very familiar with the man or theirs ideas.
I'd just like to finish up here with my own comments on Karl Marx in Syndicate.
A quick summary,
Karl Marx in the game wants the PC's help to protect them while they organise an underground meeting to discuss Trade Unions.
Karl Marx wants the PC to talk their friend the Anarchist called Morris out of what they think is a counter-productive action.
Karl Marx wants the PC to collect information on a factory about the working conditions and its accident rate to support their political work.
Karl Marx wants the PC to be security at an open air meeting with London dockworkers so they can talk about exploitation.
Karl Marx also remarks that he's had to suffer police surveillance and harassment for most of their time as an activist.
Karl Marx is really wanting to build what they call the Workers Party
Its not perfect, reuses the reform word a bit too much for my liking, but considering he's a character in a video game that caters to a large mainstream audience and not made by overt Marxists, and is not trying to be a complete accurate record of historical events, It's pretty good. Especially when you factor in that for many this will be the first time they've encountered Karl Marx directly. It probably goes a bit too far in presenting them as a do gooder, but Marx in the popular conciousness is still heavily associated with state terror and mass murder, thanks to the legacy of several regimes. So maybe pushing them in this direction is actually a good thing.
I don't know, here's a video that has all of their cutscenes; feel free to judge their depiction on your own.
It cuts out the speech they give, but sadly the only videos I can find that keep that in has the player talking over it.
April 28 Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane SpA:
* Q1 revenues: 86.4 million euros ($94.13 million) (up 5.8 pct compared with the first quarter of 2016)
* Q1 profits: 28.9 million euros (up 23.0 pct compared with the same period of 2016)
* Confirms the guidelines, already disclosed to the market, in outlook for the 2017 financial year Source text: www.1info.it Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9179 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 3 Laboratorio Reig Jofre SA:
* To produce for Laboratorios Leti biotech vaccine developed from protein Q, which Laboratorios Leti plans to commercialize internationally
* Reig Jofre has collaborated over the past seven years with Laboratorios LETI in the industrial development of the first recombinant veterinary vaccine against leishmaniasis Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 3 Chemours Co
* Chemours Co - on April 3, 2017, co entered into amendment no. 4 to its credit agreement dated May 12, 2015 - SEC filing
* Chemours Co - amendment provides for a new class of term loans, denominated in Euros, in an aggregate principal amount of €400 million
* Chemours Co - proceeds of the new term loans will be used to prepay in full the term loans outstanding under the credit agreement
* Chemours Co - amendment also provides a new class of term loans, denominated in dollars, in an aggregate principal amount of $940 million
* Chemours Co - the new term loans mature on May 12, 2022 which is the same maturity date of the existing term loans
* Chemours Co - no incremental debt was incurred as a result of the amendment
* Chemours - amendment modifies certain provisions of credit agreement, including certain negative covenants to allow further flexibility for Co Source text: (bit.ly/2ov07bw) Further company coverage:
(Repeats story published Wednesday to widen distribution)
By Jessica DiNapoli
NEW YORK, March 30 Westinghouse Electric Co's financial distress sparked a feeding frenzy among Wall Street lenders keen to give the nuclear developer a lifeline while it reorganizes in bankruptcy, according to court papers and people familiar with the matter.
Westinghouse, the nuclear arm of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Wednesday after facing billions of dollars in cost overruns at power plants under construction in Georgia and South Carolina.
It has a proposal in hand for $800 million in bankruptcy financing from the credit arm of Apollo Global Management , which must be approved by a bankruptcy judge.
The private equity firm won the high-profile deal after Westinghouse said it was "inundated" with offers from investment banks, private equity houses and hedge funds for the financing, a so-called "debtor-in-possession" (DIP) loan, Westinghouse's turnaround adviser said in court papers.
"It's a coveted corner of the market," said David Tawil, president of Maglan Capital, a distressed-focused hedge fund. "People like DIPs a lot; there's not a lot of opportunity."
With lenders starved for yield, there are few opportunities to park nearly $1 billion and earn about 10 percent, the "all-in" interest rate on the loan, according to a person familiar with the matter.
Lenders were drawn to Westinghouse to provide the DIP because of the size of its funding needs, and because, unlike most companies facing bankruptcy with too much debt, it had no other loans or bonds already backed by its collateral.
"(That's) extremely rare, when you have no secured debt on a company," Tawil said.
Westinghouse also has a profitable nuclear services and maintenance business separate from its troubled power plant construction division that was highly attractive to lenders.
The company received 14 proposals for the financing, according to court papers.
Investment bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc and affiliates of hedge fund Highbridge Capital Management and private equity firm Silver Point Capital went as far as to file a letter with the bankruptcy court late Wednesday saying they could provide a "much more favorable financing" package than Apollo's. But then they withdrew it, offering no explanation.
Goldman and Apollo declined to comment. Westinghouse did not immediately return a request for comment.
The jockeying among the lenders to provide the financing underscores the scarcity of these deals across the restructuring sector.
There were 12 DIP loans totaling $7.47 billion in 2016, the highest in quantity and count since the depths of the financial crisis in 2009, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data, an increase likely driven by the oil and gas crash. In 2009, there were 37 such loans totaling $14.6 billion. Pre-existing lenders to companies often also fund the DIP as a way to protect their initial investment, leaving little room for outsiders like Apollo, Silver Point or Highbridge.
Last year when U.S. solar company SunEdison Inc filed for bankruptcy, existing lenders provided $300 million in DIP financing.
But Westinghouse's biggest creditors are its parent company Toshiba and the U.S. utilities that own the half-finished nuclear reactors. It has no other debt from third parties, except an undrawn bank credit line, the company's investment banker said in court papers.
(Reporting by Jessica DiNapoli; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 10 ICapital Network, a financial technology platform that provides high-net-worth investors and their advisers access to private equity and hedge funds, named Thomas Fortin managing partner and chief operating officer.
Fortin joins from BlackRock Inc, where they were head of retail technology with the company's solutions group.
Fortin will report to iCapital Chief Executive Lawrence Calcano.
(Reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru)
FILE PHOTO - A Blackberry smartphone is displayed in this illustrative picture taken in Bordeaux, Southwestern France, August 22, 2016. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau/File Photo
Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc said on Wednesday it was asked to refund Canada's BlackBerry Ltd $814.9 million in an arbitration over royalties for certain past sales.
U.S.-listed shares of BlackBerry were up 17.8 percent at $9.07 in heavy trading, while they were also up 17 percent at C$12.03 in Toronto.
Qualcomm's shares were down about 2 percent at $54.20.
The dispute started in 2016 following Qualcomm's agreement to cap certain royalties applied to payments made by BlackBerry under a licensing deal.
Qualcomm said on Wednesday it does not agree with the decision of the arbitration panel, but the payment is binding and not appealable.
With BlackBerry planning to invest for growth in its software businesses, the arbitration award will strengthen the company's balance sheet and increase the likelihood of acquisitions, Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Walkley wrote in a note.
They increased the price target to $9.50 from $8.
Qualcomm is fighting a lawsuit filed by Apple Inc, which has accused the company of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates.
The U.S. government has accused Qualcomm of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors used in mobile phones.
BlackBerry said on Wednesday a final award, which will include interest and reasonable attorneys' fees, will be issued after a hearing on May 30.
BlackBerry, which has a market valuation of about C$5.45 billion, reported revenue of C$1.31 billion in 2016, while Qualcomm, which has a market capitalization of $81.75 billion, reported a revenue of $23.5 billion.
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP represented BlackBerry in the proceeding.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Sriraj Kalluvila)
Ajit Pai, Chairman of U.S Federal Communications Commission, delivers their keynote speech at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 28, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
WASHINGTON The Republican head of the Federal Communications Commission on Thursday proposed easing regulatory requirements in the $45 billion business data services market, a win for companies like AT&T Inc, CenturyLink Inc, Verizon Communications Inc and others.
The proposal is a blow to companies like Sprint Corp and others that claim prices for business data are too high and backed a plan under President Barack Obama that would have cut prices but was never approved.
Small businesses, schools, libraries and others rely on business data services, or special-access lines, to transmit large amounts of data quickly, for instance connecting banks to ATM machines or gasoline pump credit card readers. Wireless carriers rely on them for the backhaul of mobile traffic. Reuters reported details of the proposal Wednesday.
FCC chairperson Ajit Pai said in a blog post the commission will vote April 20 to reform the rule that telecommunications experts say would deregulate the market in most of the country but would retain regulations in some places.
"Where this competition exists, we will relax unnecessary regulation, thereby creating greater incentives for the private sector to invest in next-generation networks. But where competition is still lacking, we'll preserve regulations necessary to prevent anti-competitive price increases," Pai said.
Consumer groups Public Knowledge and Consumer Federation of America called Pai's proposal a "bonanza" for big telecommunications companies that "will drain consumer pocketbooks of tens of billions of dollars per year."
Under President Barack Obama, then FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in April 2016 proposed a sweeping reform plan for business data services that aimed to reduce prices paid.
Wheeler had proposed maintaining and lowering lower price caps using legacy data systems with a one-time 11 percent reduction in prices phased in over three years.
Sprint, which backed Wheeler's proposal, told the FCC in a March 22 letter that "thousands of large and small businesses across the country are paying far too much for broadband because of inadequate competition."
Sprint argued "a small handful of companies are overcharging the very investors and employers that are critical to our economic growth and are using anticompetitive tactics to ensure that these businesses never have access to competitive alternatives."
AT&T argued Wheeler's plan was "little more than a wealth transfer to companies that have chosen not to invest in last mile fiber infrastructure."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Bubba Watson of the U.S. watches their tee shot off the fourth hole in second round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
American Bubba Watson posted a six-under-par 66 to take a slender clubhouse lead in the opening round of the weather-hit first day of the European Tour's Shenzen International in China on Thursday.
South African pair Dean Burmester and Haydn Porteous, Frenchman Gregory Bourdy, Thai Thongchai Jaidee and German Maximilian Kieffer managed to complete their rounds to sit just a shot back before play was called off due to bad light.
An hour and 50 minutes of play was lost in the afternoon due to the threat of lightning at Genzon Golf Club.
Dylan Frittelli of South Africa was four-under, with Dane Thorbjorn Olesen, Spaniard Eduardo de la Riva and Austrian Bernd Wiesberger at the same score with holes left to complete in their round.
After starting on the back nine, two-time Masters champion Watson had a bogey on the 12th but it proved to be the only blemish of their round.
After the bogey, Watson fought back with three birdies in the next four holes. Another gain came after making the turn, followed by an eagle on the second.
"You know anytime you shoot six-under, shoot in the 60s, you're happy with it but every golfer can pick and choose what they wish they did better, but all in all a great day and a good start," they told the European Tour.
"I just made putts today. Most of my swings and most of my shots were really good today and there were no bad swings in there so it just made the score better."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
TIMMINS -
The Quonta Drama Festival will be celebrating its 60th anniversary this year in Timmins with a three-day event in March.
The festival will feature three days of live stage performances on March 16, 17 and 18 at Timmins High & Vocational School's William Dawson Theatre.
A wrap-up luncheon and award's ceremony will take place on Sunday, March 19 at Cedar Meadows.
Timmins' own Take Two Theatre groups will be opening the event on Thursday, March 16 with a play by Norm Foster, entitled The Melville Boys.
Gore Bay Theatre will be performing Rex Deverell's Boiler Room Suite on Friday, March 17 and
Damien Atkins' play, Lucy, will be performed on the final day, Saturday, March 18, by the Sault Theatre Workshop from Sault Ste. Marie.
All of the performances begin at 7 p.m. (doors open at 6:30 p.m.) and are open for the public to watch.
The performances are then judged by a professional adjudicator, who is coming to Timmins from Southern Ontario, and the overall winner of the festival will then go on to compete in the Theatre Ontario Festival.
There are more than one dozen other awards also presented during the festival.
“It's really exciting,” said Take Two Theatre president Michelle Goulet of hosting the festival in Timmins. “It gives a lot of exposure to other theatre groups, to workshops that are held based in theatre arts and gives you an opportunity to mingle and network from other groups and learn and share ideas.
Because it's an awards ceremony, we're also able to get recognition for local people that are investing their time and energy.”
All of the plays that will be performed will have a Canadian focus, to coincide with the anniversary of Quonta and this year's Canada 150 celebrations.
Take Two Theatres show, Melville Boys, is a comedy-drama focused on the relationship between two brothers, Lee and Owen. The production is centered around the interactions they have with each other and with two new women they meet while on a trip to the family cabin.
“Lee has some health issues and Owen doesn't really want to face them,” Goulet explained. “It's about a weekend of them interacting, having conversations, talking about life and death and it's pretty heart-warming. It's a comedy, but there are definitely some dramatic moments in it and I think the audience is really going to enjoy this production.”
As well as the performance at the festival, Take Two Theatre will also be performing this play for a Timmins-only audience on Saturday, March 11. That show will also take place at the William Dawson Theatre and will begin at 7 p.m. It is being directed by Timmins' Murray Tilson.
“They can come see us on the Thursday or on the Saturday, or they can come see us at both,” Goulet, who will performing in the play this time around, said. “We've done Norm Foster plays before here in Timmins and they've always gotten a good response and my character is … interesting. It will be a lot of fun and I think Timmins will really enjoy it.”
After each performance, there will be a brief, public adjudication that the public is welcome to sit in on.
The formal adjudication process for each group will take place the morning after they perform.
There will also be a Spotlight Social held at the Working Class bar in downtown Timmins every evening, after the conclusion of that night's performance.
“That's where we are going to present the participating group for the evening and it will be a little bit of a celebration and meet-and-greet,” Goulet said.
Take Two Theatre has been in existence for more than 32 years and Goulet said hosting the festival this year will give its volunteer members a chance to perform in a prestigious festival in their home community.
“None of us are going to Hollywood, so this is our opportunity to be able to put some of our really hardworking volunteers into the spotlight,” they said.
Overall, all of the members of Take Two Theatre are looking forward to hosting the festival for the first time in more than a decade, and are hopeful that the local community will enjoy all that Quonta has to offer.
“We just hope the city not just supports our production, but the other two community groups, as well,” Goulet added. “Even though it's a competition, there is no ill-wishing or animosity. We're a very close-knit group of actors and directors and producers and tech people, so this is a very well-supported organization and we absolutely support the other groups, as well. I really hope that Timmins comes out to see Timmins and the other groups as well and there are some great plays so Timmins is in for a treat.”
Tickets for the Quonta Drama Festival are currently on sale now at the Black Spruce Gallery in Timmins, the Timmins Square customer service booth or by emailing taketwotheatre@gmail.com.
Single show tickets are available for $20 each, tickets for the awards luncheon at Cedar Meadows on Sunday are available for $25. A festival pass is also available for $80 and includes admittance to all three performances and the luncheon.
Take Two Theatre is also extending a request to the community for sponsorships to help offset some of the costs of hosting the festival.
An English five Pound note and coins are seen at a restaurant in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, July 21, 2016. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
LONDON Sterling held below seven-month highs versus the dollar on Wednesday, largely brushing off positive construction data and an initial round of posturing by Britain and the European Union over Brexit negotiations.
A better-than-expected construction PMI showing growth in Britain's construction industry touching a four-month high in April failed to have an impact on sterling compared with Tuesday's manufacturing data, which had given the pound a boost.
The pound barely budged after the numbers, trading close to levels seen before the data. Sterling was 0.2 percent lower at $1.2910, not far off a seven-month high of $1.2965 hit on the last trading day of April.
"The problem with the construction PMI is it's always the little brother of the three (monthly PMI surveys) in terms of its importance to the UK economy," said Christopher Beauchamp, market analyst at IG Markets.
The most closely watched of the surveys -- covering the services sector, which accounts for nearly 80 percent of Britain's economic output -- is due on Thursday.
Sterling largely brushed off headlines over the size of Britain's EU exit bill, along with suggestions from both sides that negotiations to exit the bloc would be difficult.
Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday that Britain would not pay 100 billion euros to leave the European Union, after the Financial Times reported that the bloc was preparing to demand that amount.
This came a day after British Prime Minister Theresa May promised EU officials they would be "a bloody difficult woman" in the talks, after being accused of underestimating the complexity of Brexit negotiations and having "illusions" over a deal.
The pound briefly dipped about 40 ticks during a speech by May on Wednesday afternoon in which they accused European politicians and officials of seeking to affect the outcome of the June 8 national election by issuing threats over Brexit.
But it recovered soon after, steadying to levels seen earlier in the day.
"The markets haven't really shown too much caution on this because it's still very much sort of empty rhetoric. There's no actual negotiations begun," said David Cheetham, chief markets analyst at XTB.
"I think there's a kind of concept within the market that both sides are kind of overstating their hand a little bit in order to get a strong opening position in the negotiations. But this will actually have little impact once the negotiations begin in earnest."
The pound was 0.1 percent lower at 84.55 pence per euro.
(Editing by Catherine Evans and Ed Osmond)
HONG KONG Senegal's Papiss Cisse scored their third goal in three games on Sunday as Shandong Luneng became the surprise early leaders of the Chinese Super League after champions Guangzhou Evergrande ended Shanghai SIPG's perfect start to the season.Shandong joined Guangzhou R&F on nine points from the first three games when Cisse's second-half double ensured Felix Magath's side beat bottom side Changchun Yatai 2-0.
"The first half was difficult but luckily we didn't fall behind," said Magath, a three-times Bundesliga winner with Bayern Munich and Wolfsburg. "We found our own rhythm in the second half.Guangzhou R&F are the only other team in the league with a perfect record three rounds into the season after Dragan Stojkovic's team picked up a 1-0 win over Yanbian Funde on Saturday. A late penalty from Ricardo Goulart earned champions Guangzhou Evergrande a 3-2 victory over ShanghaiSIPG.Andre Villas-Boas's SIPG had won all six of their previous games across all competitions in 2017, including their opening two Chinese Super League games, but went into the halftime break two goals down after strikes from Yu Hanchao and Alan Carvalho.
However, Elkeson's diving header, their fourth goal in three league matches, and another header from Hulk pulled SIPG level before Goulart scored from the penalty spot to give Evergrande a win that sees them draw level with Villas-Boas's side on six points.
"The second half was quite open and 2-2 would have been a fair result," said Villas-Boas. "But we also saw how hard the Evergrande players tried.
"They were the team putting more effort into attacking in the last phase of the match. At the end, they were the side kissed by luck and got a penalty."
Shanghai Shenhua missed the chance to move into third place, a Burak Yilmaz double securing Beijing Guoan's first win of the season at Workers' Stadium against Gustavo Poyet's side. Both teams now have four points from three matches.
Fabio Cannavaro's Tianjin Quanjian picked up their first win with a 1-0 victory over Henan Jianye while Hebei CFFC, coached by former Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini, also won for the first time this year when Hernanes scored from the penalty spot to secure the three points against Guizhou Zhicheng.
Jiangsu Suning, runners-up in 2016 in both the league and the Cup, continued their poor start with defeat by Liaoning Whowin that leaves them next to bottom. John Obi Mikel scored their first goal for new club Tianjin Teda in their 2-0 defeat of Chongqing Lifan.
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong, Editing by Clare Lovell)
The body believed to be that of the man swept out at Lake Onoke on the Wairarapa coast yesterday has been found.
Lake Ferry, Wairarapa. Source: Wikimedia Commons/ Celia WB
Police recovered the body about 11pm last night near the river mouth.
The fisherman went underwater and did not resurface while attempting to cross the Ruamahanga River mouth at around 2.30pm yesterday, police said.
(Adds background, comments from Republicans, governor, details on bill, byline)
By Steve Gorman
LOS ANGELES, April 28 California Governor Jerry Brown signed into law on Friday a bill to raise gasoline taxes and other transportation-related fees for the first time in decades in an ambitious $52 billion plan to repair the state's long-neglected roads and bridges.
The measure will increase excise taxes on gasoline by 12 cents per gallon, from the current rate of 28 cents, and on diesel fuel by 20 cents per gallon over the next 10 years. It will go into effect in November.
The bill cleared the state legislature three weeks ago, on the strength of a two-thirds super-majority the Democrats wield in both houses that allows them to pass new taxes with little or no Republican support.
Republicans condemned the increases, saying the state's transportation taxes and fees are already among the highest in the nation. They call the measure the largest gasoline tax in California's history.
"Californians got a lemon of a gas and car tax hike today," Senate Republican leader Patricia Bates said.
The average motorist in California, a state renowned for its car culture, will see transportation costs rise by about $10 a month, the bill's supporters say.
The governor insisted the pain of higher taxes would be more than offset by economic benefits.
"Safe and smooth roads make California a better place to live and strengthen our economy," Brown said. "This legislation will put thousands of people to work."
Brown, a Democrat who has governed largely as a fiscal moderate, refused to back any plan that involved borrowing money to shore up a sagging transportation system that has gone unrepaired and unexpanded for decades.
Supporters say the measure is needed to address a mounting backlog of deferred maintenance projects, including more than 500 bridges statewide requiring major repair, most of which are considered structurally deficient.
The fuel tax increases, together with higher vehicle registration fees and a new $100 annual fee on owners of electric-only vehicles, would raise $5.2 billion a year, all earmarked for road, highway and bridge repairs, along with mass transit and anti-congestion projects.
To address concerns that those revenues might end up diverted elsewhere in the budget, the bill calls for a state constitutional amendment to be placed on the June 2018 ballot that would, if approved, prohibit spending the funds on anything but transportation.
Supporters foresee creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs over the next decade, based on a federal formula that projects gains of some 13,000 jobs for every $1 billion of investment. (Reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by Sandra Maler and Leslie Adler)
April 20 E. W. Scripps Co:
* Scripps prices private offering of senior notes
* E. W. Scripps co says has priced its offering of $400 million of new senior unsecured notes at 5.125 percent
* Notes were priced at par and will mature in 2025
* E. W. Scripps co - notes are guaranteed by certain of company's existing and future subsidiaries Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks on Friday:
WAGE DISPUTE
German industrial workers are due to stage a third day of strikes amid a row over wages and working hours, affecting companies including carmakers Mercedes-Benz and Porsche and engineering group Siemens.
ADIDAS, VOLKSWAGEN
Ukraine plans to take legal steps against companies including Adidas and Volkswagen for breaching sanctions against Russia, German daily Rheinische Post quoted Ukraine's foreign minister Pavlo Klimkin as saying.
AUTOS
Carmakers published monthly U.S. sales figures.
Separately, Daimler analyst conference on Q4 results due at 0800 GMT.
Also, carmakers that try to cheat vehicle emissions tests could face unlimited fines and criminal charges under proposals set out on Thursday by the British government.
DEUTSCHE BANK
Q4 results due. Net loss seen widening to 1.95 billion euros from 1.89 billion a year earlier. Poll:
Separately, a U.S. regulator said it issued an order on Thursday filing and settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of Deutsche Bank, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
STADA
Extraordinary general meeting due to vote on domination and profit and loss transfer agreement with Bain, Cinven.
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones +0.1 pct, S&P 500 -0.1 pct, Nasdaq -0.4 pct at close.
Nikkei -0.9 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.6 pct.
Time: 5.55 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
No economic data scheduled.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS (Reporting by Christoph Steitz and Maria Sheahan)
March 30 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 5 points on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * GENEL ENERGY: Genel Energy is set to lose its finance chief while still struggling to find a replacement for Chairman Tony Hayward, sources told Reuters, increasing pressure on the company after a second revision to its Kurdish oil reserves sent its shares sliding this week. * BHP BILLITON: Chile's Escondida named a new president to run a mine operated by BHP Billiton on Thursday, days after the company failed to clinch a wage deal with workers after an historically long strike. * JOHNSTON PRESS: Top Johnston Press shareholder Crystal Amber has opened talks with the newspaper publisher's lenders about a debt-for-equity swap, The Telegraph reported on Wednesday. * BREXIT: The British government will set out plans on Thursday to convert European Union laws into domestic legislation to give "businesses, workers and consumers the certainty they need" as Britain exits the bloc. *OIL: Oil prices dipped on Thursday, ending two days of increases as record U.S. crude inventories outweighed a fall in gasoline stocks and disruptions in Libyan supplies. * EX-DIVS: British Land Company, Old Mutual, Prudential , Schroders and Smith & Nephew will trade without entitlement to their latest dividend pay-out on Thursday, trimming 4.79 points off the FTSE 100 according to Reuters calculations * The UK blue chip FTSE 100 index ended up 0.4 percent at 7,373.72 points on Wednesday, after a choppy session following Britain's formal triggering of its departure from the European Union. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Anglo Pacific Group PLC Full Year 2016 International Public Partnerships Full Year 2016 Genel Energy PLC Full Year 2016 Booker Group Q4 2016 RPC Group Full Year 2016 DFS Furniture Half year 2017 Hilton Foods Full Year 2016 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Siju Varghese; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
April 6 BG Staffing Inc
* BG Staffing Inc - on April 3, co through its unit acquired substantially all of the assets, and assumed certain of the liabilities, of Zycron Inc
* BG Staffing Inc - company paid $18.5 million cash and issued $1 million of its common stock at closing
* BG Staffing - agreement provides for earn-out payments to Zycron of up to $3 million, provided certain conditions are met, over 2 years following deal
* BG Staffing Inc - in connection with acquisition of assets of zycron on April 3, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement
* BG Staffing Inc - cash at closing was paid out of funds under term loan as part of co's amended and restated credit agreement with Texas Capital Bank
* BG Staffing Inc - credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility maturing April 3, 2022
* BG Staffing - credit agreement permits co to borrow funds in amount equal to lesser of borrowing base and lenders' aggregate commitment of $35 million
* BG Staffing Inc - credit agreement also provides for a term loan maturing April 3, 2022 in amount of $20.0 million Source text: (bit.ly/2oFFnhe) Further company coverage:
May 2 GoDaddy Inc
* GoDaddy reports continued strong growth in first quarter
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue $548 million to $553 million
* Q1 revenue $489.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $488 million
* Qtrly total bookings of $624.8 million, up 12.0% year over year, or 12.7% on a constant currency basis
* Godaddy Inc qtrly average revenue per user (ARPU) of $130, up 6.4% year over year
* Qtrly international revenue of $134.3 million, up 17.0% year over year, or 19.9% on a constant currency basis
* Godaddy Inc - For Q2 ending June 30, 2017, GoDaddy expects total revenue in range of $548 to $553 million including heg
* GoDaddy Inc - For full year 2017, godaddy expects unlevered free cash flow in a range of $465 to $485 million
* GoDaddy Inc qtrly diluted earnings per share $0.01
* GoDaddy Inc - For full year ending December 31, 2017, GoDaddy raised its revenue expectations to a range of $2.195 billion to $2.225 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.06 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 revenue view $545.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 revenue view $2.20 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It is not only BJP and Congress but five candidates from Samajwadi Party are also trying their luck in Gujarat Assembly Polls 2017.However, Samajwadi Party patron Mulayam Singh Yadav claimed that these candidates fielded byhis son Akhilesh Yadav in the Gujarat Assembly elections would lose."Akhilesh has fielded five candidates in Gujarat Assembly elections but they will lose all the seats," they told reporters here after attending a private function."...Akhilesh had taken a wrong decision to forge a political alliance with the Congress and had suffered on that account," they said, referring to the tie-up between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress ahead of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections in February-March this year.The BJP swept the elections, winning 312 seats out of the total 403. The Samajwadi Party won 47 and the Congress seven.Yadav also said that Mainpuri was their home turf and in the Lok Sabha elections in 2019, they will contest from the Mainpuri parliamentary constituency.Replying to a question related to the issues surrounding the use of electronic voting machines EVMs), they said: "EVMs were imported from Japan, but Japan has returned to ballot paper system of voting."The SP patron reiterated that Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar should be expelled from the party for their "neech" remark against Prime Minister Narendra Modi."He (Prime Minister Narendra Modi) is an elected leader and the comments were worst in the civilised society and the person making such comments should be expelled from the party," Yadav said.He said positive politics has virtually vanished, and "politics of mud-slinging" has become a common norm, pointing out that "there has been a paradigm shift in the country's politics."Aiyar was suspended from Congress earlier this week after they called Modi a 'neech kism ka aadmi' (vile sort of man).
BEIJING, April 13 Following is a breakdown of China's exports and imports with its biggest trade partners in March. (Monthly balance in $ billion, percent changes year-on-year): For the story on March trade data, click Exports Imports Balance Exports Imports +/- Exports Imports +/- +/- % y/y % y/y +/- % m/m % m/m Japan 12.1 14.1 -2.0 8.5 13.6 52.9 14.2 Korea 9.3 14.3 -5.0 13.7 7.3 41.8 9.8 Taiwan 3.5 11.7 -8.2 -3.2 5.6 34.3 10.8 European Union 28.7 21.0 7.7 16.6 9.3 36.7 28.0 USA 32.5 14.8 17.7 19.7 15.1 49.8 30.9 Australia 3.3 8.8 -5.5 19.2 74.8 57.6 28.8 ASEAN 24.2 19.0 5.2 11.9 22.7 65.6 21.4 (Reporting by Elias Glenn)
April 28 Guangdong Shirongzhaoye Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for H1 2017 to be 8 million yuan to 15 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (133.7 million yuan)
* Comments that decreased sales of real estate business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xBRXYY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Jefferson Starship, the band that evolved from the highly influential 1960s group Jefferson Airplane, will revisit their psychedelic roots at the Chumash Casino Resort's Samala Showroom at 8 p.m. on Thursday, Aug. 1. Tickets for the show are $20.
Paul Kantner co-founded the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band Jefferson Airplane in 1965 and later formed Jefferson Starship in 1974 with members of their former psychedelic rock group. In 2005, Jefferson Starship celebrated its 40th anniversary with a world tour, and they haven't slowed down since.
Kantner and their collection of musicians more closely resemble the band's original mix of psychedelic rock and electric folk music, performing songs like “White Rabbit” and “Somebody to Love,” rather than tunes from the 1980s pop-driven era of Jefferson Starship.
The band proudly boasts on its Facebook page, “We don't play ‘We Built This City,'” in reference to the 1985 song.
Jefferson Starship's current lineup features musicians David Freiberg (keyboards, vocals), Mark “Slick” Aguilar (lead guitar), Donny Baldwin (drums), Chris Smith (keyboards, vocals), Cathy Richardson (vocals) and Kantner (guitar, vocals).
Richardson, one of the newest members of the group, anchors the historic role made famous by Grace Slick and brings songs like “White Rabbit” and “Somebody to Love” back to life. They portrayed Janis Joplin in the original cast of the Off-Broadway play Love, Janis, and their Cathy Richardson Band was nominated for a Grammy in 2004.
Don't miss an opportunity to hear the songs from Jefferson Starship's roots performed in the intimate 1,400-seat Samala Showroom.
Located on Highway 246 in Santa Ynez, the Chumash Casino Resort is an age 18-or-older venue. Tickets for all events are available at the Chumash Casino Resort's Club Chumash. You can also visit the website by clicking here or call StarTicketsPlus at 800.585.3737.
— Mike Traphagen is a public relations specialist for the Chumash Casino Resort.
April 13 Enterprise Development Holdings Ltd
* Offeror received acceptances in respect of a total of 113.4 million offer shares under offer, representing about 22.62% of entire issued share capital
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
The logo of Shopify hangs behind the Canadian flag after the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange May 21, 2015. Picture taken May 21, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Canadian e-commerce software maker Shopify Inc (SHOP.TO) said on Thursday it had launched a new wireless card reader in the United States.
The rates charged will be about 2.4 percent per swipe, and the device will compete with the likes of Jack Dorsey-led Square Inc's (SQ.N) card reader, which costs merchants at least 2.75 percent per swipe.
Shopify said the card reader will work with iOS and Android operating systems and support Visa (V.N), MasterCard (MA.N) and American Express (AXP.N) cards, among others.
New customers, and existing merchants not yet using the company's point-of-sale systems can get the reader for free.
Merchants who own a Shopify point-of-sale system will have to pay $29 for the reader, the company said. Square, which also makes wireless card readers, sells it for $49.
Shopify's card reader will be available online on the company's website.
(Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
April 13 Biostar Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Biostar Pharmaceuticals Inc announces its annual results for the year ended December 31, 2016
* Biostar Pharmaceuticals Inc - currently anticipates that production of Shaanxi Weinan products will resume in first half of 2017
* Biostar Pharmaceuticals-as a result temporary suspension of production, there may be substantial doubt regarding ability to continue as going concern
* Biostar Pharmaceuticals Inc - currently anticipates that production of shaanxi weinan products will resume in first half of 2017
* Biostar Pharmaceuticals Inc - temporary suspension of production has materially negatively affected company's operating results Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
End
-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today thatwill speak at the Knowledge Group's webcast entitled:This event is scheduled forhttps://www.theknowledgegroup.org/lender-liability-avoiding-claims-and-other-risks-in-2017-and-beyond-live-webcast/Mr. North focuses their practice in litigation, with an emphasis on trial practice. They have tried jury and non-jury cases in state and federal courts, including over 75 jury cases to verdict.  They are certified by the Supreme Court of New Jersey as a Civil Trial Attorney. Mr. North's practice concentrates in commercial and banking litigation, particularly in matters involving negotiable instruments and financial fraud. Mr. North has represented banks in class actions alleging claims under New Jersey and federal consumer legislation. A significant portion of Mr. North's practice is devoted to the defense of catastrophic injury and other high exposure cases in the areas of negligence, public entity liability, construction, and professional liability, including the defense of attorneys, accountants and insurance brokers. They also maintain a personal injury practice limited to the representation of plaintiffs in medical malpractice and other cases involving significant injuries and complex liability issues. Mr. North is the author of the evidence treatise A Trial Lawyer's Strategic Guide to the New Jersey Rules of Evidence, and is the only New Jersey lawyer selected as a principal author of Business and Commercial Litigation in Federal Courts, contributing the chapter in the treatise devoted to Medical Malpractice.Greenbaum, Rowe, Smith & Davis is a multi-practice law firm serving local, regional and national clients. As one of New Jersey's leading law firms, the firm brings diverse and comprehensive expertise to the representation of both businesses and individuals. For over 100 years, the firm has earned the trust and loyalty of clients by providing sophisticated, creative and cost-effective representation through collaborative teamwork, proactive legal strategies, attention to detail and relationship-oriented service.Suits against lending institutions have proliferated of late, based on a variety of liability theories. Prime examples are the well-publicized predatory lending litigations against Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo, alleging minorities were targeted for risky, high-interest loans doomed for default. However, commercial lenders can also face legal actions when seeking to enforce their rights against business entities, such as claims of breach of contract or of fiduciary duty; inequitable or fraudulent conduct; and violations of federal or state law. Regardless of the theory of liability, the stakes for lenders can be very high, and developing and implementing sound business practices can go a long way to reduce the risk of adverse judgments.In this LIVE Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will give an overview of the latest trends in lender liability litigation and offer insights into developing strategic practices to help mitigate the risk of legal challenges.• Lender Liability Theories• Predatory Lending• Recent Litigation• Defenses• Risk Avoidance and Mitigation• Best PracticesThe Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/
BEIJING (AP) " Asian stocks were lower Wednesday following Wall Street's tech-driven rise as investors waited for word from the U.S. Federal Reserve on a possible interest rate hike.
KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.6 percent to 3,135.32 and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 shed 0.1 percent to 19,917.51. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.3 percent to 25,786.00 and Seoul's Kospi was off 0.2 percent at 2,369.51. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.8 percent to 5,818.90 and India's Sensex was unchanged at 31,110.09. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Thailand rose while Singapore and Manila retreated.
WALL STREET: U.S. stocks bounced back to record highs as investors put an end to a two-day drop for technology companies. Energy and consumer-focused companies also made outsize gains. The Standard & Poor's 500 index picked up 0.5 percent to 2,440.35. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.4 percent to 21,328.47. The Nasdaq composite, which has a large concentration of technology companies, rose 0.7 percent to 6,220.37.
FED WATCH: The U.S. Federal Reserve ends a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, and investors expect the central bank to raise interest rates for the third time since December. They also are watching for the Fed's latest views on inflation and hints on how aggressive it will be in raising interest rates in the future.
Advertisement
ANALYST'S TAKE: "Despite stubbornly low inflation, the Fed is widely anticipated to lift its interest rate tomorrow," Ric Spooner of CMC Markets said in a report. "In a further sign that the Fed is leading a gradual global exit from monetary stimulus, Canada's Central Bank Governor last night surprised markets with hawkish comments."
CHINA: Government data showed retail sales in May rose 10.7 percent from a year earlier, a small gain over the 10.3 percent rate for the first four months of the year. Factory output rose 6.5 percent over a year earlier, holding steady at April's rate. Growth in investment in factories, real estate and other fixed assets decelerated to 8.6 percent over a year earlier in the first five months of 2017, down 0.3 percentage points from the rate in January-April.
BREXIT: The European Union moved to tighten its oversight of a key financial market based in London, threatening tens of thousands of jobs in Britain once the country exits the bloc. Draft regulations published by the EU executive Commission would force any clearinghouse considered important to the EU financial system to accept direct oversight from the bloc and, if requested, relocate to inside the EU. One report suggests that losing the market could cost the country 83,000 jobs, mostly in London, one of the world's top finance hubs.
TECH BOUNCE: U.S. tech stocks bounced back but still are below last week's record-high prices. Facebook rose 1.5 percent to $150.68 while Microsoft gained 1.2 percent to $70.65. Hard drive maker Western Digital added 3.9 percent to $90.05. Even after their recent skid, technology companies have done much better than the rest of the market in 2017. Big tech companies like Apple and Alphabet have been responsible for a huge portion of the stock market's gains this year.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 46 cents to $46.00 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 38 cents on Tuesday to $46.46 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed 42 cents to $48.30 in London. It gained 57 cents the previous session.
CURRENCY: The dollar declined to 110.02 yen from Tuesday's 110.04 yen. The euro gained to $1.1250 from $1.1205.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats have opened a seven-point lead over the centre-left Social Democrats five months ahead of the Sept. 24 election, according to a poll on Sunday in the Bild am Sonntag newspaper.
The Emnid institute survey found the Christian Democrats and their Christian Social Union allies winning 36 percent of the vote if the election were held on Sunday, unchanged from a similar Emnid poll for Bild am Sonntag taken a week ago.
But the Social Democrats (SPD), led by their chancellor candidate Martin Schulz, continued to slide and lost two percentage points in the week to 29 percent. The CDU/CSU long held a comfortable lead in polls until Schulz was nominated in early 2017 and lifted the SPD to the same levels as the CDU/CSU.
The latest poll, taken just one week before an important state election in Schleswig-Holstein, also showed the CDU/CSU's preferred coalition partner, the Free Democrats (FDP), rising one point to 6 percent in the last week.
The centre-right alliance would still be well short of winning a majority in parliament with 42 percent.
The far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) would win 9 percent, unchanged over the week. All parties have said they will not join forces with the AfD, making it more difficult to form the next government.
The SPD's preferred partner, the Greens, rose 1 point to 7 percent in the last week. The far-left Linke party would win an unchanged 9 percent, according to the latest Emnid poll. The so-called "red-red-green" alliance of SPD, Linke and Greens would also fall short of a majority with 45 percent.
The CDU/CSU and SPD currently lead Germany in a grand coalition government. Both parties have said they do not want to continue that arrangement after the Sept. 24 election.
(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum; Editing by Sam Holmes)
Pope Francis says men who frequent prostitutes are criminals with a “sick mentality” who think that women exist to be exploited.
They insisted Monday: “This isn't making love. This is torturing a woman. Let's not confuse the terms.”
The Pope further asked forgiveness for all Christians who buy sex from women.
Francis spoke during a four-hour long listening session with 300 young people invited by the Vatican to brief church leaders about what kids these days think about the Catholic Church.
It's a preparatory meeting for a big synod of bishops on the fall on young people.
Francis had urged the delegates to speak with courage. They insisted: “Young people must be taken seriously.”
Actress Lisa Kudrow poses backstage with their award for TV Performance of the Year for ''The Comeback'' at the People Magazine Awards in Beverly Hills, California December 18, 2014. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
LOS ANGELES Lisa Kudrow, best known for playing the kooky Phoebe Buffay in hit sitcom "Friends," said they were delighted to reunite with Alec Baldwin, who played one of Phoebe's boyfriends, in new DreamWorks animated film "The Boss Baby."
Kudrow plays a mother unaware that their suit-wearing baby, voiced by Baldwin, is an executive at Baby Corp. The film opens in theaters on Friday.
Kudrow discussed the film, dealing with sexism in Hollywood and which "Friends" boyfriend they harbor a soft spot for. Below are edited excepts from their interview with Reuters.
Q: What did you like most about "The Boss Baby"?
A: I thought this was just such a clever way to tell a story about when the new baby comes into the house and what it's like for the older brother and how it can seem like a baby in the house becomes the boss of the house.
Q: How was it reuniting with Alec after "Friends"?
A: That was really fun. And it's funny to think Phoebe, like who breaks up with Alec Baldwin? Why would you send them on their way?
Q: Which of Phoebe's boyfriends was your personal favorite?
A: They married Mike, (played by) Paul Rudd. But there's such a soft spot for Hank Azaria's character. I have such a soft spot. What was theirs name?
(Reporter): David
Thank you. DAVID
Q: It's the 20th anniversary of "Romy and Michele's High School Reunion" this year - any chance of a sequel?
A: I would love to see them together. I don't know what that would be either, but we've had ideas for things, like Romy and Michelle get divorced ... it just hasn't happened.
Q: You recently spoke about sexist remarks made toward you by an unnamed male guest actor on "Friends." How have you seen sexism in Hollywood change?
A: I think it's really important though to distinguish between things that are said that make you uncomfortable as opposed to things that are actually a threat.
When I mentioned something an actor said, that wasn't really a threat. It just made me uncomfortable, but I got over it within minutes ... While it was maybe insensitive and a little crass, it wasn't a threat and that's it.
To me, it's more important that women do feel more empowered - that (if) someone says something, don't let it destroy you or even stop you for more than a minute. And keep going.
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
MELBOURNE Australia and New Zealand reached agreement on a landmark Pacific trade pact on Thursday to cut down trade barriers, boost tourism and raise living standards in the region, the two governments said on Thursday.
The deal, reached in Brisbane, includes 12 Pacific Island nations and was eight years in the making.
"This agreement will drive economic growth and raise living standards in our region," Australian trade minister Steven Ciobo in a statement.
"Closer economic integration of the region with larger economies such as Australia and New Zealand is essential for sustainable economic growth in the Pacific. Australia will ... continue to work to increase Pacific-wide trade, tourism and investment."
The agreement covers goods, services and investment and includes tariff phase-out periods. It will also include a development package of more than $55 million to help create jobs and boost export capacity in Pacific Island countries, New Zealand trade minister Todd McClay said.
The 12 Pacific Island nations participating in the deal are Cook Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Nauru, Kiribati, Niue, Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu.
The agreement will be signed in Tonga in June.
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused them to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
The four Lansing players had planned on taking a knee during the national anthem but were benched as punishment even before the game took place.
Colin Kaepernick sparked a revolution across the country the day they decided to kneel during the national anthem. Now, schools are benching some of their best players because they, too, are trying to make a statement.
Read More Colin Kaepernick Bombarded With Boos And Abuse By Buffalo Fans
At Lansing Catholic School, a private Michigan educational institution, at least four athletes are being kept from playing against Ionia because they expressed intent to kneel the moment that the national anthem begins to play.
During practice Thursday, Lansing's quarterback Michael Lynn III along with captains Matthew Abdullah, Kabbash Richards, and Roje Williams were told they were not going to be allowed to play in the next day's game.
While Lynn said they know the school has the right to set its own policies, they can't help but feel he's being penalized for having their own opinions.
“I get they are a private school and they can do what they want," the student told reporters. "They are right, they can. But that doesn't make it humane and that does not make it OK that they can do that because that still is my right to peaceful protest. Not only am I peaceful protesting, but I'm protesting as a primary source. I am a young black man in America. I've had to deal with certain things that other people will never have to deal with.”
After talking to school officials about their plans to take a knee, they explained that their reaction “feels like oppression.”
“This feels like you're trying to silence me and it feels like you're not giving me the right to do what Americans should be able to do," they told the school.
According to a letter about the incident sent to parents on Thursday, Lansing Catholic School made it a policy to discipline any student who takes a knee during the national anthem.
“[W]e will continue to hold our student-athletes to the expectation that they stand for our National Anthem,” President Tom Maloney wrote. “Any student-athlete who chooses not to stand will receive consequences. As always, this will be handled with Christian Charity, with the goal of growth in virtue.”
While the letter also states that the school is aware of the importance of allowing peaceful protests to take place, Maloney added that school athletic events should not be used as a venue for protests.
Stating that “children's safety is our first priority,” Maloney concluded that allowing for protests during school events would “create an unsafe situation for any student involved.”
Lynn's father, Michael Lynn Jr., told reporters that their son is acting out of their own willingness to do good and that they won't stop until they can make their voice heard.
“After dealing with everything he's dealt with at Lansing Catholic and in their life and everything he's worried about for themselves and other brothers of color, they said, 'I have to do something and this is what I want to do,'” they explained. “And they said, 'I want to use my platform as a public figure in this city to get the word out and to make that stand.' He's been steadfast in it even knowing the discipline actions.”
Like Kaepernick, the four Lansing students are being punished for being very public about their unhappiness with a government that regularly and systematically punishes people of color.
Without having access to venues where they can display their outrage to a greater number of people, they may not be able to raise as much awareness as they could if they were allowed to protest openly.
While Michael Lynn III is correct in stating that the school has the right to set its own policies, this action may effectively curtail the young athlete's willingness to speak out, as they may see fewer incentives to be open about their politics in the future.
Hopefully, the media attention that they and their teammates are receiving will help to amplify their message, similarly to how the NFL's mistreatment of Kaepernick helped to boost their voice, bringing the nation to theirs side.
Read More NYPD Officers Take A Knee To Show Solidarity With Colin Kaepernick
Banner and thumbnail image credit: Reuters/Joe Nicholson-USA TODAY Sports
(Corrects paragraph 13 to say that New York Times reported that Fox News and Bill O'Reilly paid out $13 million in settlements, not Fox News alone.)
By Daniel Wiessner
April 3 A Democratic political consultant and Fox News contributor on Monday sued the network and its former chairperson, Roger Ailes, accusing them of denying them a permanent hosting job after rebuffing Ailes' sexual advances.
Julie Roginsky also said in their lawsuit filed in New York state court that a misogynistic culture at Fox News, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc, had not changed since Ailes resigned last year in the wake of a separate sexual harassment lawsuit by former anchor Gretchen Carlson.
Roginsky, 43, has appeared regularly on Fox News programs since 2011 and writes a column for the network's website.
Susan Estrich, a lawyer for Ailes, said in a statement that Roginsky's claims were "total hogwash."
"This is about someone who wants to pile-on in a massive character assassination in order to achieve what they did not accomplish on the merits," Estrich said.
Fox did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Roginsky's action follows other allegations, including at least two separate lawsuits, against Fox News and Ailes by women who claimed they were sexually harassed by the 76-year-old founder of the network.
In the lawsuit, Roginsky said Ailes in early 2015 told them they were considering them for a full-time slot on "The Five," a highly-rated talk show featuring a rotating panel of guests. But the job never materialized, and they lost their spot as a contributor on the show, after they declined their advances, they said.
Roginsky also said they have had less time on air since then, and it is having damaged their career.
They also sued Bill Shine, the co-president of Fox, claiming they failed to investigate their claims after they met to discuss Ailes' conduct. Roginsky is seeking unspecified damages under a New York City law that prohibits discrimination, harassment and retaliation.
Fox last year agreed to pay $20 million to settle Carlson's claims that their contract was not renewed because they rebuffed Ailes.
A separate sexual harassment lawsuit filed last year by former Fox News anchor Andrea Tantaros was sent to private arbitration.
The New York Times on Saturday reported that Fox and anchor Bill O'Reilly had paid at least $13 million to five women to settle claims that they sexually harassed them. O'Reilly has denied the claims.
The New York Times has also reported that Fox News is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation, potentially involving secret settlements paid over allegations of sexual harassment. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Andrew Hay and David Gregorio)
Tom Petty meant a lot to the Shelters, and since Petty's death, the members of the young L.A. rock band haven't been shy about letting people know. “He really was our best friend and our guide through life,” frontman Chase Simpson
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: See Tom Petty Proteges the Shelters Play an Intimate Mudcrutch Cover
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Market Overview
Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate (APET) is a polyester used for packaging with high impact resistance, superior clarity, lightweight nature, high tensile strength, and recyclability. Among the additives segment, the bottles accounted for major market share in 2016 owing to the packaging of various products such as tea, coffee, mineral water, and carbonated drinks. The chain extenders additive type is highly consumed to enhnace the Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate properties due to the lower system costs, faster reaction, and more flexibility. The extensive use of the product in the food & beverage industry for packaging and storage of beverages is projected to propel the market growth during the forecast period. Moreover, it is used for tablet and capsule packaging, which is projected to fuel the market growth further. The gear housings, seats & engine covers, and wipers for the automotive are manufactured using the product, thereby, the demand for the product is increasing from the automotive sector.
Market Segmentation
The Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented on the basis of the Additives, Application, End-Use Industry and Region.
Based on the Additives, the Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented into chain extenders, nucleating agents, solid stating accelerators, nucleating agents, impact modifiers, and others.
On the Basis of the Application, the market is segmented into bottles, packaging, gear housings, seats & engine covers, and others.
The market is segmented on the basis of the End-Use Industries namely food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, automotive, textiles, electronics & electrical, and others.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5936
Competitive Analysis
Some of the manufacturers operating in the Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market are JBF Industries Ltd. (India), Reliance Industries Limited (India), China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (China), Covestro AG (Germany), Jiangsu Sanfangxiang Group Co., Ltd. (China), M&G Chemicals (Italy), Petro Polymer Shargh (Iran), the Quadrant group of companies (Switzerland), LOTTE Chemical CORPORATION (Korea), Polisan Holding (Turkey), TEIJIN LIMITED (Japan), Equipolymers (Germany), Alpek Polyester (U.S.), and others .
Regional Analysis
The Global Amorphous Polyethylene Terephthalate Market is segmented into five regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa.
The Asia Pacific was the largest region in the global market in 2016 owing to the high consumption of the product from the major end-use industries such as automotive, textiles, food & beverage, and others in Japan, India, and China.
The North American market was the second largest region in the global market on account of high penetration of the product in the food & beverage and pharmaceuticals industry coupled with the high disposable income in the U.S. and Canada.
The increasing product demand in Europe can be attributed to the reviving automotive sector and the regulations pertaining to the region for lightweight materials in automotive.
Latin America is expected to substantially grow on the backdrop of the growing automotive and the food & beverage industry in Mexico.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/amorphous-polyethylene-terephthalate-market-5936
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Italy's president has attempted to broker an eleventh-hour deal between the country's two largest populist parties to avoid another destabilising national election, helping Italian assets recover from a sell-off that rattled investors worldwide.
Sergio Mattarella, who triggered this week's crisis by blocking the appointment of a Eurosceptic finance minister proposed by the two parties last Sunday, held informal meetings with leaders of the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement and the far-right League on Wednesday evening.
Although Mr Mattarella was unable to reach agreement to form a new coalition, they gave both parties more time to reach a deal, prompting Carlo Cottarelli, the former IMF official who had been tasked with forming an interim technocratic government on Monday, to put their own plans on hold.
The rekindling of coalition talks triggered a rally in Italian bonds and stocks. The yield on the politically sensitive two-year note tumbled about 1.15 percentage points to 1.49 per cent as prices rose. Milan's FTSE MIB stock market index closed up 2.1 per cent.
Investors have been unsettled by the prospect of snap elections, which will be seen as a referendum on Italy's membership in the euro - a tacit acknowledgment that a currency union once described as inviolable may, in fact, be voluntary.
Mr Cottarelli's stopgap government was not expected to win a parliamentary vote of confidence, trigging elections as early as July.
But after two meetings on Wednesday, Mr Cottarelli and Mr Mattarella agreed to a delay to see if the talks between Five Star and the League might come to fruition, according to one senior official close to the discussions.
Matteo Salvini, the 45-year-old head of the League, has seen their support grow in recent opinion polling, and told campaign rallies in Tuscany and Liguria that they wanted to quickly go to another election.
“We have consistency and loyalty,” they said. “We were ready to go last week and they didn't allow us.”
Finance minister
Luigi Di Maio, the Five-Star leader whose party finished ahead in the election in March, has led efforts to resurrect the coalition, saying on Wednesday night that Paolo Savona, the 81-year-old Eurosceptic proposed for the finance ministry, could be moved to another job.
“There are two paths ahead: either we launch the [coalition] government with a reasonable solution or we vote right away,” Mr Di Maio said.
An aide to the Italian president said the offer to shift Mr Savona to a different ministry was being “evaluated with great attention”.
The choice of finance minister remains the biggest sticking point in talks between the two parties. If no deal is reached, Italy would be heading towards a new election. While Five Star wants parliament to be dissolved immediately, triggering a summer vote, the League is pushing for a poll in the autumn.
The renewed hope of a peaceful end to the political infighting helped Rome sell €5.6 billion of fresh debt at auction on Wednesday morning, though at a higher borrowing cost than at its previous similar sale. It paid a 2.32 per cent yield for five-year debt, and 3 per cent for 10-year paper.
The turmoil in Italy continues to ripple through global markets. Following Tuesday's global sell-off, Asian bourses were hit on Wednesday morning, with Tokyo's Nikkei index falling 1.5 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index weakening 1.4 per cent.
A rush to buy US Treasuries as an investment haven amid the turmoil eased. The yield on the 10-year US Treasuries was up just 7bp to 2.85 per cent by early afternoon in New York on Wednesday.
On currency markets, the euro rallied on reduced Italian fears, rising more than 1 per cent to nearly $1.17 on Wednesday. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
March 30 Six Flags Entertainment Corp
* Private offering of $1.2 billion of senior notes announced by Six Flags
* Six Flags Entertainment Corp - intends to use a portion of proceeds to refinance its $800 million of 5.25 percent senior notes due 2021
* Expects this refinancing transaction to enhance its covenant flexibility and extend its maturity schedule Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
Photo credit: Hogan Photos
Diego De La Hoya had momentum on their side after securing the biggest victory of their career, thus far, over former IBF bantamweight titlist Randy Caballero on September 16. Instead, that momentum stopped after missing weight before their scheduled fight in December.
The unbeaten junior featherweight hopes to pick up where they left off when they face Jose Salgado, on June 8, at the Turning Stone Resort and Casino in Verona, New York.
The 10-round bout will air on a tape-delayed basis on ESPN2 (12:30 a.m. ET/ 9:30 p.m. PT).
De La Hoya (20-0, 9 knockouts), who resides in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico, was scheduled to fight Salgado on December 13. At the previous day's weigh-in, De La Hoya weighed 128.5 pounds, 4.5 pounds above the contracted weight of 124 pounds. Salgado tipped the scale at 122 pounds but the fight was canceled.
De La Hoya, who is the first cousin of promoter Oscar De La Hoya, consulted their team, which includes manager and Oscar's older brother Joel, and decided to continue fighting as a junior featherweight.
“Diego insisted on fighting the same opponent and at the same weight,” Joel De La Hoya told THE RING over the weekend. “He was so embarrassed and demoralized for the missed weight and wanted to give Salgado the opportunity they denied them in December.”
The 23-year-old De La Hoya is the mandatory challenger to face WBO titleholder Isaac Dogboe.  They are ranked No. 6 by THE RING, and is ranked in the Top 5 of all four major sanctioning bodies.
Salgado (36-4-2, 29 KOs) resides in Cozumel, Mexico, and has won two of their last three fights. They were stopped by current THE RING/WBC junior bantamweight champion Srisaket Sor Rungvisai in May of 2015 and fought to a fourth round technical draw against Carlos Cuadras in September of 2014.
In the co-feature, junior middleweights Travell Mazion (12-0, 11 KOs) and Daquan Arnett (17-1, 9 KOs) will square off in a 10-round bout.
Francisco A. Salazar has written for RingTV.com since October of 2013 and has covered boxing in Southern California and abroad since 2000. Francisco also covers boxing for the Ventura County (California) Star newspaper, BoxingScene.com and FightNight.com. They can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @FSalazarBoxing.
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
THE bishops of San Jose, Nueva Ecija and Balanga, Bataan have joined the president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) in offering protection to police officers and others willing to testify on extra-judicial killings linked to the war on drugs.
Advertisements
Bishop Roberto Mallari of San Jose, chairperson of the CBCP Commission on Catechesis and Catholic Education, said their diocese was willing to provide refuge to those who fear for their lives.
On Monday, Lingayen-Dagupan Archbishop Socrates “Soc” Villegas said several conscience-stricken police officers behind drug-related killings had sought the Church's protection.
“I am with them and we are opening our doors as sanctuary to those who want to stand for the truth,” Mallari said on Thursday.
Bishop Ruperto Santos of Balanga likewise said: “We support and we are in solidarity with Archbishop Soc.”
Providing sanctuary has been a long-time Church practice, said retired Lingayen-Dagupan archbishop Oscar Cruz.
The Church only provides sanctuary and protection to refugees and persecuted people upon their request, Cruz pointed out that.
“These people come to the Church first, before they turn themselves over to the state because they fear for their lives. Providing sanctuary is not forever,” Cruz explained.
The CBCP's move has been criticized by the Philippine National Police (PNP) and the Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption. The latter accused the bishops of sowing distrust against authorities.
Malacañang echoed the PNP and said leaders of the Catholic Church should be more discerning in providing refuge for police officers who claim to be witnesses to extra-judicial killings under the government's anti-drug campaign.
“We welcome the efforts of the Church to help these cops mend their ways. However, we hope the Church exercises due diligence as there are drug protectors, kidnappers, kotong (police officials into extortion) and ninja (corrupt) cops who want to destroy the ongoing campaign against illegal drugs,” presidential spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
“We urge a certain objectivity to avoid being used by said aberrations,” Abella added.
Solicitor General Jose Calida also claimed that communist groups, “yellows” or members of the Liberal Party, and the Catholic Church were conspiring to oust President Rodrigo Duterte from office.
Military spokesperson Brig. Gen. Restituto Padilla Jr. did not tag the Church's efforts as part of a destabilization plot but called on the bishops to scrutinize the people they provide refuge to.
“We are just pointing out that not all those who seek the help of the Church all want to renew their faith, but are just trying to escape liability for their old ways. We welcome the efforts of the Church as part of the community, but they should also be discerning,” Padilla said.
“Not everyone is sincere in mending their ways,” they added.
Hundreds of drug suspects and others have been killed in the government's brutal war on drugs, including 54 children and the three teenagers—Kian de los Santos, Carl Arnaiz and Reynaldo de Guzman.
A Social Weather Stations survey released on Thursday showed that seven out of 10 Filipinos feared getting killed in anti-drug operations.
with LLANESCA T. PANTI
May's travails and the end of the Anglo-Chinese golden era
The prime minister went to China this week on a mission to make the case for "Global Britain". At home the colleagues Theresa May left behind argued about Brexit, appeared to undermine the civil service and trashed their own economic forecasts. With the FT's Geoff Dyer, Laura Hughes, James Kynge and Jim Pickard. Presented by Jonathan Derbyshire. Produced by Janina Conboye.
An advertisement for Verizon is seen at Times Square in New York, May 12, 2015. Verizon Communications Inc said on Tuesday it will buy AOL Inc for $4.4 billion, turning the biggest U.S. wireless carrier into a leading provider of content and video for the web and mobile... REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Subscribers' exodus
Verizon reported its first-ever quarterly loss of subscribers, even as it offered an unlimited data plan in an attempt to fend off smaller rivals like T-Mobile US and Sprint.
On the other hand, shares of Visa jumped after the world's largest payments network operator says it expects full-year profit at the high-end of its forecast.
For more earnings news, click here.
Tesla pulls the brake
The luxury electric carmaker announced it would recall 53,000 of its Model S and Model X cars globally to fix a parking brake issue.
Bubble-spotting is hard, and rare
The market probably isn't in a bubble and your consideration of the matter sets you on a path to do more harm then good, writes Reuters columnist James Saft.
April 28 Wanda Cinema Line Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could rise up to 20 percent, or to be 804.7 million yuan to 965.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (804.7 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of new business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/MepehH
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
JOHANNESBURG, April 5 South Africa's top court has dismissed an appeal by the department of environmental affairs to keep a moratorium on the domestic trade in rhino horn, according to court documents seen by Reuters on Wednesday.
Pelham Jones, chairperson of South Africa's Private Rhino Owners Association which was one of the respondents in the case, told Reuters this meant that the sale of rhino horns was legal in South Africa.
A global ban in the horn trade, which is regulated by a U.N. convention, remains in place. (Reporting by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 20 uniQure NV
* uniQure announces it will not seek marketing authorization renewal for Glybera in Europe
* Marketing authorization for Glybera® to expire on October 25, 2017
* Maintains focus on core programs in Hemophilia B, Huntington's Disease and congestive heart failure
* Will continue to make product available to chiesi to treat any patients that are approved for treatment prior to October 25, 2017
* Expects to reduce future expenses related to product by about $2 million annually, beginning in 2018 and net of any payments to Chiesi Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Story
Karthikeya (Ravi Teja), a family person who treasures their family members more than anything, cares for them and is all set to do anything for their happiness. After a stir, Selvam gets connected to the story. Karthikeya reveals an interesting twist and starts chasing Freddy, the antagonist. What is the twist? How are Karthikeya and Selvam connected? What is the conflict between Karthikeya and the antagonist? All these form the rest of the plot.
Upside & Downside
Upside
Ravi Teja's Energetic Performance
Cinematography
Downside
Routine & Mediocre Story
Editing
Screenplay Template
Other Post Production Works
Performances
Ravi Teja is at their usual best. Be it their energy, comical rendition of dialogues, mass appeal or the ease in delivering punch lines, Ravi Teja stands testimonial for the title, Mass Maharaja which is honoured to him.
Both Raashi and Seerat are good and indeed more looked out for enthralling the masses by oozing glam appeal on screen with skimpy outfits.
Freddy looks tough and intimidating initially but loses out their sheen as the movie proceeds due to the weak and cliché characterization.
Rajesh as Ravi Teja's friend has done a good job while Jaya Prakash, Vennela Kishore and Suhasini are adequate.
Technical Aspects
Music is one let down as the songs don't linger for long. Background Music by Mani Sharma is better than the music track, but not up to the legendary music director's standards.
Editing is patchy and looks to be done in a hurried manner while Chota K Naidu's cinematography is a good take-away. Few frames are eye-catching and especially, the shots involving Raashi and Seerat are eye candy.
Debutant Vikram Sirikonda's dream of painting a mass genre celluloid may not deliver the expected fruitful result for the director as the movie falls flat due to its age old story and not so palpable screenplay.
Final Verdict
Give it a shot only for Ravi Teja's antics and performance as the movie stands for their brand of entertainment. Definitely not a must-watch flick.
We could still use the rain, according the the National Weather Service, since June 1st St. Cloud has officially had 7.55 inches of rain, which is .82 of an inch below normal for the summer month. By comparison, last year at this time we had 10.2 inches of rain.
American Lexi Thompson built on their success at the ANA Inspiration with a third-round five-under-par 67 on Saturday to grab a two-shot lead heading into the final round. Thompson completed the final 10 holes of their delayed second round early in the day, carding a 67, and then returned to make six birdies and one bogey in their third round to reach 13-under.
Norwegian Suzann Pettersen shot a third-round 68 and was two back at 11-under.
At 10-under 206 were South Koreans Hur Mi-jung, Park In-bee and Ryu So-yeon and Minjee Lee of Australia.
Tied at eight-under 208 were Cristie Kerr, Michelle Wie, Ariya Jutanugarn of Thailand and Karine Icher of France.
The 22-year-old Thompson has twice held the 54-hole lead in this event, going on to win in 2014, and is looking for their second Major victory.
"Yeah, well, that experience always helps me out, but I'm just going to focus on tomorrow, focus on one shot at a time, relax out there between shots and just focus on doing my routine," Thompson told reporters. Pettersen is a 15-time winner on the LPGA Tour but has never won a major. They have finished as the runner-up three times at the event at the Mission Hills Country Club course.
"I'm driving the ball well and that's a major key on this golf course," Pettersen said. "And if you do, you can kind of attack it as well. So far, so good. I've got a big job to do tomorrow.
"I mean, the leaderboard is packed behind me as well. You've got to expect to go out there and shoot low. There's a lot at stake, but I'm all in for it."
(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson shakes hands with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu during a news conference in Ankara, Turkey, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, accompanied by Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu (3rd R), meets with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (3rd L) in Ankara, Turkey March 30, 2017. Hakan Goktepe/Prime Minister's Press Office/Handout via
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim meets with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Ankara. Hakan Goktepe/Prime Minister's Press Office/Handout via REUTERS
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan meets with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Ankara, Turkey March 30, 2017. Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan meets with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Ankara, Turkey March 30, 2017. Yasin Bulbul/Presidential Palace/Handout via REUTERS
ANKARA U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson acknowledged on Thursday that Washington faced difficult choices in the fight against Islamic State in Syria but sought to downplay differences with NATO ally Turkey over support for Kurdish militia fighters.
Speaking after meetings in Ankara with Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and senior government ministers, Tillerson said there was "no space" between Turkey and the United States in their determination to defeat Islamic State.
Erdoğan and their government have been incensed by U.S. support for the Syrian Kurdish YPG militia, seen by the Pentagon as a reliable partner but by Turkey as a hostile force with deep links to Kurdish PKK militants who have waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state.
It is particularly frustrated by the use of YPG fighters in a planned U.S.-led offensive to retake Islamic State's Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, an operation in which Ankara has long said it wants to play a role.
"What we discussed today are options that are available to us. They are difficult options. Let me be very frank, it's not easy, they are difficult choices that have to be made," Tillerson told a joint news conference with Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu.
Cavusoglu said Washington accepted there was no difference between the YPG militia and the PKK. Tillerson condemned recent PKK attacks in Turkey but made no such acknowledgement.
They said their talks focused on the creation of "stabilization zones" in Syria so refugees could return home and that a number of options on how to secure such areas were being explored.
Turkey, sheltering more than 2 million Syrians, has long called for such safe areas but the idea has gained little traction among Western allies who question how such zones can be carved out without a significant foreign military presence.
STRAINED TIES
Tillerson's visit comes at a difficult time in U.S.-Turkish relations. Ties soured under former U.S. President Barack Obama and officials in Ankara have been hoping for a reset under Donald Trump, but there have been few signs of improvement.
Aside from differences over Syria, relations have also been strained by the continued presence in the United States of Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Erdoğan for a failed coup last July and whom Ankara wants extradited.
Cavusoglu said Turkey expects Washington to take concrete steps on Gulen's extradition, including their temporary detention. U.S. officials have in the past said that is a matter for the U.S. judicial system.
Tillerson's trip was further clouded by the arrest in New York on Monday of an executive of Turkey's state-run Halkbank (HALKB.IS), who is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab in a multi-year scheme to evade U.S. sanctions on Iran.
Cavusoglu described the arrest of the banker as a "political" move and said the U.S. attorney who launched the case against Zarrab had close ties with Gulen's supporters.
Tillerson's visit comes less than three weeks ahead of a referendum at which Erdoğan is seeking constitutional change to boost their powers, a move which their opponents and some European allies fear will bring increasing authoritarianism.
Tillerson did not meet members of the Turkish opposition during their visit, apparently avoiding domestic issues while trying to keep the focus on the fight against Islamic State.
It was a change in tone from U.S. visits under Obama. Then Vice President Joe Biden said during a Jan. 2016 visit that Turkey was setting a poor example for the region by intimidating the media and curtailing internet freedoms.
(Additional reporting by Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara, Daren Butler and Humeyra Pamuk in Istanbul; Writing by Nick Tattersall; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The highly anticipated blockbuster film "Black Panther" is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone.
While fans have been buzzing about the Marvel movie's February 16 opening, a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film.
Using the hashtags #DCOverMarvel and #BringDownDisney, a Facebook event was set up for February 15-24 and listed as being hosted by "Down with Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys."
The purpose was to "Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes."
It's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook, but some reports put the number at 3,700.
A representative for Facebook told CNN in a statement that "people often use Facebook to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices."
"Such discussion can promote a diversity of perspectives and greater understanding," the statement said. "However, we're opposed to hate speech and bullying, and don't allow either on our platform.
"We want Facebook to be a space where both expression and personal safety are protected and respected," the statement concluded. "That's why we developed our Community Standards, which you can read on our site."
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is legendary, and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones.
But given that "Black Panther" has an all-black cast and the storyline includes themes of race, many saw the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry.
In a statement provided to CNN, Rotten Tomatoes said it's "proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously."
"While we respect our fans' diverse opinions, we do not condone hate speech," the statement said. "Our team of security, network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible."
So far, enthusiasm for the film does not appear to have been dampened.
According to Fandango, "Black Panther" has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets.
The movie broke Fandango's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours, one previously held by 2016's "Captain America: Civil War."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Citrix Systems Inc:
* CITRIX ANNOUNCES $750 MILLION ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE
* CITRIX SYSTEMS INC - ENTERED INTO ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE TRANSACTION WITH GOLDMAN SACHS & CO LLC TO REPURCHASE $750 MILLION OF ITS COMMON STOCK
* CITRIX SYSTEMS INC - ON FEB 5, CO WILL PAY TO GOLDMAN SACHS & CO, $750 MILLION IN EXCHANGE FOR DELIVERY OF 6.5 MILLION SHARES OF CO‘S COMMON STOCK Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
As Republicans in Congress are rushing to microphones to accuse Democrats of toxic rhetoric that they believe called one Illinois man to open fire on elected officials, one pastor is agreeing with such speech from a Republican activist.
MILAN, March 31 Pillarstone Italy said on Friday it had finalised the acquisition of 100 percent of Italy's Premuda and would invest 50 million euros ($53.5 million) to support the relaunch of the troubled shipping company.
Pillarstone Italy is a platform set up by U.S. private equity firm KKR to restructure ailing companies.
The shipping industry is in an eight-year downturn due to slowing international trade.
Pillarstone also said Popolare Emilia Romagna had joined rivals Intesa Sanpaolo, UniCredit and Carige in transferring to the platform credits towards Premuda. ($1 = 0.9355 euros) (Reporting by Valentina Za)
FILE PHOTO - A Wells Fargo branch is seen in the Chicago suburb of Evanston, Illinois, U.S. on February 10, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young/File Photo
Wells Fargo & Co's failure to convince regulators it can go through bankruptcy without severely disrupting financial markets is effectively costing the bank $100 million in trading revenues each quarter, its management said on Thursday.
In December, Wells Fargo failed a so-called living will test administered by U.S. bank regulators. As a result, the bank is not allowed to establish international bank entities or acquire non-bank subsidiaries until regulators sign off on an amended plan.
Regulators can eventually force Wells Fargo to shrink its balance sheet to the level it was at on Sept. 30 if it does not appease them within two years.
Instead of waiting for that possibility, the third-largest U.S. bank is keeping its balance sheet at that size.
"Because we wouldn't want to put ourselves in the position of having to make an abrupt change for something that was out of our control, we decided to leave things at that level, and they're still operating there today," Chief Executive Tim Sloan said on a call with analysts after the bank reported first-quarter earnings.
Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry said Wells Fargo is holding lower trading assets to maintain balance sheet size, a decision that prevents the bank from earning an extra $100 million per quarter.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A new therapy has arrived in Dunstable to help Bedfordshire residents fight anxiety and its related mental health conditions.
BrainWorking Recursive Therapy is designed to help sufferers get a fast and permanent fix for issues such as social anxiety disorder, irrational fear, anxiety, depression, stress, and more.
The relatively new treatment uses the latest thinking on neuroscience techniques to retrain the brain, involving a “powerful” method to stop a reaction to things that trigger the issue - the client choosing a preferred feeling to replace the ‘bad' feeling.
Keith Tunstall, advanced BWRT practitioner, said: “In 1983, a scientist called Benjamin Libet discovered that we start to react to information 0.5 seconds before we are consciously aware of it.
“BWRT works in that 0.5 second gap to stop a troublesome thought before it gets to our conscious awareness.”
Therapist, Terence Watts MCGI, created BWRT in 2011 after they read about Libet's experiments and there is an Academy of BrainWorking Recursive Therapy in St James's, London.
Keith said: “As a previous anxiety sufferer, I have the experience of the debilitating effect it can have on peoples lives. Having had just one successful session of BWRT which resolved my issue, I knew that I could help others to do the same.”
Keith always offers an initial, free consultation, and appointments are confidential, even available via Skype or FaceTime.
 They are based on High Street South, and you can call 01582 475459 or visit: www.bwrtuk.co.uk.
Two women who have been volunteering at a charity for a combined total of nearly 40 years have been honoured for their efforts.
Paula Davies and Joan Simpson both volunteer for Headway East Northants and were named as joint winners of this year's Susan Hollowell Award.
All the winners and nominees at the Sing for Serve concert in Rushden
The annual award is organised by Rushden-based charity Serve in memory of Susan Hollowell, who died in 2002 aged 63.
They were a committed volunteer in the town, chairperson of Northamptonshire and Rushden Age Concern and also helped to set up Serve.
Joan, who has been a volunteer at Headway for 17 years, and Paula, who has been helping out for 20 years, were presented with their certificates and trophy at the annual Sing for Serve carol concert at Park Road Baptist Church in Rushden last week.
Headway East Northants is based in Irthlingborough and provides support and services to individuals, family members and carers affected by an acquired brain injury.
Paula said they help out with various activities at the charity, including fundraising and arts and crafts sessions.
But what they really loves is seeing the improvement in people who go to Headway, such as with their speech.
Speaking about their joint win, Joan said it was a ‘lovely surprise.'
A post on the Facebook page for Headway East Northants congratulated the ladies on their win, and said: “Paula and Joan have volunteered at Headway East Northants for 20 years and are involved in a wide range of activities with our service users, as well as tirelessly fundraising.
“They are shining examples of volunteers and are held in the highest esteem by everyone here.”
A number of other people from various organisations including Cancer Research, Serve and Northamptonshire Carers were nominated for the award, which is in its 16th year, and were presented with certificates at the concert.
Cllr Sarah Peacock, who is Susan Hollowell's daughter, said: “They are all worthy, there are so many people out there that do voluntary work.
“But with Joan and Paula, I think it was their length of time - 20 years is a long time to do voluntary work and the support they give Headway is unbelievable.
“We felt that was what Mum would have liked.”
BRIEF-Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. acthar gel
* Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. Acthar® gel (repository corticotropin injection) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A poster carrying a picture of modern Turkey's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk is seen on a construction site ahead of the constitutional referendum in the Aegean port city of Izmir, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and 'Yes' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
A supporter of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan waves a 'Yes' campaign banner from a window as a huge portrait of Erdoğan surrounds the building during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Supporters and officials wait for the arrival of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan before a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and 'Yes' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and 'Yes' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
A supporter of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan holds a banner reads, 'our decision is yes' during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and 'Yes' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and 'Yes' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses their supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan hugs a child after their speech during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses their supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses their supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ANKARA President Tayyip Erdoğan appealed for support from Turkish voters in final campaign rallies on Saturday, the eve of a referendum which could tighten their grip over a country bridging the European Union and a conflict-strewn Middle East.
Opinion polls have given a narrow lead for a "Yes" vote in Sunday's referendum to replace Turkey's parliamentary democracy with an all-powerful presidency, a move Erdoğan says is needed to confront the security and political challenges Turkey faces.
Opponents say it is a step towards greater authoritarianism in a country where 40,000 people were arrested and 120,000 sacked or suspended from their jobs in a crackdown following a failed coup attempt against Erdoğan last July.
Western countries have criticised that tough response, and relations with the EU - which Turkey has been negotiating to join for a decade - hit a low during the campaign when Erdoğan accused European leaders of acting like Nazis for banning referendum rallies in their countries on security grounds.
They have also said Turkey could review a deal under which it limits the flow of migrants - many of them refugees fleeing war in neighbouring Syria and Iraq - into the European Union unless the bloc implements plans to grant Turks visa-free travel.
At a rally in Istanbul, one of four they held in the last hours before Sunday's vote, Erdoğan described the constitutional proposals as the biggest change in Turkey since the country was established nearly a century ago, and the culmination of the response to July's abortive putsch.
"Sunday will be a turning point in the fight against terrorist organisations. We will finish what we started on July 15 this April 16," they told a crowd in Istanbul's Tuzla district, decked with Turkish flags and giant pictures of the president.
Erdoğan's Islamist-rooted AK Party has enjoyed a disproportionate share of media coverage in the buildup to the vote, but the result may be close. A narrow majority of Turks will vote "Yes", two opinion polls suggested on Thursday, putting their support at only a little over 51 percent.
"Tomorrow is very important, you must absolutely go to the polls," Erdoğan urged the crowd. "Don't forget that the vote is our honour."
"TURKEY AT CROSSROADS"
Some 55 million people are eligible to vote at 167,140 polling stations across the nation, which open at 7.00 am (0400 GMT) in the east of the country and close at 5 pm (1400 GMT). Turkish voters abroad have already cast their ballots.
The package of 18 amendments would abolish the office of prime minister and give the president authority to draft the budget, declare a state of emergency and issue decrees overseeing ministries without parliamentary approval.
Proponents of the reform argue that it would end the current "two-headed system" in which both the president and parliament are directly elected, a situation they argue could lead to deadlock. Until 2014, presidents were chosen by parliament.
They also argue that the current constitution, written by the generals who ruled Turkey in the years following a 1980 coup, still bears the stamp of its military authors and, despite numerous revisions, must be overhauled.
"The presidential system we are bringing with this constitutional change is necessary for the development, growth and stability of our nation," Erdoğan said.
Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said Turkey was at a crossroads between a democratic parliamentary system and a "one-man regime". A "Yes" vote would put the country in danger, they said.
"We will put 80 million people onto a bus ... we don't know where it is headed," they told an opposition rally in the capital Ankara. "We are putting 80 million on a bus with no brakes."
Also opposing the proposed changes, the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP) held a rally on Saturday in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir, which was addressed by its jailed co-leader Selahattin Demirtas.
"This campaign was not carried out fairly and equally," Demirtas, who was arrested last November on terrorism charges, said in a joint letter with other detained HDP members which was read out at the rally.
"The reason behind our arrests was to prevent us from calling to our nation. The entire resources of the state were at disposal to support the 'Yes' campaign of the AK Party."
Erdoğan views the HDP as the political wing of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group, which has waged a three-decade insurgency in the southeast and claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a police compound in Diyarbakir on Wednesday.
The PKK is considered a terrorist group by the United States and European Union.
(Editing by Dominic Evans and Andrew Bolton)
Auckland Nines organisers have called for the event to be moved to Australia, laying the blame at the feet of the Warriors.
Warriors dejected after 3rd defeat in the Auckland Nines Source: Photosport
The event's contract to stay in the New Zealand's biggest city is not due to expire until next year.
However, the NRL is understood to be keen on it to be moved to Brisbane.
Melbourne has also been touted as a home for the pre-season tournament with the Victorian government already lodging interest to lure it south for 2019.
While official attendances were not released by Duco Events, they said about 22,000 people attended Eden Park on both days.
Duco Events director Dean Lonergan pointed the finger squarely at the Warriors, saying their poor performance to miss the NRL top eight in 2016 and lacklustre Nines squad dented the crowd size.
"What doesn't help first and foremost is that the Warriors had a shocking season last year," Lonergan told the Big Sports Breakfast.
"If the Warriors had have had a great season, made the eight or made the four, we'd sell another 10,000 or 15,000 tickets easily as both Auckland and New Zealand are Warriors supporters and they also have a second team in Sydney.
"Then they turned around and named what I consider to be a quite poor team.
"And then their attitude was 'we don't really care what happens in the Nines'. My personal opinion is the Warriors have probably sounded the death knell for this for Auckland city and the NRL will be very keen to take this elsewhere."
After four years, Lonergan said the Nines had outstayed its welcome in Auckland and it was time for it to be brought to Australia.
"It's probably time to go elsewhere," they said.
UPDATE 1-UK's Hammond, saved from purge, set to renew Brexit push
* Hammond reported to want to keep Britain in EU customs union
Prices start at Rs 35 lakh and go up to over Rs 6.25 crore!
Cabriolets/convertibles don't make for a very popular body style in India. Our weather isn't particularly supportive of ‘topless' driving and dusty conditions mean that even if you have a convertible, the roof will probably be down more often than not.
However, the idea of playing some soothing tunes while cruising down the highway with the wind in your hair is quite tempting, not to mention, the exclusivity of owning something rarely seen on our roads. Believe it or not, there's no lack of cabriolet options in India, provided you're able to pay up a good sum of money.
Here's a look at some drop-tops you can buy in India:
Mini Cooper S Convertible (Rs 34.90 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
When Mini launched the 3-door in India, we couldn't wait for the Cooper S and when they finally launched it, we couldn't wait for the Cooper S convertible. Are we greedy? You bet, and thankfully Mini obliged and launched the convertible. Powered by a 2.0-litre petrol engine, this hot hatch made hotter has 192PS of power and 280Nm of torque at its disposal. What's more is that it can complete the 0-100kmph run in just 7.1 seconds and of course, it's a Mini so the optional extra list where the real meat lies.
The one we like the most is the Union Jack stitching on the fabric roof, though it's an add-on that costs nearly Rs 1 lakh!
Audi A3 40 TFSI Cabriolet (Rs 44.75 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
The A3 Cabriolet has found a good number of takers in India. Powered by a 1.8-litre petrol engine, the little cabriolet has 180PS/250Nm at its disposal, making it quite zippy. Supporting your highway cruise is a 13-speaker Bang & Olufsen sound system along with 13 exterior colour options to choose from, though the fabric roof can only be had in black.
Mercedes-Benz C300 Cabriolet (Rs 60 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
The recently launched Mercedes-Benz C300 takes a traditionally chauffeur driven car and puts you in the front seat instead. Powered by the same engine as the GLC300 SUV, the C300 cabrio has 241PS of power and 370Nm of torque at its disposal, all sent straight to the rear wheels via Mercedes' new 9-speed gearbox. 0-100kmph comes up in a claimed 6.4 seconds with the top speed limited to 250kmph.
The roof itself is electrically foldable and can be operated at speeds of up to 50kmph. Mercedes claims that the roof can be tucked away in around 20 seconds. Also included is Mercedes' Aircap system that reduces the draft while the car is being driven with the roof down.
Audi A5 Cabriolet (Rs 67.51 lakh ex-showroom pan-India)
Audi's 2nd drop-top in India is part of what the brand likes to call, the A5 brat pack. Introduced alongside the A5 and S5, the A5 cabriolet features a soft-top convertible roof that opens in 15 seconds and closes in 18 seconds at speeds of up to 50kmph.
The features list includes full LED headlights and tail lights, along with dynamic LED turn indicators. Inside, it features the Audi virtual cockpit, MMI navigation Plus with MMI touch and can be had with a Bang and Olufsen sound system. Its 2.0-litre diesel engine makes 190PS of power and drives all four wheels, courtesy Audi's Quattro all-wheel drive system. The 7-speed twin-clutch automatic gearbox enables quick shifts, helping achieve a claimed 0-100kmph time of 7.8 seconds!
Mercedes-Benz E400 Cabriolet (Rs 76 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
The E400 gives one of Mercedes-Benz India's best selling cars a nice and exclusive touch. What's more is that its price has dropped by around Rs 2.5 lakh since it was launched, since the current-gen E-Class is on its way out. Powering the car is a 3.0-litre V6 petrol engine that makes 333PS of power and 480Nm of torque.
The motor comes paired with a 7-speed automatic gearbox with paddle shifters and the E400 executes the 0-100kmph run in a claimed 5.3 seconds. The topless E's highlight, of course, is the fabric convertible roof that can be opened or closed completely in around 20 seconds, at speeds of 40kmph or below.
Mercedes-AMG SLC43 Roadster (Rs 77.5 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
The SLC43 is the spiritual successor to the SLK55 AMG. Following the trend of downsizing seen across the German automaker's range, the SLC43 drops the old 5.5-litre V8 engine in favour of a 3.0-litre biturbo V6 engine with an AMG-specific engine management system. Power output is a delicious 367PS with the torque peaking 520Nm. The oomph is driven to the rear wheels through a ‘9G-TRONIC' 9-speed automatic gearbox with paddle shifters. 0-100kmph comes up in a claimed 4.7 seconds with the top speed electronically limited to 250kmph. If a fabric roof isn't to your taste, the SLC43 is a rare-breed-within-a-rare breed in India since it's a hard-top convertible!
BMW Z4 Roadster (Rs 77.5 lakh ex-showroom Delhi)
With an inline 6-cylinder engine making 306PS and 400Nm, the BMW Z4 has enough performance to thrill, combined with the great driving dynamics you'd expect of a BMW. Incidentally, it's the only convertible the brand sells in India. Like the SLC43, it too has a hard-top and if the invigorating exhaust note isn't enough, it also gets a 650W 14-speaker sound system.
Porsche 718 Boxster (Rs 85.53 lakh ex-Delhi)
Porsche has launched the 718 Boxster in India The 718 moniker pays homage to the successful flat-four cylinder Porsche 718 sports car of the '50s, and because the latest Cayman and Boxster get a new 2.0-litre, four-pot motor themselves, the 718 nameplate is back. The 718 Boxster makes 300PS of power (35PS more than before) and 380Nm of torque (100Nm more than before) and manages the 0-100kmph sprint in under 5 seconds!
Mercedes-Benz S500 Cabriolet (Rs 2.25 crore ex-showroom Delhi)
Yes, it's another Mercedes on this list! Here's where things start to get interesting and really expensive too. Having showcased the S500 drop-top at the 2016 Delhi Auto Expo, Mercedes-Benz has launched the 2-door cabriolet in India making it one of many body styles the S-Class is available to us in (sedan, Maybach limousine, coupe and cabriolet). Under its bonnet is a 4.7-litre V8 engine developing 455PS of power and 700Nm of torque. Equipped with a 9-speed automatic gearbox, the car completes the 0-100kmph run in 4.6 seconds with the top speed limited to 250kmph.
It too features a dashboard similar to the standard S-Class, but unlike it, the cabriolet is for buyers who prefer the front seat, especially because the rear legroom isn't nearly as generous. Like the C300, it sports a fabric roof which and it can be folded down in around 20 seconds.
Porsche 911 Cabriolet (Rs 1.54 crore-Rs 2.79 crore ex-showroom Delhi)
Convertibles don't get more legendary than this. The 911 Cabriolet is available in many iterations, including the Carrera cabriolet (Rs 1.54 crore ex-showroom Delhi), Carrera S cabriolet (Rs. 1.75 crore ex-showroom Delhi), Turbo cabriolet (Rs 2.37 crore ex-showroom Delhi) and Turbo S cabriolet (Rs 2.79 crore ex-showroom Delhi). With power outputs ranging from 370PS all the way up to 580PS, the 911 convertible range can be everything from a beach cruiser to a track tamer.
Jaguar F-Type Convertible (Rs 1.59 crore ex-showroom Delhi)
Take a striking balance of retro and modern design, add to it performance that can get your hair standing and the result is the F-Type. The drop-top F-Type is one of the sexiest cars money can buy and backs its sporty looks with powerful engines too.
While the 3.0-litre 6-cylinder mill of the F-Type S is certainly no slouch with a 0-100kmph time of 4.9 seconds, we'd get the F-Type R's 5.0-litre V8. Apart from belching up over 550 horsepower, it has a monstrous exhaust note that warns everyone ahead of you to move out of your way.
Maserati GranCabrio (Rs 2.19 crore ex-showroom Delhi)
Class, finesse, poise and style – all things you associate with the Italians so how could we miss out on Maserati? The GranCabrio offers bespoke soft-top fabric, wood finish and sound system options, packaged in an aggressively styled Italian masterpiece. It's propelled by a 4.7-litre engine that makes 450PS of power and 510Nm of torque – enough to make it hit 100kmph from a dead-stop in 5.2 seconds. The long bonnet and swooping tail look distinctive and with a length of nearly 5-metres, this beautiful demon has some serious road presence.
Ferrari California T (Rs 3.45 crore ex-showroom Delhi)
It's a tough chance we'll see the LaFerrari Aperta in India and while the 488 Spider will be here soon, here is one Ferrari convertible you can have in India right now. Powering the California T is a V8 engine producing 560PS and 755Nm of torque. With a 0-100kmph time of 3.6 seconds, you'll really need to resist the urge to slam the accelerator pedal, so onlookers get a good chance to ogle at and appreciate the design. With its asking price, you can be sure that not many will hit Indian roads. After all exclusivity doesn't come cheap.
Aston Martin Vantage S convertibles (approximately Rs 2.75 crore-Rs 3.85 crore ex-showroom)
Available with both V8 and V12 engines making 436PS/490Nm and 573PS/620Nm respectively, the Vantage twins offer beautiful designs combined with big engines to please the throttle-happy. These grand tourers are the ultimate tools to help you enjoy long distance cruises with class and make for a great way to flaunt that Aston Martin badge. Good thing the top goes down, so you can enjoy this jaw-dropping exhaust note (https://soundcloud.com/aston-martin-official/v12-vantage-s-roadster-in-car).
Bentley Continental GTC (Rs 3.81 crore ex-showroom)
A 6.0-litre, twin-turbo V12 powers this near 4 crore Rupee behemoth. Producing a meaty 590PS of power and 720Nm of torque, the Continental GTC executes the 0-100kmph run in just 4.7 seconds. Weighing over 2 tonnes, this heavy-weight comes with legendary British craftsmanship, aided with bits like walnut veneer, 17 leather upholstery options and a wider range of customization options than even your imagination would permit.
Aston Martin Vanquish Volante (approximately Rs 5.50 crore ex-showroom)
Just when you thought the Vantage twins are beauty personified, along comes the Vanquish Volante. Guaranteed to make you go weak in the knees, Aston's “ultimate grand tourer” features arguably the perfect balance of muscular and graceful design schemes. It's best keep a little time buffer while driving this though. Why? Well its blistering 0-100kmph time of just under 4 seconds is ballistic, but with a car that looks this good, chances are, you're going to spend some time just staring at it before driving off.
Lamborghini Aventador S Roadster (Rs 5.79 crore all-India ex-showroom)
Revealed at the 2017 Frankfurt Motor Show and launched in India simultaneously, the Lamborghini Aventador S Roadster is a technically a facelift, but packs in a lot of new kit. Its roof is a two-panel hardtop setup with each panel weighing less than 6kg, finished in matte carbon fibre. High gloss black and shiny visible carbon fibre are optionally available, while Lambo's Ad Personam programme opens the door to a wider range of custom selections. The mid-rear-mounted 6.5-litre V12 engine makes 740PS and 690Nm of torque, enabling a 0-100kmph time of 3 seconds!
Rolls-Royce Dawn (Rs 6.25 crore ex-showroom)
The last word in luxury? Perhaps, but that's for you to decide. However, the Rolls-Royce Dawn has a price tag that can baffle even the super-rich, before you even start personalizing it. Labelled the “quietest convertible on sale”, the RR Dawn is propelled by a 6.6-litre V12 engine that it shares with the Wraith. This power mill generates around 570PS and a peak torque of 780Nm. Apart from a claimed 0-100kmph time of 4.9 seconds, the luxo-barge gets a soft-top that can be opened or shut in 22 seconds.
Which one of these topless beauties would you like to see in your garage?
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Volunteer drivers are needed approximately one hour a day for the Lawton Mobile Meals program that delivers lunch five days a week to Lawton citizens who are elderly and homebound and/or Lawton citizens with a disability.
Volunteer drivers deliver over 50 meals each day. Volunteer to drive every day, once a week, semi-monthly, monthly or as a standby driver. To become a driving force with Lawton Mobile Meals, please call 357-5396.
BRUSSELS The European Banking Federation wants European Union and British negotiators to provide clarity on the terms of Britain's exit from the EU, after London triggered the process on Wednesday, so that banks can continue to finance the economy.
The EBF, which unites 32 national banking associations in Europe that together represent some 4,500 banks, said it was ready to help explain to policymakers the impact of the negotiations on the supervisory and regulatory framework and on business models.
"The EBF is keen to see clarity and certainty for banks during this process so that the banking sector can continue financing the economy while serving customers to the fullest extent and without undue disruption," it said in a statement.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski)
There are so many places in the Philippines called Sabang.
There's one in Puerto Galera, and there's another one in Camarines Sur. There are also Sabangs in Indonesia and in Malaysia.
Sabang means “a place that can be found at the mouth of a river” in the Indo-Malay language. And perhaps the most famous Sabang in the world is a small village in Puerto Princesa, and it's at the mouth of the world's most famous subterranean river.
When I first visited Sabang in the 1990s, it was still a quiet village with very few residents. You go there on a public jeepney that leaves Puerto Princesa very early in the morning. The 80-kilometer stretch was mostly unpaved. As soon as you reach Sabang, you go on foot via the Monkey Trail to reach the mouth of the subterranean river where you rent a paddle boat to take you inside the cave.
There's no recorded history about when the underground river was discovered. But the locals living near the cave must have known about it for a long time but were just afraid to go further for fear of the spirits they believed are lurking inside.
The St. Paul's Subterranean Park was finally established in March 26, 1971 by virtue of Proclamation 835. The park covered an area of 3,901 hectares. Experts later concluded that the size of the park was inadequate to protect the watershed of the Underground River and its significant biodiversity. And so on November 16, 1999, the cover area was expanded to 22,202 hectares under Proclamation 212, and the park was renamed Puerto Princesa Subterranean Rver National Park.
In June 2011, the Puerto Princesa Underground River or PPUR was entered by the Philippine government in the global search for the New Seven Wonders of the World. The winners were selected via online voting. The social media hungry Pinoysmade sure that PPUR will be included in the list. And so, on November 11, 2011, when the winners were announced, the PPUR was declared as one of the New Seven Wonders of the World.
Today, the once sleepy village of Sabang is now filled with tourists all waiting to see this wonder of nature.
How to get there
The easiest way to reach Puerto Princesa is to fly either from Manila or from Cebu, where about a dozen flights a day bring tourists from all over. Those who wish to visit the underground river must visit the City Coliseum in Puerto Princesa to secure a slot as they are limited before heading to Sabang.
Go to the transportation terminal located at the compound of the city market and take either a van or a jeepney going to Sabang. Vans are usually air-conditioned and take shorter time (about an hour and 45 minutes) to go to Sabang. Jeepneys are cheap, but take longer to be filled up before leaving the terminal. Travel time via jeepney is about two hours and a half.
A short distance from the jeepney terminal in Sabang is the tourism office where the tour to the underground river is arranged. Total cost per visitor is P575 for foreigners and P500 for Filipinos. It includes entrance fee, environmental fee, boat ride and audio device.
What to see, what to do
The main highlight of the visit to Sabang is the tour to the underground river. As soon as one pays all the fees, they will be taken on a boat to the mouth of the underground river. To the adventurous, they can do the 5km trek thru the so-called Monkey Trail through the jungle. Either way, they will fall in line to join the people who will be taken inside the cave on a paddle boat. Each boat has a paddler and a guide. They take visitors to a distance of about a kilometer inside the cave (although the underground river is more than 24 km long). Guides speak good English and often entertain their visitors with their naughty interpretation of the rock formations.
Another activity to do in Sabang is to do a paddleboat mangrove forest tour being operated by a community-based Palaweno organization. As a protected area for more than 40 years, the mangrove forest remains well-preserved. The mangrove forest is home to endemic snakes and other reptiles. It is also here where one can try fresh tamilokor woodworms.
One can also try the zip line, or do some exploring of the Elephant Kast Mountain Cave and Ugong Rock. At the end of the day, the kilometre-long Sabang Beach is a nice place to cool down and watch the beautiful sunset of Palawan.
Where to stay, what to eat
For those with money to splurge, stay at Sheridan Beach Resort and Spa. It has all the amenities of a high-end resort. It has a nice swimming pool, and it serves the freshest and best seafood dishes in Sabang.
Right next to Sheridan is Daluyon Beach and Mountain Resort. It's a friendly family resort that has cottages made from native materials.
For backpackers, there's the Mary's Beach Resort, Dabdab, Blue Bamboo and Sabang Café, all offering lodging in basic fan rooms.
For dining, most of the resorts have their own restaurants. But for quick turo-turo style dining, there are a couple of carinderias near the jeepney terminal offering staples like adobo, fried chicken and occasional seafood dishes. There is also a Vietnamese restaurant there that serves delicious chao long noodle dish.
Sabang is also a good place to get pearls. Those selling souvenirs there are actually merchants coming from southern Palawan, where pearls are grown.
Beyond the underground river, Sabang is a good place to chill for a few days. But it's still the subterranean park that makes it a wonder of nature.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The Commodity Futures Trading Commission fined Deutsche Bank Securities Inc $70 million as regulators continue to punish attempted manipulation of interest-rate benchmarks. on.wsj.com/2ntU98O
- U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to tell lawmakers as early as Friday that they have approved the release of a classified memo that Republicans allege shows improper surveillance of one of the president's former campaign aides, a White House official said Thursday. on.wsj.com/2nxBf0L
- CBS Corp and Viacom Inc said Thursday that their boards have formed special committees to evaluate a potential merger, a deal that would reunite the two big pieces of the Redstone family's media empire. on.wsj.com/2nwkGlG
- Trump said Thursday that they are willing to walk away from immigration negotiations if Democrats won't agree to their terms, and many involved in the debate said the chances of a deal appear to be fading. on.wsj.com/2nu7QEO
- Pope Francis has decided to accept the legitimacy of seven Catholic bishops appointed by the Chinese government, a concession that the Holy See hopes will lead Beijing to recognize their authority as head of the Catholic Church in China, according to a person familiar with the plan. on.wsj.com/2nuxBVf (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom)
April 12 Canacol Energy Ltd
* Provides guidance for 2017
* Announces 2017 capital budget is us$ 89 million
* 2017 capital budget is us$ 89 million
* In 2017, realized contractual oil and gas sales anticipated to average between 18,000 and 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day
* Anticipates colombian oil production to average about 2,500 bopd and ecuador oil production to average about 1,200 bopd in calendar 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Growing need to connect devices for offering customer support is projected to rev up demand for the clientless remote support software globally. As manufacturers are concentrating on developing innovative products and techniques, the global market of clientless remote support software is projected to increase. Fact.MR states that the global market of clientless remote support software is projected to reflect a CAGR of 14.4% over the forecast period, 2017-2026.
Click Here For Sample Report @ https://www.factmr.com/connectus/sample?flag=S&rep_id=345
Factors Fuelling Global Market Growth
Growth of the global clientless remote support software market is mainly bound by various macro-economic and micro-economic factors. Increasing demand for connected devices is projected to rev up demand for the clientless remote support software globally. Electronic companies are adopting the clientless remote support software to offer the customer care services to the end users irrespective of their location and distances.
Increasing incidences of technical complications at the end user's interface has revved up demand for immediate solution and support from the IT help-desk. Moreover, various small and large scale companies are also equipping their IT help desk with the clientless remote support software in order to offer solutions and support to the end users at far distances. Surge in demand to offer customer services and support due to technical problems in various companies is projected to fuel demand for the clientless remote support software applications globally.
In addition, increasing instances of the battery optimization, malware attacks and detection, and firmware software is projected to boost demand for the clientless remote support software in the global market. Instances of various malware attacks has led to growing need for immediate services on the gadgets of the end users. As these attacks are conducted in stealth and could lead to significant data loss, IT-help desks prefer offering solutions and support to the end users through the clientless remote support software applications. Bound to these factors, the global market of clientless remote support software is projected to represent robust growth over the forecast period.
A recent trend witnessed among the leading market players includes increasing collaboration product innovation. As major market players are increasingly concentrating on developing innovative products, sales of clientless remote support software applications is projected to remain high throughout the forecast period. Moreover, growing need to train the employees and students in the IT department is further expected to impact the global market growth of clientless remote support software positively. These factors are expected to contribute towards the global market growth of clientless remote support software over the forecast period.
Sales to Remain High Through PC/Laptop Products
As the requirement to offer IT solutions and support to the customers arises, demand for deploying these applications through cloud-based services is projected to remain high. In terms of revenue, the could-based deployment type segment is projected to witness the highest growth, representing for more than US$ 600 Mn by 2026-end. During the forecast period, the cloud-based deployment segment is projected to reflect a robust CAGR.
On the basis of end use industry, the IT & Telecom end use industry segment is projected to reflect a significant CAGR over the forecast period. However, the BFSI end use industry segment is projected to generate significant revenues, representing more than US$ 50 Mn by 2017-end.
Based on device type, the smartphone device type segment is projected to reflect the highest CAGR during the forecast period. In contrary, the PC/Laptop device type segment is projected to witness robust revenue growth, representing more than US$ 300 Mn by 2026-end.
Browse Full Report with TOC @ https://www.factmr.com/report/345/clientless-remote-support-software-market
Market Players
Major market players in the global market of clientless remote support software are WebEx LLC, Cisco, Bomgar Corporation, LogMeIn, Inc., TeamViewer GmbH, Rsupport, Inc, VMware, Inc., Ntrglobal Group Ltd, Splashtop Inc. and RealVNC Limited.
Check Discount @ https://www.factmr.com/connectus/sample?flag=D&rep_id=345
About Fact.MR
Fact.MR is a fast-growing market research firm that offers the most comprehensive suite of syndicated and customized market research reports. We believe transformative intelligence can educate and inspire businesses to make smarter decisions. We know the limitations of the one-size-fits-all approach; that's why we publish multi-industry global, regional, and country-specific research reports.
Contact Us
Fact.MR
11140 Rockville Pike
Suite 400
Rockville, MD 20852
United States
Email: sales@factmr.com
Web: https://www.factmr.com/
From behind the podium, Big XII Commissioner Bob Bowlsby address the media assembled for the Big 12 Conference Football Media Days at the Omni Dallas, July 16, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Rhoades is not alone in their sentiments. It's still happening.
"My personal opinion, I don't like it," Baylor athletic director Mack Rhoades said. "I don't think there should be legalized betting on college sports. It is now -- and I don't like it."
Big 12 presidents and athletic directors will get a crash course Thursday on the decision during the conference's spring meetings.
IRVING -- With one ruling this month, the U.S. Supreme Court made sports betting a front-burner issue for college administrators.
For now, the goal is game-planning a whole new world of widespread -- and legal -- college sports betting along with an emphasis on education and integrity provisions. For ADS at TCU and Kansas State, the change might be as daunting as explaining to football coaches Gary Patterson and Bill Snyder that they must provide detailed injury reports to the public.
No one quite knows what comes next.
"Well, in all frankness, I wish I knew how it was going to affect landscape," Commissioner Bob Bowlsby said. "You just look at our footprint. We have five different states that are going to have five different sets of rules and laws."
While Bowlsby noted that Texas isn't likely to legalize sports gambling soon, other states are likely to get involved.
"I think the vast majority of the others are going to have a robust conversation about what they want to do in their state," Bowlsby said. "I think that the likely result is a bunch of different laws that don't like much like each other or are irreconcilable in having any unanimity around it."
Bowlsby drew the comparison with the patchwork quilt of state marijuana laws.
"I just think there are so many cards in the deck that haven't been seen yet," Bowlsby said, "we're going to have to wait and see how it progresses."
West Virginia is at the cutting edge of the changes with a sports betting bill pending.
School president E. Gordon Gee, the chairperson of the Big 12 board of directors, says that as a devout Mormon they have little use for gambling.
Stephen Kenny reckons the relegation of three of this year's top-flight clubs will be “very, very harsh”, but there was no new information on Wednesday as to how exactly a restructuring of the Airtricity League was agreed.
The FAI's competitions director insisted at the new season's launch that the matter was not up for discussion.
“I'm not going back on it again,” Fran Gavin told members of the media while answering questions from them for the first time since the changes were announced.
“The decision is, it's going to be 10 and 10 [in the two divisions from 2018]. It's going to make a very exciting league and we are where we are.”
Gavin repeated their position several times and was just as unforthcoming on this year's licensing decisions. Wexford, for instance, were granted one, despite having made what was most likely a late application given the timing of the move by one of Mick Wallace's creditors to bankrupt the previous incarnation of the club.
“The licence committee made the decision,” Gavin said. “An independent committee. They made their decisions and they were satisfied with the application, and they [Wexford] have been rewarded with a First Division licence.”
Few would have liked to have seen Wexford put out of football in the way that was intended but that does not alter the fact that, yet again, the association's much-trumpeted system for the maintenance of standards in the club game has been left looking like little more than a bit of dressed-up ducking and diving intended, first and foremost, to keep the show on the road.
None of which, of course, is Shane Keegan's problem, although the former Wexford Youths and now Galway United manager has enough to keep themselves busy as they attempt to ensure that their new club does not get dragged into what could be a wide-ranging relegation battle, with three clubs going to go down.
ADVERTISEMENT
Separate ourselves
“There's going to be a hell of a lot to play for, for everyone involved,” they said.
“We finished down around the bottom half of the table last time, so the question will be whether we can separate ourselves from those three relegation spots over the first round of games.
“If you can do that, then you can focus on kicking on and finishing in the top half of the table. But for us, the initial focus is avoiding that bottom three.”
While Stephen Kenny is highly unlikely to have to concern themselves with things at that end of the table, they acknowledge that enforcing a cull that affects a quarter of their top-flight colleagues is pretty tough on them.
“The stakes are high, and it's very harsh in a 12-team league for three teams to go down; very, very harsh,” they said. “I think the European places are up for grabs; the league title is up for grabs, a lot of teams will feel that they can make a fair challenge at it.
“The way we feel about it at Dundalk is that nobody gives you anything. We understand that we have to start again with no points and what we've done before counts for nothing now; we've got to go again.
“We have to go away to Cork, away to Derry and away to Sligo in the first six game and we also have Shamrock Rovers, St Patrick's and Limerick in those first six games, so it's as tough a start as you could get and the challenge for us is that we have some new players coming in and we have to integrate them and hit the ground running.
“It's a big test for everyone to go again but we certainly won't be lacking hunger or the determination to do it.”
New pitch
If Kenny sounded certain on that point, they seemed less convinced when asked about the club's new pitch being ready for the visit of Rovers on Friday week. “It's not finished yet,” they said. “Apparently it will be ready for next week. The club only took over the lease just after Christmas and immediately work started straight away. It's due to be ready for next week.”
Harry Kenny, meanwhile, admits that they are not quite sure what to make of the news that their team will be competing in the Scottish Challenge Cup but they admit that it might yet to be an unwelcome distraction if Bray Wanderers are scrapping for points towards the end of the league season here.
“I don't really know the ins and outs of it, to be honest,” said Kenny after it was confirmed that an invitation from Scotland for two teams to participate had been accepted and that Wanderers, along with Sligo Rovers – the two highest-placed sides not to qualify for Europe last season – will be representing the league in what will be the 2017/18 edition of the competition.
“If we're mid-table, it'll be nice to have something to look forward to; if you're challenging for anything at all, then it could be a hindrance, to be perfectly honest. But as things stand, it's a nice little reward for finishing where we did last year.”
Miami is renowned for its beaches and its beautiful women strutting around in their lingerie displaying their well-sculpted bodies. The skin show entails that the woman wears lingerie of the highest quality.
In the olden days people used to throng the physical stores for purchasing the women clothes in Miami. Now, the times have changed with people shifting to the online purchases. The convenience of online shopping coupled with the availability of an entire range of lingerie makes the SLA website the most popular one in the market.
The range of merchandise available on the website is awesome. You have an attractive range of colors to choose from as well. The website presents a fantastic opportunity for the women to buy their exotic lingerie.
SLA has acquired the reputation of being one of the best clothing boutiques in Miami. The biggest advantage of this website is that you can buy your lingerie from anywhere in the world. Women all around the world have mastered the art of shopping online. There is no need of haggling with the shopkeepers for your rebates. The website has its rebates and promotional offers that have the capacity to attract the women to purchase online.
One of the greatest advantages of using this website for shopping for lingerie in Miami is the privacy it offers to the purchaser. There is no need for the woman to feel any embarrassment while shopping for the lingerie at the physical stores.
This website allows you the liberty to return the merchandize if you are not satisfied with it in any way. Of course, the quality of merchandise is such that you might never have to exercise this opportunity at all. This website provides the best opportunity for the women to purchase their lingerie from SLA.
When you have the best lingerie in Miami in your possession, it should not be a problem for you to display your assets without feeling the need to be embarrassed in any way. You can flaunt your well sculpted body and earn the admiration of the people along the way.
Contact :
Sexy Lingerie And Apparel
850 Ives Dairy Rd
Miami, Florida
33179, USA
Phone : 786-955-5670
Email ID : LadyD@sexylingerieandapparel.com
Website : https://www.sexylingerieandapparel.com/
Thandie Newton at the 2018 Tribeca Film Festival premiere of Westworld. Cindy Ord / Getty Images
Since its inception in January of 2018, the Time's Up movement has drawn criticism from some unlikely detractors: the very women it's supposed to protect. Trailblazing Harvey Weinstein accusers Rose McGowan and Asia Argento called the movement out after its controversial Golden Globes debut: McGowan called Time's Up's all-black fashion protest “Hollywood fakery,” while Argento said they were not invited to the Golden Globes nor asked to sign the open letter that kicked off the movement. Now, Westworld actor Thandie Newton has come forward to say that they felt ignored by Time's Up as well.
In an interview with the Telegraph, Newton said they were excluded from the movement when it launched. “I wasn't hot enough,” they reasoned. “I wasn't mainstream enough and I wasn't going to be at the Oscars this year, even though I am having a kind of renaissance in my career.” Newton, whose performance as Maeve on Westworld earned them an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series, told W magazine in 2016 that they had been abused by a casting director as a teenager. They now say they were subsequently “ostracized” by the industry.
Citing Newton's interview, Asia Argento took to Twitter to reiterate their doubts about Time's Up:
More proof, if any was needed, that #TimesUp is an exclusive club (and extended feel-good PR opportunity) for Hollywood elites that shuns survivors https://t.co/xr1qLUurmZ — Asia Argento (@AsiaArgento) April 23, 2018
While it's unclear exactly who, of the “over 300 women” cited in Time's Up's debut ad, is running the movement, Reese Witherspoon, Oprah Winfrey, Shonda Rhimes, and America Ferrera have all recurred as key players. The Jan. 1, 2018 open letter from which Argento was conspicuously absent sports signatures from all manner of supportive women, including feminist writers like Roxane Gay and Gloria Steinem and Hollywood heavy-hitters like Kathleen Kennedy and Nicole Kidman.* Fame does not appear to be a factor in who signed the ad, and Thandie Newton's name is on the letter—though such a symbolic move does not necessarily indicate their active inclusion in the movement as a whole.
The open letter, addressed to female farmworkers, marked an initial move by Time's Up to quell claims of elitism. The movement had raised some $20 million dollars in legal aid as of February this year and works to direct harassment and assault victims toward financial and social resources.
Movement organizer and actor Jessica Chastain responded to Argento's tweets Monday afternoon, saying, “I have felt so bad that some feel excluded.”
“No one is unwelcome,” Chastain tweeted. “The more women that come together, standing shoulder to shoulder, the stronger we are.”
I invited you to the first meeting at my house Nov 27th but unfortunately you were out of town. It wasn't called #TimesUp cuz we didn't have a name. It was just a group of actores coming together to see how we could support the brave women coming forward & create lasting change — Jessica Chastain (@jes_chastain) April 23, 2018
You, and so many others, were so brave to speak up & start this movement. It is my goal to make sure it will never be in vain. I will always support you and what you did. — Jessica Chastain (@jes_chastain) April 23, 2018
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 11:00 am: Budget session of parliament continues in New Delhi. 05:00 pm: Government to release February infrastructure output data in New Delhi. 05:00 pm: RBI to release weekly foreign exchange data in Mumbai. 05:30 pm: GST Council meets in New Delhi. 06:20 pm: Federal cabinet to meet, agenda not disclosed in New Delhi. LIVECHAT- QUIZ EAST The first of our Friday quizzes focuses on Asia and the week's top news. Tests your wits and googling speed, at 1100 am. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • India seeks ways to revive state steel giant after damning report India has set up an expert panel to help revive its loss-making state steelmaker after a government review found the company to be far less efficient than its rivals despite spending more than $10 billion in the past eight years. • India to consider extension of tax benefits to big power projects India will put forward a proposal in its cabinet on Friday to give 25 large power projects extra time to take advantage of tax incentives, two government officials said, as a part of efforts to cut power tariffs and help to reduce stress on banks saddled with bad loans. • India extends Canada exemption from crop fumigation policy India will exempt Canada for three months from its policy that so-called pulse crops such as peas and lentils must be fumigated with methyl bromide to kill insects before leaving the country of origin, the Canadian government said on Thursday. • India privately took Amazon to task over insulting flag doormat India's reaction to an Amazon.com website selling doormats resembling the country's flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the U.S. company by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, a document shows. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Trump says trade gap will make China meeting 'a very difficult one' U.S. President Donald Trump set the tone for a tense first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week by tweeting on Thursday that the United States could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses. • China March factory activity grows fastest in nearly 5 years-official PMI Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has gained momentum early this year, an official survey showed. • Toshiba offered $17.9 bln for chip unit by Silver Lake and Broadcom-Nikkei U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners and U.S. chipmaker Broadcom Ltd have offered Toshiba Corp about 2 trillion yen for its chip unit, the Nikkei business daily reported. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,184.00, trading down 0.11 pct from its previous close. The Indian rupee will likely open little changed to slightly higher against the dollar, shrugging off strength in the greenback after upbeat U.S. growth data, as investors buy into the nation's assets ahead of the financial year-end. Most other Asian currencies were lower. Indian government bonds may rise, as state-run lenders are likely to continue purchases to boost fiscal year-end valuations. However, higher U.S. yields and crude oil prices may weigh on appetite, a dealer with a private bank said. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.66 pct-6.73 pct band today. The bond had closed at 101.95 rupees, yielding 6.69 pct, yesterday. GLOBAL MARKETS • Wall Street gained on Thursday, led by financial shares, after data showed U.S. economic growth was stronger than previously reported last quarter, helped by robust consumer spending, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq set a record closing high. • Asian shares were mixed and the dollar extended its overnight gains on signs of strong U.S. economic growth, while the euro inched up after sliding overnight on data suggesting slowing growth in Europe. • The dollar edged up in Asian trading, poised for weekly gains after solid U.S. economic data contrasted with figures showing euro zone inflation cooling. • U.S. Treasury debt yields rose on Thursday after the final fourth-quarter U.S. grossdomestic product number was revised higher, reflecting steady but less spectacular growth than in the prior quarter for the world's largest economy. • Oil prices eased as traders took profits following three days of straight gains on the expectation that an OPEC-led crude supply cut that was initially supposed to only last for the first half of the year would be extended. • Gold prices held firm amid lingering uncertainty over upcoming elections in Europe and Britain's exit from the European Union, even as the dollar hovered around two-week highs on positive U.S. economic data. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.93/64.96 March 30 $10.48 mln $151.26 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.06 Month-to-date $4.62 bln $4.15 bln Year-to-date $6.18 bln $5.46 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.8500 Indian rupees)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
Contact
Ryan Stenberg
858.966.9047
***@chirotouch.com Ryan Stenberg858.966.9047
End
-- Contact: Kitty FranklinChiroTouch9265 Sky Park CourtSuite 200San Diego, CA 92123Phone: 858.966.9047ChiroTouch's CTAcademy to Host "Branding Your Communication"Webinar with Dr. Cathy Wendland-ColbySan Diego, CA—April 17, 2017—ChiroTouch™, the nation's leader in chiropractic software, is pleased to announce the upcoming webinar "Branding Your Communication,"which is scheduled to air live for one hour on Thursday, April 20, 2017, at 10:00am PST. This webinar will be led by Dr. Cathy Wendland-Colby, an international empowerment speaker, health and fitness advocate, and personal growth, leadership, and speaking coach.Chiropractors sometimes wonder where all their new patients have gone. If they've ever had an influx of new patients that don't stay—or even worse, cause them to take focus off existing patients—there may be miscommunication in their office. Chiropractors get so busy serving patients that they often don't spend time formulating their brand and training their team. As a result, they end up with a mixture of marketing materials, incongruent team scripts, and in-office education that don't accurately reflect their vision and mission."Having a clear brand and consistently communicating that message to patients creates trust and clarity," said Robert Moberg, CEO of ChiroTouch. "This leads to increased patient satisfaction and referrals, which, in turn, grows the practice. We're thrilled to have Dr. Wendland-Colby join us and share their insight on how to create and support a brand that embodies the philosophy and goals of one's practice."Join this webinar to learn:* Why chiropractors' brands matter to their patients, their team, and their community* How chiropractors can develop their personal brand to set themselves apart from the crowd* Steps struggling chiropractors can take to develop confidence through clear communication* How chiropractors can craft their message for maximum attraction, education, and retention* Strategies for chiropractors to engage their ideal prospective patientsChiroTouch offers two ONC certified EHR chiropractic software systems, one cloud-based and one on premise. Both systems are designed from the ground up to maximize efficiencies for virtually every process, including patient self check-in, scheduling, SOAP notes, billing, interoffice communication, and more. ChiroTouch has developed its HIPAA-compliant systems to drastically reduce the time it takes to perform tasks that chiropractors are already doing, thus giving chiropractors more time to see more patients—resulting in increased referrals, improved efficiencies, and a direct, measurable impact on practice profitability.Other recent webinar topics include "MACRA – 2017 Compliance Reporting Simplified,""The Secret Recipe to Grow Your Practice," and "Keeping More of What You Make." The ChiroTouch webinar programs and the attendees have benefited from speakers such as Dr. David Jackson, Garrett Gunderson, Dr. Patrick Gentempo, Dr. Bob Hoffman, Kathy Mills Chang, and many more. This cross-section of the most influential and recognized coaches and speakers has made for a very robust and popular series of webinars. These webinars, along with many more, can be viewed at http://www.chirotouch.com/ webinars/ To join this webinar, visit http://learn.chirotouch.com/ l/124901/2017- 04-13/mmg8n? utm... About ChiroTouchChiroTouch® is the premier provider of certified 2014 Edition Complete EHR chiropractic software technology solutions including ChiroTouch® Complete Practice Software and SmartCloud Chiropractic EHR Software. With industry-leading support, training, and compliance expertise, we partner with practices of every type to help them easily automate operations, improve patient care, and increase profitability. Visit www.chirotouch.com.
