April 5 Park Ohio Holdings Corp
* Park-Ohio prices $350 million debt offering
* Park Ohio Holdings Corp - priced its offering of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.625 pct senior notes due 2027
* Park Ohio Holdings - intends to enter into a new revolving credit facility by amending and restating agreement governing its existing credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
The Waymo logo is displayed during the company's unveil of a self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivan during the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., January 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Waymo self-driving unit sought to arbitrate claims last year against a former employee at the center of its lawsuit against Uber, court records released on Wednesday showed, in what Uber said strengthened its bid to get the case out of court and into arbitration.
Waymo's lawsuit, filed last month, set in motion what could be a long and acrimonious trade-secrets battle between the two tech rivals. Both companies are vying to be first to bring self-driving cars to the masses, which is considered one of the biggest opportunities for both the tech and auto sectors.
But arbitration, which is a private process to resolve disputes, could keep the battle out of the public eye.
Court documents filed by Uber Technologies [UBER.UL] on Wednesday said that Waymo sought arbitration on Oct. 28 for two claims against its former employee, engineer Anthony Levandowski. Those claims involved allegations that Levandowski used confidential information to recruit co-workers to their new rival company, the court records showed.
Levandowski was a long-time employee of Google's self-driving division - whose name later changed to Waymo - before leaving to co-found Otto, an autonomous driving start-up later acquired by Uber. Otto is also a defendant in the case.
In its lawsuit, Waymo alleges that Levandowski downloaded and stole more than 14,000 confidential files, including details on light detection and ranging sensor technology, known as Lidar, a crucial element in most self-driving car systems, before leaving the company.
Uber is seeking to get the high-profile case sent to arbitration, arguing that Waymo's allegations against Uber are "inextricably bound up" with Levandowski's employment agreement with Waymo.
Uber said the revelation that Waymo itself sought arbitration bolstered its own case for arbitration.
"There should be no dispute concerning the validity of the arbitration agreements themselves in view of Waymo's arbitration demand against Levandowski based on those agreements," wrote Uber in its motion filed in federal court in San Francisco.
Waymo has not yet replied in court to Uber's motion to compel arbitration.
(Reporting by Alexandria Sage and Dan Levine in San Francisco; Writing by Alexandria Sage; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
CHICAGO, April 28 BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink on Friday said they are a "big believer" in Wells Fargo & Co Chief Executive Tim Sloan, saying the scandal-hit bank bank is now on a good path.
The world's largest asset manager is a major shareholder in the bank, whose board faced a contentious annual meeting on Tuesday.
Fink was speaking at the Morningstar Investment Conference in Chicago.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Photo: Brent Perniac / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
N.E.R.D. has turned up the heat on current hit “Lemon” featuring Rihanna by adding Drake to the remix.
Related: Does Drake's Next Single Feature Lauryn Hill?
The new version of the No One Ever Really Dies single opens with the distinctive voice of Drizzy, who kicks off the remix with the first verse: “I get it how I live it/ I live it how I get/ Y'all don't really get it​/ I pull up in a lemon/ Blocks get to spendin'/ Money 3D printin'/ Never had a limit/ Never been religious/ I just always had opinions.”
Listen to the “Lemon” remix, with explicit lyrics, at Radio.com.
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, visits a stable as they campaigns near Poitiers, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (R), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, and Alain Claeys mayor of Poitiers, pose near a street musician as they campaign in Poitiers, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/ Eric Feferberg/Pool
Emmanuel Macron (L), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, visits a market as they campaign in Poitiers, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/ Eric Feferberg/Pool
French President Francois Hollande attends their last summit presser after the EU summit in Brussels, Belgium, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
PARIS President Francois Hollande urged the French on Saturday to choose centrist Emmanuel Macron over far-right opponent Marine Le Pen in the second round of the presidential election, telling voters it was their duty to Europe as well as France.
Hollande had previously said they would vote for their former economy minister but had not given voting instructions.
Polls show Macron winning on May 7 with about 59-60 percent, but the momentum has been with Le Pen, who has clawed back about five percentage points over the past week.
Le Pen on Saturday chose defeated first-round candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan as their chosen prime minister if they were to be elected, a bid to attract their voters.
"One has to take the ballot paper, the Macron one, and consider it as the ballot that will prevent (the country) from the far right," Hollande said on the sidelines of a European Union summit devoted to Brexit.
Voters had a responsibility towards Europe as well as France, they said, a reference to Le Pen's anti-EU stance.
"The consequences would be high if France were to turn away from Europe. The choice of the French people is a choice for France but also for the European Union."
(Reporting by Matthias Blamont; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON The top U.S. commander in Iraq on Tuesday acknowledged the likelihood that the U.S.-led coalition had a role in blasts in Mosul that killed civilians this month but said an investigation was underway and that Islamic State may also be to blame.
"My initial assessment is that we probably had a role in these casualties. Now, here's what I don't know. What I don't know is were they (the civilians) gathered there by the enemy? We still have some assessments to do," Lieutenant General Steve Townsend told a Pentagon news briefing, speaking from Iraq.
"I would say this, that it sure looks like they were."
Conflicting accounts have emerged since the March 17 explosion in al-Jadida district in west Mosul, where Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition air strikes are fighting to clear Islamic State militants from Iraq's second city.
Investigators are in Mosul to determine whether a U.S.-led coalition strike or Islamic State-rigged explosives caused a blast that destroyed buildings and may have killed more than 200 people.
"My initial impression is the enemy had a hand in this. And there's also a fair chance that our strike had some role in it," Townsend said. "I think it's probably going to play out to be some sort of combination. But you know what, I can't really say for sure and we just have to let the investigation play out."
(Reporting by Phil Stewart and Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Article 50: live coverage at Reuters.com
Prime Minister Theresa May has filed formal Brexit divorce papers, pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the endurance of the European Union. Reuters is providing live coverage here://live.reuters.com/Event/Road_to_Brexit all day.
here
Cisco and the CIA
When Wikileaks released documents describing how the CIA had learned how to exploit flaws in Cisco's widely used Internet switches to enable eavesdropping, senior Cisco managers had to figure out how the CIA hacking tricks worked so they could help customers patch their systems. That a major U.S. company had to rely on WikiLeaks to learn about security problems well-known to U.S. intelligence agencies underscores concerns expressed by dozens of current and former U.S. intelligence and security officials about the government's approach to cybersecurity. Reuters' Joseph Menn reports.
here
More on Monsanto and India
Monsanto lost a legal battle with one of India's biggest seed producers over a contract dispute, and was ordered to restore a licensing agreement and cut royalty charges. The company's India joint venture Nuziveedu Seeds Ltd to court in 2015, claiming patent infringements and accusing the Indian company of continuing to use Monsanto's technology after MMB had canceled its licensing contract. The Delhi High Court ruled that MMB should not have canceled the contract in the first place, and said it must be restored. It also said royalty payments agreed under the original contract must be reduced in accordance with a change in Indian government policy last year. See the Reuters Special report here on Monsanto and India for all the background.
here
Exclusive: ECB replaces Brussels head, annuls four hires after rule breach
The European Central Bank has replaced the head of its Brussels office and annulled four more appointments after staff complaints about unlawful hirings and promotions, internal documents seen by Reuters show.
here
Australia deals with nearly polar opposites on trade
Australia and China have found unprecedented common ground on trade, with a clear agenda of rejecting the "America First" protectionism touted by Donald Trump. But growing trade ties are only one side of a delicate super-power balancing act for Australia, whose unshakeable security relationship with the United States and Western democratic values have limited how cozy it gets with China. Reuters' Jane Wardell and Jonathan Barrett report from Sydney.
here
Reuters photo of the day
Boy and buffaloes
here
A boy stands near buffaloes that belong to displaced Iraqi farmers from Badush, northwest of Mosul, who fled their village and later returned to retrieve them as the battle against Islamic State's fighters continues. REUTERS/Youssef Boudlal
FILE PHOTO: A man walks through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
LONDON Britain's top share index fell on Monday in choppy trade, beginning the second quarter on a weak note as oil-related stocks reversed course to trade lower and banks also weighed.
The blue chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index closed 0.6 percent lower at 7,282.69 points as markets traded lower following news that a coalition of U.S. states and municipalities have begun legal action against President Donald Trump's administration over energy efficiency standards.
Oil stocks rallied earlier in the session but gave up gains to end in negative territory as oil prices came under pressure. BP (BP.L) retreated 0.3 percent and Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) fell 1 percent.
Likewise British banks also lagged, and took around 13.5 points off the index, the biggest sectoral drag. Barclays (BARC.L) fell 1.6 percent and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) was down 0.9 percent, in line with a broader decline among continental lenders.
Resources-linked stocks and banks have been the biggest beneficiaries of the reflation trade which has driven global markets as investors bet on increased infrastructure spending and tax cuts, which gathered pace after Trump was elected U.S. President in November.
Among individual fallers, ITV (ITV.L) dropped 2.6 percent and gave back a large part of the gains it made on Friday on the back of M&A speculation.
Late on Friday, ITV jumped following a regulatory ownership filing that fuelled speculation of renewed Liberty Global (LBTYA.O) interest in the company.
ITV's shares pulled back on Monday after Liberum analysts said that it had spoken with the company and ITV had said that the move was not Liberty increasing their stake in ITV.
Retailer Next (NXT.L) was another sizeable faller, down 3.6 percent after Exane BNP Paribas cut its rating on the stock to "underperform" from "neutral".
Luxury firm Burberry (BRBY.L), however, was a top riser, up 0.8 percent after it agreed to license its fragrances and cosmetics business to Coty (COTY.N) for $162 million, plus a $63 million payment for inventory.
"It's maybe one of those signature deals which could raise expectations of a new way of doing business, a new extra source of revenue beyond the traditional model," Jasper Lawler, senior market analyst at London Capital Group, said.
Outside of the blue chips, Imagination Technologies (IMG.L) plunged more than 61 percent, its biggest one-day loss on record after its biggest customer Apple APPL.O said that it would stop using the British firm's graphics technology in the iPhone and other products in up to two years' time.
"It's the worst nightmare for Imagination. Apple accounts for about half its revenues – you simply cannot easily replace a customer of that scale in a hurry, hence the gigantic selloff in the stock," Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital, said.
(Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Stephen Powell and Pritha Sarkar)
ATHENS May 3 Greece sold 1.138 billion euros ($1.24 billion) of six-month T-bills to refinance a maturing issue, the country's debt agency PDMA said on Wednesday.
The debt agency sold six-month paper at a yield of 2.97 percent, unchanged from a previous sale in April. The amount raised included 262.5 million euros in non-competitive bids.
The sale's bid-to-cover ratio was 1.30, unchanged from the previous auction.
In a rollover T-bill holders renew their positions instead of getting paid on the maturing paper they hold. The settlement date of the new bills is May 5. ($1 = 0.9159 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The United States on Friday banned the export of weapons and defense services to South Sudan, stepping up pressure against President Salva Kiir to end the country's four-year conflict.
“The Department of State today announces that it is implementing restrictions on the export of defense articles and defense services into South Sudan,” State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said in a statement.
While the United States government does not conduct arms sales to South Sudan, the move prevents any American company or citizen from sending military equipment or services to the country's warring factions.
The unilateral embargo is another signal by Washington that it is losing patience with Kiir after ceasefires have been repeatedly violated. (Reporting by Lesley Wroughton Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 13 Koninklijke Philips NV:
* Receives clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market Philips Intellisite pathology solution for primary diagnostic use in the U.S. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Freeport, China Moly agree to end talks on cobalt assets
TORONTO, June 14 Freeport-McMoRan Inc, the world's biggest publicly traded copper miner, and China Molybdenum Co Ltd (CMOC) have agreed to terminate discussions on CMOC's acquisition of Freeport's cobalt assets, Freeport said on Wednesday.
BERLIN Bayern Munich will need to put the disappointment of losing midweek in the Champions League behind them to keep on course for the Bundesliga crown as German football reels from Tuesday's attack on Borussia Dortmund's team bus.
Bavaria, on the cusp of a fifth successive title, are away to Bayer Leverkusen on Saturday as they seek to maintain a 10-point lead at the top of the standings and move closer to securing the championship well before the close of the campaign.
But both Bayern and Dortmund were beaten at home in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday, just a day after three explosions went off as the Dortmund bus made its way to their match against AS Monaco.
There is little doubt that the attack had an impact on the German performances and there is likely to be a somber, if defiant, atmosphere at grounds around the country at the weekend.
“Of course the events in Dortmund and the consequences of the attack were shocking for the clubs of the Bundesliga. We have great confidence in the work of security agencies in football matches and in the activities of the investigative authorities,” German football league chief executive officer Christian Seifert said.
Bayern, seeking a seventh victory from their last eight league games, are effectively three wins away from taking the title but it could come earlier if they keep winning and second placed RB Leipzig stumble.
But Bayern's immediate focus is likely on next Tuesday's return leg at Real Madrid where they will hope to pull off an unlikely comeback from the 2-1 defeat in Munich.
Injured leading scorer Robert Lewandowski and international defender Mats Hummels will sit out again at the weekend in a bid to be ready for the second leg, coach Carlo Ancelotti said.
"We have six days, I think they can recover by then," they said.
Leipzig will make sure of securing a first Champions League berth if they beat Freiburg on Saturday, although their opponents also have aspirations of a place in European club competition next season, having moved up to sixth on the back of victories in their last two matches.
Hoffenheim are third, one point above Dortmund, and also looking to consolidate Champions League participation by beating Borussia Moenchengladbach on Saturday.
Dortmund's ability to bounce back from the shock of the bus attack and the subsequent 3-2 loss to Monaco will be closely watched as they host Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday.
One piece of positive news, according to German media, is the likelihood that coach Thomas Tuchel, who has been linked to a bevy of clubs elsewhere in Europe, is expected to sign a contract extension in the next days.
(Writing by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Alison Williams)
(Corrects president's name to Edgar in third paragraph)
* Political tensions high in Africa's No. 2 copper producer
* Lawyer says blocked from seeing detained opposition leader
* Police deny they are barring such access
By Chris Mfula
LUSAKA, April 13 Zambian police on Thursday denied the main opposition party's claims that its detained leader Hakainde Hichilema had been denied access to their lawyers and family but their lawyer insisted this was the case.
Hichilema was arrested on Tuesday and charged with treason for allegedly obstructing Lungu's motorcade, raising the political temperature further.
Relations between government and opposition in Africa's No. 2 copper producing country have been tense since August, when President Edgar Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) party beat Hichilema's United Party for National Development (UPND) in a vote the opposition says was rigged.
The two men are old rivals and Lungu has beaten Hichilema narrowly in two presidential elections, including last year's by a razor-thin margin.
"We have not blocked lawyers and Mr Hichilema's members of the family from visiting them because that is their constitutional right," police spokesperson Esther Mwaata-Katongo said, responding to a claim by the UPND.
Hichilema's lawyer Jack Mwiimbu said they had seen their client on Wednesday but had since been prevented from visiting him.
"There are instructions for them not to be seen by anybody without authority from police headquarters. We have therefore started processing court papers. We want the court to compel the police to allow us to see our client," Mwiimbu told Reuters.
Mwiimbu also said Hichilema had complained on Wednesday of feeling unwell after police fired tear gas into their house when they were arrested.
On Saturday, Lungu passed through Mongu, 500 km (300 miles) west of the capital Lusaka, and their motorcade was obstructed because Hichilema refused to give way, police said. Zambia's economy has been depressed for years by low commodity prices, mine closures, rising unemployment, power shortages and soaring food prices that Hichilema blames on mismanagement by Lungu. (Writing by Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia and Tom Heneghan)
Juan Requesens, deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties (MUD), speaks during a session of the National Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Julio Borges, President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties (MUD), speaks during a session of the National Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Women try to protect themselves from tear gas as security forces clash with demonstrators during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Deputies of the National Assembly vote during a session in Caracas, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Women try to protect themselves from tear gas as security forces clash with demonstrators during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators clash with riot police during a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in San Cristobal, Venezuela, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Eduardo Ramirez
Demonstrators carrying a rudimentary mortar, clash with riot police during a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in San Cristobal, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Eduardo Ramirez
A demonstrator throws a tear gas canister back at the police during a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in San Cristobal, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Eduardo Ramirez
Deputies of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties (MUD) shout slogans during a session of the National Assembly in Caracas, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators scuffle with security forces during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators collect stones as they clash with riot police during a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government in San Cristobal, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Eduardo Ramirez
Policemen are seen amidst tear gas during clashes with demonstrators at an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A general view of Venezuela's National Assembly shows empty chairs of deputies of Venezuela's United Socialist Party (PSUV) during a session in Caracas, Venezuela April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS Venezuela's opposition lawmakers, some carrying injuries from this week's protests, on Wednesday sought the dismissal of Supreme Court judges whom they accuse of propping up a socialist dictatorship.
Newly militant opposition leaders also announced another round of demonstrations against President Nicolas Maduro for Thursday, despite chaos and violence in Caracas on Tuesday that left 20 injured and 18 arrested.
The opposition, which won control of the National Assembly in late 2015, accuses Maduro of wrecking the South American nation's economy and squashing democracy.
Maduro says their foes are seeking a coup with the help of Washington and compliant foreign media.
The opposition's main demand now is to bring forward the next presidential election scheduled for the end of 2018.
But there is no sign authorities will concede, analysts and diplomats say, unless foreign pressure ramps up considerably or Venezuela's powerful military sways the equation.
The political drama is playing out against the backdrop of a deep economic crisis, with Venezuelans suffering a fourth year of recession, widespread shortages of basic foods and medicines, the world's worst inflation, and long lines at supermarkets.
Having been impeded from reaching the National Assembly on Tuesday, lawmakers headed to the building in downtown Caracas from dawn on Wednesday, some still nursing head wounds or bandaged arms from clashes in recent days.
"We are going to keep fighting for change, opposing repression and dictatorship," lawmaker Juan Requesens, who had a gash on their head, said at 6:30 a.m. while en route to the session.
Often at the forefront of provocative demonstrations, Requesens received more than 50 stitches after being hit by a stone when pro-government supporters confronted protesters at the public ombudsman's office earlier this week.
ARRESTS AND INJURIES
The Caracas-based Penal Forum rights group said 18 people were still behind bars on Wednesday after detentions around the country, but mostly in Caracas. At least 20 people were injured on Tuesday, its head, Alfredo Romero, told Reuters.
There was particular outcry over a musician caught and slapped by police with riot shields while apparently on their way to practise, according to a video of the incident. State ombudsman Tarek Saab called for a probe into the "brutal aggression."
The head of the hemispheric Organization of American States and global rights group Amnesty International both condemned Venezuela for excessive repression.
But Interior Minister Nestor Reverol denied that, calling instead for one opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, to be prosecuted for blocking streets, including impeding an ambulance.
"The exemplary behaviour, capacity and training of our citizens' security organs prevented the unpredictable consequences of these terrorist groups," Reverol added.
The oil-producing nation's political standoff took a new twist last week when the Supreme Court ruled that it was taking over the legislature's functions.
That touched off an international outcry, and the tribunal quickly scrubbed the offending clauses.
But dozens of previous rulings overturning National Assembly measures have left it powerless anyway, and opposition leaders say recent events have shown the world Maduro's autocratic face.
Lawmakers passed one motion on Wednesday denouncing the "rupture" of Venezuela's constitution and another asking for the removal of Supreme Court judges.
But that would be merely symbolic since congress requires the support of other institutions, which are behind Maduro, to dismiss the judges.
"Stop being ridiculous; you're carrying out a parliamentary 'coup,'" said Socialist Party lawmaker Hector Rodriguez, accusing opposition leaders of caring less about Venezuelans' problems than their own competing presidential ambitions.
(Additional reporting by Andreina Aponte; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Alistair Bell and Lisa Von Ahn)
* Dollar steady after recovering from four-month low
* European stocks poised for a positive start
* Investors more confident Trump can build support for growth plan
* Oil prices recover after Monday's drop but limited by glut fears
By Nichola Saminather
SINGAPORE, March 28 Asian stocks advanced on Tuesday after Wall Street stabilized and the dollar was steady, as anxiety over Donald Trump's setback on healthcare reform gave way to tentative hopes for the U.S. president's planned stimulus policies.
European markets were also set for a stronger start, with financial spreadbetters expecting Britain's FTSE 100 and France's CAC 40 both to open 0.3 percent higher and Germany's DAX to start the day up 0.4 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.5 percent.
Japan's Nikkei closed up 1.1 percent, its biggest one-day gain in more than two weeks, while Australian stocks ended the day 1.3 percent higher, their strongest performance since Nov. 23.
South Korean stocks climbed 0.4 percent after data showed the domestic economy grew at a slightly faster pace than initially thought in the fourth quarter of 2016, supported by strong construction activity.
Hong Kong's main Hang Seng added 0.5 percent.
China's market was one of the region's underperformers amid concerns about tightening liquidity conditions after the central bank refrained from injecting short-terms funds into the banking system for the third session in a row.
The CSI 300 index was about 0.2 percent lower and the Shanghai Composite was down 0.4 percent
Overnight, the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed lower but narrowed their losses from earlier in the session, when both hit near-six-week lows. The Nasdaq ended higher.
Stock markets, which went on a tear after Trump's November election win, got an added lift from the Federal Reserve's less-hawkish-than-expected stance in mid-March. But doubts about Trump's ability to keep their promises of fiscal stimulus, including tax reform, halted the rally.
Trump's failure late last week to garner enough support for a plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama's signature health care bill, even with a Congress controlled by the leader's Republican party, further dented sentiment.
While that blow stoked concerns about the president's ability to enact stimulus policies, these began to recede overnight as investors looked with renewed, albeit tentative, optimism to the U.S. government's next policy steps.
"Markets appear reluctant to take the Trump disappointment too much further at this stage," Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets in Sydney, wrote.
"With U.S. economic growth showing signs of improvement and the (Fed) clearly embarked on a monetary tightening cycle, the significant correction that has already occurred in bonds and the U.S. dollar may already reflect an adequate wind-back of the market's Trump exuberance."
Tim Condon, economist at ING Financial Markets, said in the Reuters Global Market Forum chatroom that they "would not anticipate any more Democrat support for Republicans' tax reform than for ObamaCare reform."
But "the good news for investors is that the global economy is picking up," Condon said. "I view the current selling as a buying opportunity."
The U.S. 10-year bond yield, which hit a one-month low on Monday, rose to 2.3836 percent on Tuesday.
The dollar was little changed at 110.63 yen after recovering from its lowest level since November on Monday.
The dollar index inched up to 99.226 after slumping to a 4-1/2-month low on Monday.
The euro was steady at $1.0861 on Tuesday, after touching its highest point since November on Monday.
Sterling was flat at $1.2554, with Prime Minister Theresa May due to formally notify the European Union of Britain's intention to leave the club on Wednesday. It hit a seven-week high on Monday.
In commodities, the return of risk appetite and the dollar's relative weakness helped lift oil from a level close to the 3-1/2-month low seen last week, but gains were capped by lingering concerns about whether OPEC-led output cuts can offset surging U.S. production.
U.S. crude gained 0.5 percent to $47.98 a barrel, after dropping as much as 1.9 percent on Monday.
Global benchmark crude rose 0.5 percent to $50.99.
Gold was flat at $1,253.83 an ounce on Tuesday, after pulling back from the one-month-high touched on Monday. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Additional reporting by Billy Chan; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Richard Borsuk)
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
A painted Union Flag, popularly known as the Union Jack, the national flag of the United Kingdom is seen on the rocks on the English side of the River Wye, Chepstow, Wales, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Divorce can be messy even, when both sides start out wanting an amicable settlement. Brexit may well work the same way now that Prime Minister Theresa May has triggered the process for Britain to leave the European Union. For now, investors are more hopeful than they were six months ago that the UK can quit the bloc without ravaging its economy, a Breakingviews index based on asset prices shows (tmsnrt.rs/2nEUUgf).
The Breakingviews index incorporates currency, bond, stock, and credit default swap prices. It falls when investors think a growth-damaging “hard Brexit” is more likely, and rises when they expect a more benign outcome. When the former occurs, sterling typically weakens and the domestically-focused FTSE 250 Index of mid-cap companies tends to underperform the FTSE 100 Index of blue-chips, which has a more international bias. Investors also tend to push up the cost of insuring against a British debt default relative to Germany, and compress the gap between two- and 10-year UK government bond yields.
As a result, the Breakingviews index fell sharply in the months after the June 2016 referendum in which Britons voted to leave the EU. It has since clawed back some ground, not least because growth has proved far more resilient than most investors and policymakers expected.
Yet the chances are that the gauge will fall in the months ahead. May wants to clamp down on immigration from other EU countries but so far been able to avoid tricky questions on what sort of trade restrictions others will want to impose as a result. The economic price that Britain may pay will become increasingly clear now that negotiations can finally start.
And even before any trade barriers are erected, growth could slow. Rising inflation is eroding the spending power of households. Meanwhile jobs and business investment may be more vulnerable if the negotiations start looking rancorous. Investors may be underestimating how closely political divorces can match real ones when it comes to bitterness and damage.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
May 3 StarHub Ltd :
* Qtrly revenue S$592.3 million versus S$590.9 million a year ago
* Qtrly net profit S$73.1 million versus S$92.8 million a year ago
* Based on current outlook, we maintain guidance on our group's 2017 service revenue to be at about 2016's level
* Intend to maintain a quarterly cash dividend of 4 cents per ordinary share for fy2017
* In 2017, capex payment, excluding spectrum payment of S$349.6 million, is expected to be at about 13% of total revenue
* Sees 2017 group ebitda margin to be between 26% to 28% of service revenue Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SAIC Motor Corp's logos are pictured at its booth during the Auto China 2016 auto show in Beijing, China April 26, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING China's largest automaker SAIC Motor Corp Ltd (600104.SS) posted a 7.4 percent jump in 2016 profits, slightly lower than it had expected, and cautioned sales growth will slow this year as the country rolls back a tax cut on small-engine cars.
The Shanghai-based manufacturer, which makes cars in joint ventures with General Motors Co (GM.N) and Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) in addition to own-brand vehicles, said its net profit totaled 32.0 billion yuan ($4.6 billion) last year.
This was below SAIC's preliminary prediction for a 7.5 percent rise in 2016 profit.
SAIC's revenue rose 12.8 percent to 756 billion yuan.
Demand for cars in China, the world's biggest auto market, got a shot in the arm in 2016 as people rushed to buy ahead of a planned expiry at year-end of lower taxes. The tax cut - on vehicles with engines of 1.6 liters or below - mainly helped the mass market, smaller car segment where Volkswagen excels.
But sales are expected to come under pressure this year following an increase in the purchase tax on small-engine vehicles to 7.5 percent as of Jan. 1, from 5 percent in 2016. The tax will return to its normal level of 10 percent in 2018.
SAIC said the rush to buy cars before the hike in taxes could mean lower sales in 2017.
"After the blowout in (2016) auto market sales, it will be difficult to avoid an 'overdraft'," SAIC said in an exchange filing. "Market growth is facing greater challenges."
SAIC on Wednesday said its vehicle sales rose 3 percent in the first three months of 2017. For the full year, the automaker aims to sell 6.7 million vehicles, up only about 3.8 percent from 2016, when sales saw a 10 percent growth.
China's overall vehicle sales growth is expected to slow to 5 percent in 2017 from 13.7 percent last year, according to China's automakers association.
Amid a more challenging domestic market, SAIC plans to continue pursuing new markets outside and said it had formally agreed to buy an Indian factory from General Motors (GM.N).
GM had previously said it was moving forward with talks to sell its Halol plant in India's western state of Gujarat to SAIC.
SAIC did not provide any further details in its filing.
"We continue to progress towards the sale of the Halol plant, as we consolidate manufacturing at our Talegaon plant," GM told Reuters in an emailed statement, referring to a second India plant.
(Reporting by Jake Spring Additional reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Clarence Fernandez)
Contact
Jack Ross
Florida-Israel Business Accelerator
***@absolutemobilesolutions.com Jack RossFlorida-Israel Business Accelerator
End
-- FJack Ross, Executive DirectorFlorida-Israel Business Accelerator (FIBA)jack@fiba.ioOffice: 813-291-2303Cell: 813-431-3062Venue: Bryan Glazer Family JCC522 N. Howard Ave.Tampa, Fl. 33616www.innovationfusion.eventbrite.comThe upcoming Florida-Israel Business Accelerator (FIBA) event, "Innovation Fusion," will present a brief review of each of the eight FIBA tech companies from Israel together with a panel discussion of leaders from among the Tampa Bay innovation ecosystem, as well as a keynote address by Jeff Vinik. The program also marks the culmination of FIBA's first cohort of companies from Israel that have completed the FIBA business development program, as well as represents another milestone in the evolution of the Tampa Bay innovation ecosystem.FIBA is a highly specialized soft-landing program that provides entrepreneurs from Israel (regardless of religion or ethnicity) the necessary support to successfully launch their ventures in the United States.Established by the Tampa Jewish Community Centers & Federation in 2016, FIBA is a unique and innovative business development and community engagement initiative, supported by a grant from the State of Florida's Department of Economic Opportunity and the generous support of several community philanthropists. FIBA acts as a conduit for Israeli high-tech ventures to open a US subsidiary in the Tampa Bay area that is responsible for sales, marketing, tech and customer support throughout North America.In just one short year, FIBA has enrolled eight dynamic companies in its first cohort that are actively engaged with Florida companies and entrepreneur support organizations in an array of activities including meetings with subject-matter experts and curated mentors; introductions to service providers in the legal, banking, marketing and accounting arenas; networking events with the Tampa Bay business, innovation, and Jewish and non-Jewish communities;pitch presentations by the companies at United States Special Operations Command; special seminars on how to conduct business in the U.S.; and face-to-face meetings with potential customers and corporate strategic partners.The FIBA portfolio of eight companies include:BlazePod is an interactive technology that is comprised of modular devices and an app that allows the user to exercise in a revolutionary way. Using visual cues and prompts to challenge the user, it enhances workouts through different training modules. The device gives feedback about personal challenges, goals and communicates progress down to milliseconds.www.blazepod.coeProc Solutions is a company that provides solutions for organizations to consolidate and improve aspects of User Environment Management through its platform. It's tools, Virtual Technician, Performance Management, and Licenses Management, can reduce IT problems for organizations and reduce cost by nearly 40%. www.eprocsolutions.comSafe-T Data is the provider of solutions designed to mitigate attacks on business- critical services and data for a wide range of industries, including: financial, healthcare, government, etc. Safe-T's High-risk Data Security (HDS) Solution mitigates data threats: un-authorized access to data, services, networks, or APIs; as well as data related threats, including data exfiltration, leakage, malware, ransomware, and fraud. www.safe-t.comIn a world where being "in-the-know"means being secure, Sky Sapience offers innovative industrial tethered drones that enable 360º surveillance 24/7. The drone is fully autonomous (doesn't require a pilot), can be tethered to a vehicle or boat, has unlimited airborne time, and can carry up to 18kg of payload weight. www.skysapience.comStemRad is personal protective equipment (PPE) technology company that has created a wearable vest to protect people from harmful gamma radiation. Based on extensive scientific research, this shield is structured to protect the most prone areas to radiation using an ergonomical structure for optimal comfort and mobility. The target users are emergency/first responders, nuclear workers, and military/defense personnel. The StemRad shield will be tested by NASA on its next mission, Exploration Mission-1 (EM1) to measure radiation exposure in space. www.stemrad.comTevatronic is an agriculture technology company. The Tevatronic system is fully capable of deciding when and how much to irrigate, and it executes the irrigation decision with- out human intervention. By removing the element of human error, Tevatronic irrigation prevents under watering and over watering, which has drastically reduced water and fertilizer consumption while increasing yields. www.tevatronic.netTomobox is an information technology company that uses artificial intelligence (AI) analytics to help businesses monitor and understand online chat in real-time. This enables businesses to reach out to their customers using bot-driven conversations to keep them engaged and potentially upsell their products or services. www.tomobox.co"Turning Drinks into Data," WeissBeerger is the leading Internet of Things & Big Data solution for breweries, soft drink manufacturers and bars. They have developed a technology-based solution that is a unique mixture of hardware, software and data analysis to meet the needs of beverage manufacturers and their customers (bars, restaurants and other outlets). www.weissbeerger.comMeet the founders of these companies at the Innovation Fusion event on June 22.Register at www.innovationfusion.eventbrite.comThe Tampa JCCs and Federation is very grateful for the support of the State of Florida Department of Economic Opportunity (DEO).To learn more, visit our website at www.fiba.io.
May 3 Flotek Industries Inc
* Flotek Industries Inc says Q1 revenue from continuing operations was $80.0 million, up 13.2% sequentially, and up 25.3% year-over-year
* Flotek Industries - on GAAP basis, co reported loss per share for three months ended March 31, 2017 of $0.01 from continuing operations
* Flotek Industries Inc - expected capital expenditures for 2017 in the range of $10 million - $14 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.02, revenue view $79.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Flotek Industries - ongoing strategic alternatives remain substantial progress is being made towards divestiture of production technologies segment, which remains for sale Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WELLINGTON, April 28 One test All Black James Broadhurst has admitted defeat in their long battle with the symptoms of concussion and announced their retirement at the age of 29 on Friday.
The lock earned their single cap against South Africa in Johannesburg in July 2015 but has not been able to play any rugby since they were concussed playing for their provincial side Taranaki the following month.
"I've been away from the game for a little over 18 months and still experience symptoms which affect my daily life," they said in a news release.
"Some extensive efforts have gone into getting me back to sport by medical professionals in and out of rugby.
"Even though it hasn't resulted in the outcome I had hoped for, I owe each and every one of them a huge debt, as my health has improved massively and this will undoubtedly give me quality of life in the future."
Broadhurst played 71 matches for the Wellington Hurricanes in Super Rugby, 20 for the Canterbury province and 55 for Taranaki.
They were a nominee for the New Zealand Super Rugby Player of the Year award in 2015 after playing an integral role in getting the Hurricanes to the final.
"James is a good man who played some exceptional rugby for the Hurricanes, particularly in 2015," said Hurricanes coach Chris Boyd.
"The timing of their injury was unfortunate because they were starting to really realise their full potential.
"It can't have been easy for them to be told to walk away from the game and everyone at the club wishes them all the best for whatever lies ahead."
Concussion has been identified as a serious problem in many contact sports, with long-term consequences for athletes.
In the United States, concussion has been the subject of a billion dollar legal action by thousands of former NFL players against the league. (Reporting by Nick Mulvenney in Sydney, editing by Peter Rutherford)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The summer is fast approaching at Goodison Park and the transfer wheels are starting to turn.
At least they are in the world of transfer rumours.
Ronald Koeman will be looking to take Everton a step further.
The big spend
Everton have taken the first step on their way to a potential £150m summer revolution.
The Blues have agreed a record deal for Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford that could eventually see them pay £30m — and make them the most expensive English goalkeeper in history.
That move, with Everton agreeing to a fee of £20m with the rest in potential add-ons, will be done when the rising star returns from England Under-21 duty at the European Championship starting this week in Poland.
And Pickford's capture is expected to be swiftly followed by a £25m deal for Ajax skipper Davy Klaassen with sources at the Dutch club suggesting the midfielder's move could be announced by the weekend.
Full story
Klaassen
Everton are closing in on a £20million deal for Ajax skipper Davy Klaassen.
Boss Ronald Koeman had made the Netherlands international midfielder a priority signing, and the Toffees hope to have them signed in the next few days.
The club is currently in advanced talks with their Dutch counterparts.
Koeman, who made a scouting trip to watch the 24-year-old in the flesh, said: “It is difficult for a lot of technical and skilful players because the demands in England are so big.
"But Davy Klaassen has made very big steps.”
The arrival of the box-to-box midfielder will help fill the void left by Ross Barkley who is set to leave the club this summer.
LJUBLJANA, March 30 Slovenia plans to invest about 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) on a new railway line between its sole port, Luka Koper, and the city of Divaca, which will connect with the line that runs to the capital Ljubljana.
The government expects to cover about a quarter of the cost with European Union funds, while about 350 million euros will be raised via new debt, Infrastructure Minister Peter Gaspersic told a news conference on Thursday.
Slovenia hopes some of the investment will also be covered by countries that use the port for imports and exports. These include Hungary, Austria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland.
So far, only Hungary had said it is ready to invest in the project, the government said, without giving details.
"The project will benefit not only the Slovenian economy, but also economies of other countries (Austria, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia) which are connected to the port of Koper and account for 70 percent of its cargo traffic," the government said in a statement.
It added the project would reduce the length of travel by about 17 kilometers and the time of travel by about half an hour, while also enabling trains to run faster. About 75 percent of the 27-kilometre track will run underground.
It will be one of the biggest state investments in the coming years. It is not yet clear when it could be completed.
The International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday public and private investments were likely to boost Slovenia's GDP this year and the next, forecasting the economy would expand by 3 percent in 2017 and 2.3 percent in 2018.
($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Reporting by Marja Novak; Editing by Mark Potter)
Available in a variety of styles, sizes and themes, we provide you halls with facilities which you cannot deny.
Banquet Hall
Contact
Rama Ceremonial
9899256759
***@gmail.com Rama Ceremonial9899256759
End
-- Rama Ceremonial is glad to announce the exciting new additions with the super stunning banquet hall. If you are thinking of having a holiday party with your wedding as well, just cannot decide where? You can simply contact us and we have beautiful banquet facility that will blow you away with its beauty. It's time to book your company holiday party or your wedding or a big anniversary bash as well.After much comparison of packages and recommendations for a great service, clients will surely decide to gather with friends and family for a sweet occasion. Occasion will never stop coming when you start to cherish and celebrate every one of them with closed ones. Get your Online Banquet Booking in Delhi & NCR appointment with our manager and we will tell you about the buffets, ballrooms, total number of tables and other facilities that will perfectly fit your requirements.On top of that the ballroom surrounding is really pretty as we can see the swimming pool as well as the greeneries outside. Don't you want a banquet hall for your wedding where you will see a beautiful swimming pool and guests could even have fun in the swimming pool area as well as the indoor foyer area for the cocktail party.Rama Ceremonial can arrange a trip down to have a look at the place and have a discussion with the senior catering manager. The availability of a good location, appropriate size, food and good servicing are the first priorities to look for in the banquet hall. It is quite tough to find and here we are to help you find solutions. We at, Rama Ceremonial will depend upon the budget you have allocated and accordingly serve you the facilities.Rama Ceremonial is looked upon as the most prestigious Online Banquet Booking in Delhi & NCR; we are obliged to arrange so many marriages every year successfully.Please Click here for more information:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BERLIN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund sacked coach Peter Bosz on Sunday following a terrible run of results and replaced them with Peter Stoeger, who was fired by Cologne a week ago.
Dortmund said that Stoeger, and assistant coaches Manfred Schmid and Joerg Heinrich, had signed contracts through to the end of June 2018.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Prices of germanium extended their rally in recent weeks, touching fresh multi-year peaks, after major refiner Teck Resources declared partial force majeure and amid persistent concerns about Chinese supply, traders in Europe and U.S. said.
Prices of germanium, which is used in the semiconductor industry, rose in mid-December to their highest since November 2015 due to declining supplies from the world's top supplier China and rising demand from industrial users.
Another form of the element, germanium dioxide GERM-DIOX-LON, was trading in Europe at $1,130 per kg, having nearly doubled since January 2017, when an oversupplied market pushed prices to 11-year lows.
Germanium dioxide, used in specialty glass for wide-angle camera lenses, has surged more than 22 percent in two weeks.
Teck Resources said on Thursday it had declared partial force majeure on sales of germanium from its refinery in Trail, British Columbia, due to equipment issues related to an operating disruption at one of the fuming furnaces this month.
Germanium dioxide supplies were hit particularly hard since Teck is a key supplier, listing on its website three types of germanium dioxide among the grades it supplies.
Teck, which says it is one of the world's largest integrated germanium producers, did not give a timeline for lifting the force majeure.
“I have been through two other cycles where new demand brought prices higher ... This is the first time lack of supply is causing higher prices,” a U.S. based trader said.
“End-users coming back to buy for the first quarter are hit with sticker-shock when they hear the new prices. But, in reality there is nothing on the market to buy,” the trader said.
Traders in the United States and Europe also attributed rising prices to an uptick in demand from manufacturers of military equipment and optic fibres.
Prices of germanium in Europe GERM-LON, standing at $1,550 per kg, have more than doubled since January 2017 and have gained 7 percent in the past two weeks.
Germanium metal is used as a semiconductor in transistors and other electronic devices, in optic fibre networks and in infrared night vision systems for military use.
A recent report from Jane‘s, released by IHS Markit, said global defence spending will grow for the fifth consecutive year in 2018, reaching $1.67 trillion and overtaking the previous post-Cold War record of $1.63 trillion seen in 2010.
China produced more than 70 percent of the 155,000 tonnes of total refined germanium production in 2016, U.S. Geological Survey data showed.
Germanium prices hit a record high $2,000 per kg in 2014, but prices crashed after China's Fanya Metal Exchange was closed in 2015. The offloading of Fanya's germanium stocks started the trend of lower prices, which started to reverse in January 2017. (Reporting Karen Rodrigues; Additional reporting by Eileen Soreng in Bengaluru; Editing by Eric Onstad and Edmund Blair)
FILE PHOTO - A U.S. F18 fighter jet lands on the deck of U.S. aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson during an annual joint military exercise called 'Foal Eagle' between South Korea and U.S., in the East Sea, South Korea, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - U.S. Navy personnel prepare to launch an F18 fighter jet on the deck of USS Carl Vinson during a routine exercise in South China Sea, March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Sailors man the rails of the USS Carl Vinson, a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, as it departs its home port in San Diego, California August 22, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
WASHINGTON A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving towards the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons programme.
Earlier this month North Korea tested a liquid-fuelled Scud missile which only travelled a fraction of its range.
The strike group, called Carl Vinson, includes an aircraft carrier and will make its way from Singapore towards the Korean peninsula, according to the official, who was not authorized to speak to the media and requested anonymity.
"We feel the increased presence is necessary," the official said, citing North Korea's worrisome behaviour.
The news was first reported by Reuters.
In a statement late Saturday, the U.S. Navy's Third Fleet said the strike group had been directed to sail north, but it did not specify the destination. The military vessels will operate in the Western Pacific rather than making previously planned port visits to Australia, it added.
This year North Korean officials, including leader Kim Jong-un, have repeatedly indicated an intercontinental ballistic missile test or something similar could be coming, possibly as soon as April 15, the 105th birthday of North Korea's founding president and celebrated annually as "the Day of the Sun."
Earlier this week U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in Florida, where Trump pressed their counterpart to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear programme.
Trump's national security aides have completed a review of U.S. options to try to curb North Korea's nuclear and missile programs. These include economic and military measures but lean more towards sanctions and increased pressure on Beijing to rein in its reclusive neighbour.
Although the option of pre-emptive military strikes on North Korea is not off the table, the review prioritises less-risky steps and de-emphasizes direct military action.
Trump spoke with South Korea's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn on Friday, the White House said on Saturday in a statement which did not mention the strike group.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Richard Chang)
FILE PHOTO: Pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) and 'Hayir' ('No') supporters attend a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Huseyin Aldemir/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A huge portrait of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan is seen above a banner that reads, 'This city is proud of raising a world leader' in Rize on the Black Sea coast, Turkey, April 5, 2017. Letters on the portrait read 'Rize is with you'. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
ISTANBUL Two Turkish opinion polls on Wednesday showed a narrow majority of Turks, between 51-52 percent, would vote "yes" in Sunday's referendum on changing the constitution to create an executive presidency.
Voters in Turkey go to the polls on April 16 to decide whether to give Erdoğan sweeping new powers. Voting for Turks living abroad finished on Sunday.
A survey by pollsters ANAR put the "yes" vote at 52 percent. Its poll was conducted face-to-face with more than 4,000 people on April 5-10 in 26 provinces. The number of undecided voters has fallen to 8 percent, it said, adding that led to a two percentage point boost for "yes" since the start of March.
Similarly, the Konsensus polling company put the "yes" vote at 51.2 percent after the distribution of undecided voters. It conducted its survey face-to-face with 2,000 people on April 2-8 in 41 provinces.
Erdoğan has spent much of their recent campaign attacking the head of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), which is spear-heading the "no" camp. They have accused its leader, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, of lying, language Kilicdaroglu has said is not fitting of a president.
On Tuesday, Erdoğan ridiculed the opposition leader for losing the last seven elections. "The people don't like you, they don't embrace you. The truth is plain," they said during a televised meeting with university students.
The referendum campaign has damaged Turkey's ties with some European allies. Erdoğan has described the banning on security grounds of some rallies by Turkish ministers in the Netherlands and Germany as "Nazi-like" tactics.
Germany has called the references unacceptable. But Erdoğan has continued undeterred, repeatedly accusing Germany of harbouring members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), an accusation Berlin has denied.
"Germany is currently sheltering terrorists. I say it openly. When I say they have resurrected Nazism they go crazy. Why do you go crazy? That's what you've done, that's why I say it," Erdoğan said at Tuesday night's event.
Erdoğan said this week that Turks living overseas had turned out strongly to vote, which pollsters say could benefit him.
(Reporting by Gulsen Solaker; Writing by Daren Butler and David Dolan; Editing by Dominic Evans)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
COPENHAGEN A Danish court on Friday stripped the citizenship of a 25-year former pizzeria owner who was convicted last year of fighting for Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
The lawyer for the Danish-Turkish man -- who during their trial denied fighting for IS but admitted working as a baker for the group in Syria -- told broadcaster TV2 their client would appeal Friday's ruling.
The court order comes at a time of growing concerns about increased radicalisation among Muslims in Europe in the wake of attacks in countries such as France, Germany and Britain.
Danish media identified the man Enes Ciftci, who was born and raised in Denmark.
Ciftci was originally sentenced to seven years in prison for allowing themselves to be recruited in 2013 by IS to commit attacks in Syria, but allowed to keep their passport. Prosecutors appealed that sentence, leading to Friday's hearing.
Last year, Denmark's Supreme Court stripped a Danish-Moroccan bookseller of their citizenship after they were jailed for inciting terrorism.
(Reporting by Stine Jacobsen and Julie Astrid Thomsen; editing by Richard Lough)
April 12 Conformis Inc:
* Conformis announces positive results from customized itotal ps total knee replacement comparative study
* Conformis Inc - "in its first year of release itotal ps has met our expectations in terms of surgeon adoption and patient outcomes"
* Conformis - study suggests iTotal PS has kinematic, functional benefits have been demonstrated with iTotal CR compared with traditional, off-shelf implants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT Growth in bank loans to euro zone households set a fresh post-crisis record in March, while lending to companies and the supply of money also rose more than expected, fresh data from the European Central Bank showed on Friday.
Lending to households in the 19-member currency bloc grew by 2.4 percent in March, up from 2.3 percent a month earlier, its best rate since 2009.
While this pace of growth was less than half pre-crisis standards, it still suggested that the ECB's cheap cash was slowly making its way to the household sector.
Corporate lending growth meanwhile grew by 2.3 percent in March, accelerating from 1.9 percent a month earlier and beating market expectations.
The annual growth rate of the M3 measure of money circulating in the euro zone, which has in the past often predicted economic activity, accelerated to 5.3 percent last month from 4.7 percent in February and higher than expectations for 4.7 percent in a Reuters poll.
(Reporting by Francesco Canepa and Balazs Koranyi)
BERLIN, April 13 German prosecutors have issued an arrest warrant against an 26-year-old Iraqi man who was detained in connection with an attack on a bus carrying players of a top soccer team, saying on Thursday they believe they were a member of Islamic State.
The Federal Prosecutor's Office added in a statement there was no evidence that the man, identified as Abdul Beset A. and who arrived in Germany via Turkey at the start of 2016, had taken part in carrying out the attack in the city of Dortmund.
The man will appear before a judge who will decide whether to approve the arrest warrant issued by prosecutors, which will allow the man to be held for longer than 24 hours.
"The investigations have so far resulted in no proof that the suspect had taken part in the attack," the federal prosecutor said in a statement.
It added that the man was a member of the "foreign terrorist organisation" Islamic State in Iraq where they led a commando unit of 10 members that was involved in kidnappings, smuggling, extortion and killings. (Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Chopra)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - A satellite antenna is seen on the roof of the Norwegian Airways Boening 737-800 at Berlin Schoenefeld Airport, Germany, April 2, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/File Photo
NEW YORK Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (NWC.OL) will launch nonstop transatlantic flights from two more U.S. airports this fall, the airline announced on Wednesday, ramping up pressure on larger carriers to compete with the emerging low-fare airline.
Beginning in mid-September, Norwegian will offer nonstop flights from Denver International and Seattle-Tacoma International airports to London's Gatwick Airport, bringing the carrier's total number of nonstop United States-to-London flights to nine routes.
An escalating fare war to court transatlantic passengers has pushed down ticket prices even among established carriers.
Air France (AIRF.PA) and International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (ICAG.L), which owns British Airways and Iberia, have both announced plans for low-cost flights to compete with budget upstarts like Norwegian. Lufthansa is expanding services to long-haul cost-conscious travelers through its Eurowings business.
Norwegian's U.S. network expansion comes after the carrier received a long-awaited U.S. approval in December for its Irish subsidiary, Norwegian Air International, to operate routes across the Atlantic.
U.S. airlines and unions representing industry workers have argued that the Norwegian subsidiary will undermine wages and working standards - claims Norwegian has dismissed.
"With our continuous U.S. expansion, we also bring even more tourists to the U.S. and support American jobs," Thomas Ramdahl, Norwegian's Chief Commercial Officer, said in a statement.
To keep costs low, Norwegian typically flies to and from smaller airports with lower fees.
Norwegian spokesperson Anders Lindstrom said that while the carrier was expanding the international travel market to passengers who otherwise could not afford pricey transatlantic flights, it was also siphoning away customers who were "fed up" with high-priced tickets at other airlines.
Prices for the new Denver and Washington state routes begin at $199 for a one-way no-frills ticket, but passengers can spring for a seat in the premium cabin, which includes checked baggage, seat reservation and other perks, starting at $839.
No nonstop flights appear between Denver International and Gatwick on Google Flights, but ticket prices for indirect flights start at just over $500 for a one-way, mid-September ticket.
Norwegian Air's expansion strategy has helped it to more than double revenue since 2012. Last year revenue rose 16 percent to 26 billion Norwegian crowns ($3.12 billion) and the company has placed orders for 260 aircraft from Boeing and Airbus, which it will receive over several years.
Norwegian said it planned to continue to grow its U.S. route network, calling Paris "a natural next step" for Denver and Seattle.
(Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Andrew Hay)
New Delhi, July 04, 2018 – On Saturday, June 30, 2018 the Better India Education Awards, 2018 were held at The Park, New Delhi amidst the elites of the education sector. The Better India Education Awards, 2018 were organized by India's leading research and ratings agency, TRR Network Private Limited to recognize, celebrate and encourage excellence in education and learning. The endeavor was to recognize and reward excellence, innovative initiatives and exemplary work in the Education Sector in a spectacular style.
This year, these prestigious awards were presented to 40 winners at 5 different levels. The exacting and daunting feat of zeroing-in on the winners was achieved by Today Research and Ratings Network, with the support from its associates and partners, after an elaborate and meticulous selection process which included inviting nominations from potential nominees, substantial research and surveys, collation of feedback and opinions, screening based on judging parameters and subsequently choosing the winners through an independent jury panel.
The significant parameters which were considered for selecting the winners included Qualification & Professional Experience, Infrastructure & Facilities, Market Presence & Competition, Growth & Profitability, Quality & Operational Excellence, Financial & Business Acumen, Innovation & Novelty in Services, Ingenuity and Imagination, Sustainability & Environmental Awareness, Job & Impact Potential, Client/Customer & Industry Feedback, Use of Technology & Trends, Efforts for Risk & Setback Mitigation, Previous Awards & Achievements etc.
The event was graced by an elite panel of guests and dignitaries that included names like Shri Harish Rawat – Former Chief Minister, Uttarakhand, Shri Chetan Sharma – Former Cricketer, Indian Cricket Team, Ms. Priyanka Chaturvedi – Politician & National Spokesperson, Indian National Congress, and Shri Vasant Kumar – Advisor, Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises, Government of India.
These awards are conferred upon to recognize and felicitate the achievements and the work done by institutions and individuals in improving the quality of education, and thereby continuously working towards making of a better India.
A comprehensive list of winners of the Better India Education Awards, 2018:
Pratibha Public School – Best CBSE School in Chhattisgarh
Sanjay Ghodawat Polytechnic – Best Upcoming Polytechnic College in Maharashtra
Bal Bharati Public School, Pitampura – Best CBSE School in Delhi & NCR
Gandhi Memorial College, Srinagar – Best Degree College in Srinagar
Venus Public School – Best CBSE School in Gwalior
Shram Sadhana Bombay Trusts' College of Engineering and Technology – Best Multi-Disciplinary Engineering College in Maharashtra
BLM Institute of Technology & Management Science – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Rajasthan
Shri Ram Institute of Technology – Best Engineering College in Madhya Pradesh
Prof. (Dr.) Ajay Kumar – Best Educationist of the Year, 2018
Trinity Institute of Professional Studies (TIPS) – Best Professional Degree College in Delhi & NCR
New Era College of Science and Technology – Best Diploma Engineering College in Ghaziabad
Mehr Chand Polytechnic College – Best Polytechnic College in Punjab
Bhargava College of Engineering & Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Jammu & Kashmir
Chanderprabhu Jain College of Higher Studies & School of Law – Best Institute in Delhi & NCR for Management and Legal Studies
Budge Budge Institute of Technology – Best Upcoming Engineering College in Kolkata
Meenakshi World School – Best International School in Gurgaon
MIT-ADT University, Pune – Best Private University of the Year
Swami Sant Dass Public School – Best CBSE School in Jalandhar
Nav Chetna College of Teacher's Education – Most Promising B.Ed. College in Dehradun
Vashistt Public School – Best Emerging CBSE School in Himachal Pradesh
Fortune Institute of International Business – Best Business School in North India
ISBM University – Best Emerging Private University in India
Flair Mania Bartending Academy – Best Bartending Institute in India
Butler Polytechnic – Best Polytechnic College in Gujarat
D.C. Model Senior Secondary School – Best Senior Secondary School in Punjab
Amar Shaheed Kanchan Singh Autonomous P.G. College, Fatehpur – Best Degree College in Uttar Pradesh
Dr. B.C. Roy Engineering College – Best Emerging Engineering College in India
Tirupati Group of Institutions, Ratia – Best Professional Group of Institutions in Haryana
Long View Public School – Best CBSE School in Nainital
Bunyad The Play School – Best Play School in Rewari
Vardhman Mahavir Public School – Best State Board School in Mandi
SHEDS College of Hospitality Management – Best Emerging Hotel Management College in Himachal Pradesh
Lakshmi Narain College of Pharmacy – Best Pharmacy College in Madhya Pradesh
VIBGYOR High, Vadodara – Best CBSE School in Gujarat
BFIT Group of Institutions, Dehradun – Best Life Sciences, Allied Sciences, Applied Sciences, Agricultural Sciences & Medical Sciences College in India
Harmon Educational Books – Most Innovative Publication House in Primary Education
Indo Kids International – Best Pre-School in Kolkata
The event concluded with a vote of thanks to all the present dignitaries, group photographs and press interviews of all the awardees and a sumptuous lunch where all the guests interacted with each other and shared good times and memories together.
About the Company:
TRR Network Private Limited is a top-rated, modern and full-service research and ratings agency specializing in both qualitative and quantitative research across a wide range of sectors. Today Research and Ratings (TRR) Network was established with one goal in mind – to consistently and significantly challenge the industry practices– and by doing so create the highest standard of excellence by which others should be judged. Our mission is to serve our clients by providing the highest quality professional services that addresses their business needs and growth strategies. We aspire for being a global leader by delivering world-class services, upholding the highest standards of client's satisfaction and ethical standards.
Contact Person: Mr. Ambuj/ Mr. Rajeev
Telephone: +91-120- 4107771
Mobile: +91-8448096740, +91-8448096745
Email: info@todayresearchandratings.com,
todayresearchnetwork@gmail.com
Website: http://todayresearchandratings.com/
April 13 Chongqing Yukaifa Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 15.4 million yuan to 16.8 million yuan in Q1 FY 2017 versus net loss at 4.8 million yuan year ago
* Says increased revenue and decreased financial cost as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1a4LN4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ABUJA, April 12 Nigeria's central bank will soon resume selling large volumes of dollars on the spot market and make the U.S. currency available to foreign investors at an undisclosed rate so that they can repatriate dividends, it said.
Oil-producing Nigeria has been gripped by a shortage of dollars since crude prices plunged, triggering a currency crisis that left foreign companies struggling to purchase hard currency and battered investor confidence.
It lifted a temporary currency peg last year, but in order to protect its precariously low foreign reserves it has introduced a convoluted exchange rate system that sees different buyers paying various rates for dollars.
The policy has masked pressures on the naira and stunted hard currency inflows as investors struggle to price naira assets, according to analysts.
"The (central bank) will soon ... begin spot forex auction (and) open a special window for investors to trade freely ... dividends and investment remittances," the bank said in a statement dated on Tuesday.
Africa's biggest economy has at least five exchange rates: the official rate, the black market, a rate for Muslim pilgrims going to Saudi Arabia, a retail rate set by licensed exchange bureaus and a rate for foreign travel, school and medical fees.
The naira closed trading on Wednesday at 306.10 on the spot market, supported by central bank dollar sales, and 410 on the black market.
The bank has been using the forward market to meet demand for dollars, making only tiny volumes available on the spot market and using those sales to influence the naira's official value.
Customers needing dollars immediately have had to pile into the black market, resulting in a sharp weakening of the naira's unofficial value.
On Monday, the central bank said it planned to sell shorter-dated dollar forwards to inject liquidity into the official market and support the naira, selling $100 million on Tuesday on such contracts and offering the same amount on Wednesday.
The bank also said on Monday it would sell up to $20,000 per quarter to small firms. It did not disclose a rate of exchange for the sale.
Analysts estimate the bank has sold close to $4.1 billion in forward sales in roughly a month.
In its Tuesday statement, the bank said now-rising oil prices had increased its foreign reserves to $30 billion from $24 billion a year ago. (Writing by Chijioke Ohuocha; Editing by Alexis Akwagyiram and Richard Lough)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
A pint and a half of beer “never made anyone drunk” the Dáil heard this evening during a debate on new road traffic laws.
Kerry TD Danny Healy Rae was responding to a proposal in the new bill to reduce the minimum alcohol limits permitted for drivers, saying it would “destroy rural Ireland”.
The bill is being brought forward by Transport Minister Shane Ross who was the subject of stinging criticism from a host of rural TDs.
During the debate on the Road Traffic Bill, Mr Ross came under fire from a host of rural TDs but Mr Healy Rae and their brother Michael spoke of the potential damage on rural Kerry.
“Why are you trying to criminalise hardworking people who just want to be left alone”, Danny Healy Rae asked of Mr Ross.
“Everything that is being done is hurting rural Ireland, how have Fine Gael let you do it,” they added.
At the start of the debate, those opposed to the bill were called to their feet to declare their position and among those who rose was Mr Ross' own Independent Alliance colleague and Government deputy whip Sean Canney and former Independent Alliance member Michael Fitzmaurice.
Mr Canney is toying with leaving the alliance after they failed to win back the junior ministry they shared with OPW minister Kevin Boxer Moran.
As Deputy Whip, they are entitled to a additional stipend of €15,000 on top of their Dáil salary and this would be lost should be decided to leave the alliance.
Meanwhile, the Chief Whip Minister Joe McHugh, updated Cabinet on the Government legislation programme. They said a total of 63 Bills have been enacted since this Government was formed.
Ministers were told that seven Bills have been published this term, and the Public Service Superannuation (Amendment) Act 2018, which was not on the Priority List, has been published and enacted.
Six Bills are ready or close to publication, they said.
They are the Defence Forces (Forensic Evidence) Bill, the Insurance (Amendment) Bill, the Children's Health Bill, the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering & Terrorist Financing) (Amendment) Bill, the Data-Sharing and Governance Bill – Dept of Public Expenditure & Reform and the Public Service Superannuation (Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill.
Share it:
Don't Miss
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks between Vice President Mike Pence (L) and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt prior to signing an executive order on ''energy independence,'' eliminating Obama-era climate change regulations, during an event at the Environmental Protection... REUTERS/Carlos Barria
BEIJING/OSLO Nations led by China and the European Union rallied around a global plan to slow climate change on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump began undoing Obama-era plans for deep cuts in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
Trump's order on Tuesday, keeping a campaign promise to bolster the U.S. coal industry, strikes at the heart of an international Paris Agreement in 2015 to curb world temperatures that hit record highs in 2016 for the third year in a row.
Many nations reacted to Trump's plan with dismay and defiance, saying a vast investment shift from fossil fuels to clean energy such as wind and solar power is underway with benefits ranging from less air pollution to more jobs.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang, whose government cooperated closely with former U.S. President Barack Obama's administration on climate change, said all countries should "move with the times".
"No matter how other countries' policies on climate change, as a responsible large developing country China's resolve, aims and policy moves in dealing with climate change will not change," they said.
European Climate Commissioner Miguel Arias Canete said the EU saw the Paris agreement as a "growth engine" for creating jobs and new investment opportunities.
"Donald Trump's attempt to turn the U.S. into a Jurassic Park run by dinosaur energy will eventually fail," said Hans Joachim Schellnhuber, Director of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research.
CLEAN POWER
Trump's main target is Obama's Clean Power Plan, which required states to slash carbon emissions from power plants and was key to the U.S. pledge under Paris to cut emissions by between 26 and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025.
Trump did not say whether they would pull out of the Paris Agreement, agreed by almost 200 nations and which seeks a shift from fossil fuels this century as the cornerstone of efforts to limit heat waves, floods, droughts and rising sea levels.
The fear is that less action by the United States, the number two greenhouse gas emitter behind China, will cause other nations to roll back their own goals. The pact has been ratified so far by 141 nations ranging from Pacific island states to OPEC oil producers.
The Paris Agreement lets each country set domestic targets for restricting greenhouse gases and foresees no sanctions for non-compliance. Trump has sometimes called global warming a hoax but has also said they have an open mind about Paris.
Still, Trump's rowback is likely to undercut a core principle of the Paris Agreement that all national plans, due to be submitted every five years this century, have to be ever stronger and reflect the "highest possible ambition".
A formal withdrawal from the Paris Agreement could trigger far wider criticisms, perhaps calls for import taxes on U.S. goods.
Laurent Fabius, the former French foreign minister who was an architect of the Paris agreement, denounced Trump's moves as "a very serious step backwards".
German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks warned Washington it could lose out. "A shift into "reverse (gear) now will only hurt themselves in terms of international competitiveness," they told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung daily.
In many sectors, a shift from coal is underway.
A report by the U.S. Department of Energy in January said 43 percent of the workforce in electric power generation, or about 374,000 workers, were employed in the solar sector. Fossil fuels accounted for just 22 percent of jobs in the sector.
In Paris, governments promised to limit a rise in average surface temperatures to "well below" two degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times, ideally 1.5.
U.S. greenhouse gas emissions fell 11 percent from 2005-15. Bill Hare, head of the Climate Analytics think-tank, said they may remain at current levels by 2030 with Trump's policies.
Trump's policies could in turn nudge up the global rise in temperatures by about 0.1 degree Celsius (1.8 Fahrenheit) from a projected 2.8 degrees (5.0F) by 2100, based on existing government pledges for action, they said.
(Reporting By Alister Doyle, Stine Jacobsen in Copenhagen, Tom Miles in Geneva, Madeline Chambers in Berlin, Ben Blanchard and David Stanway in Beijing, Nina Chestney and Susanne Twidale in London, Alissa de Carbonnel and Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels, Sudip Kar-Gupta in Paris; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Israeli police are scuffling with activists protesting the planned demolition of a Bedouin hamlet in the West Bank.
Police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld says two people were arrested for throwing stones at officers in Khan al-Ahmar on Wednesday. Police could be seen dragging a handcuffed woman and pushing a Bedouin man. A construction vehicle flattened earth near the site.
The village is set to be demolished on an unknown date. Israel agreed to resettle the 180 or so residents in an area 12 kilometers (seven miles) away.
Israel says the structures were illegally built and pose a threat to residents because of their proximity to a highway.
Advertisement
Critics say it is nearly impossible to get building permits, and that the residents are being removed to clear the way for Jewish settlements.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
A 3D printed people's models are seen in front of a displayed Airbnb logo in this illustration taken, June 8, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
SHANGHAI Home-sharing company Airbnb on Wednesday denied a report in the China Daily newspaper that it was in talks with Chinese home-sharing platform Xiaozhu to work together in markets such as Japan and South Korea.
The newspaper reported that Xiaozhu's chief executive Chen Chi said in an interview published on Wednesday that a partnership with Airbnb was also likely to cover China but talks were in early stages.
Airbnb spokesperson Nick Papas told Reuters in an email, "This story is false and no discussions are taking place."
Airbnb, valued at $30 billion in a round of fundraising in 2016, said in March that it would triple its China staff and have a Chinese name, Aibiying.
China Daily quoted Chen as saying, "Different from the car-hailing sector, where Chinese player Didi Chuxing competed fiercely against its U.S. rival Uber Technologies Inc, we are more willing to cooperate with each other to grow the industry."
Xiaozhu, which is often described as the U.S. company's Chinese clone, has about 150,000 listings and raised $65 million in its latest fundraising drive in November, the China Daily said.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Richard Pullin and Jonathan Weber)
São Paulo, April 5 Brazil's largest city São Paulo aims to kick off a 7 billion reais ($2.26 billion) programme of privatizations and concessions this year with the sale of tourism and events company São Paulo Turismo SA , Mayor Joao Doria said.
Doria, a multimillionaire business person who took office in January, told Reuters they also plan to auction the public cemetery service and ticketing for public transport as part of the package of 55 projects.
"Where the state is not important, is not essential, we are going to privatize or do concessions or Public-Private Partnerships," Doria said in an interview late on Tuesday. "We forecast around 7 billion reais as a reasonable base for the return on these programmes."
Doria, a member of the business-friendly Brazilian Social Democrat Party, won October's municipal elections, defeating the incumbent mayor from the left-leaning Workers Party, which is opposed to their privatizations plan.
Doria said they would create a Municipal Development Fund with the money raised from the sales to invest in health, education, housing and other services.
Details of the privatization and concessions could be submitted this month to the municipal council, where Doria holds a majority.
Doria said Middle Eastern investors were interested and that attracting Chinese investment was also a "top priority".
The municipal secretary in charge of the programme, Wilson Poit, said they expected the sale of the Interlagos Formula One track and a concession to operate the city's largest park, Ibirapuera, to draw strong interest.
Entry to city parks will remain free, while private operators will be able to charge for parking and will be allowed to open new restaurants. Poit said funeral services would remain free for the most disadvantaged.
They said the listed São Paulo Turismo (SPTuris), which is 97-percent controlled by the municipality, could be sold this year.
SPTuris controls the Anhembi complex including convention and exhibition centres and the city's sambadrome, where annual Carnival celebrations are held.
The auction to run the public transport ticketing system - which had 15 million users last year - could occur in the first quarter of 2018, Poit said.
They said the plastic card could be adapted for use as a credit card or a records base for consumers, as long as privacy laws were respected. In addition to the sale price for the concession, the winning company could be charged a commission on value-added services they bring to the card.
($1 = 3.0923 reais) (Reporting by Daniel Flynn and Eduardo Simoes; editing by Grant McCool)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Contact
Christy McHan
ACF Technologies, Inc
***@acftechnologies.com Christy McHanACF Technologies, Inc
End
-- ACF Technologies (https://www.acftechnologies.com/)announced today that it has extended its long-standing partnership with Q-nomy Inc. and its commitment to developing the Q-Flow platform. In addition to providing organizations with a single platform for customer experience management, the partnership will also allow the company to invest more in its current Q-Flow product integrations and accelerate the growth of ACF's customer experience solutions."Since the inception of our partnership, ACF has played an influential role in developing the Q-Flow Platform,' said Jan Opalka, co-founder and CEO at ACF. "We listen to our customer's needs and pass that information back to the Q-nomy development team. They've used our input to evolve a series of products into a robust customer experience platform."ACF will continue to leverage the Q-Flow Platform across its global customer base, providing Q-nomy with valuable insight into customer needs, security requirements and industry standards. As the customer-facing party, the company aims to:• Capture the evolving needs of customers from diverse markets• Contribute to building an open system capable of integrating with 3rd party and business systems• Ensure the adherence to local industry standards and security policies."ACF Technologies is Q-nomy's oldest business partner. For nearly a decade and a half their teams in North, Central and South America have been working with us, helping us improve our products and successfully deploying our solutions to a wide range of organizations,"said Eran Reuveni, Executive VP at Q-nomy. "I am confident that ACF would continue to expand and collaborate with us to deliver Q-Flow solutions to many more customers."ACF Technologies helps organizations improve customer experiences using queue management, appointment scheduling, wayfinding and machine learning technologies. By integrating these technologies into existing business systems, organizations can access real-time insights into customer journeys, and use this information to improve customer experiences. Based in Asheville, NC, ACF Technologies customer experience solutions can be found at www.acftechnologies.com.Q-nomy is a leading software vendor providing solutions that optimize true omnichannel digital and physical business processes and customer journeys. Q-nomy helps global household name customers to perform better by streamlining the customer journey in physical and online points of sale, service and care. Q-nomy has offices in North America and the UK, and has over 1200 installations in five continents in retail, healthcare, telco, finance, education and government organizations.
Following is a list of release dates for the quarterly earnings of some top Malaysia-listed companies. All dates are confirmed except those marked by a "TBD", which means it will be released around those dates. To submit a date, email: liz.lee@thomsonreuters.com TBD: To be determined Company RIC PERIOD DATE AirAsia Bhd Q1 May 24-29 AMMB Holdings Bhd Q4 May 25-29 Astro Malaysia Holdings Bhd Q1 May 29 Axiata Group Bhd Q1 May 26 British American Tobacco Q1 Apr 20 (Malaysia) Bhd MISC Bhd Q1 May 4 CIMB Group Holdings Bhd Q1 May 24-29 DiGi.com Bhd Q1 Apr 28 Felda Global Ventures Q1 May 22-26 Holdings Bhd Genting Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Genting Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Hong Leong Bank Bhd Q3 May 22-26 Hong Leong Financial Group Q3 May 22-26 Bhd IHH Healthcare Bhd Q1 May 24-29 IOI Corporation Bhd Q3 May 19 Kuala Lumpur Kepong Bhd Q1 May 15-19 Malayan Banking Bhd Q1 May 25 Maxis Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 Petroliam Nasional Bhd Q1 TBD Petronas Chemicals Group Bhd Q1 May 15 PPB Group Bhd Q1 May 29 Petronas Dagangan Bhd Q1 May 9-15 Petronas Gas Bhd Q1 May 15-17 Public Bank Bhd Q1 Apr 19-24 RHB Bank Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Sime Darby Bhd Q1 May 22-26 Tenaga Nasional Bhd Q2 Apr 27 Telekom Malaysia Bhd Q1 May 22-26 IOI Properties Group Bhd Q3 TBD UMW Holdings Bhd Q1 May 22-26 SapuraKencana Petroleum Bhd Q3 TBD YTL Corporation Bhd Q3 May 24-29 AirAsia X Bhd Q1 May 24-29
May 3 Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd
* Wesdome announces first quarter 2017 financial results and commencement of Kiena Exploration ramp
* Q1 revenue C$20.1 million versus C$13.3 million
* Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd - qtrly basic income per share $ 0.01
* Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd qtrly gold production of 15,162 ounces versus 8,036 ounces in Q1 2016
* Qtrly basic income per share adjusted $0.01
* 2017 production guidance remains at 52,000 - 58,000 ounces
* Qtrly AISC per ounce on production basis of $1,474 or US$1,113, a decrease of 39% over Q1 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds more comments)
LAUSANNE, Switzerland, March 28 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
The following are highlights:
DAVID MACLENNAN, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, CARGILL:
"Trade policies coupled with foreign aid and sound development policy is critical. Today's global proliferation of a me-first trade posture threatens to destabilise decades of progress in negotiating."
"We all have to make the case for free trade," they said, arguing that "we have to help political leaders speak to their base".
MacLennan has yet to be invited to meet U.S. President Donald Trump but would engage in debate with the U.S. administration over trade and immigration. "I don't want to sit in the bunker for 4 years," they said.
Cargill sees the United States as a clear beneficiary of global trade, and in agriculture one-third of farmland is planted for exports, while the NAFTA agreements has helped Canada become the No. 1 market for U.S. agricultural exports and Mexico the No. 3. "Countries can source their agricultural products elsewhere if they're not getting them from the United States," they said.
Training would be important to adapt to the uneven benefits of trade, while "inclusive and responsible" immigration policy would also be vital, they said. Cargill has 1,000 unfilled positions at meat plants in the United States.
RUSSELL HARDY, EMEA CEO, VITOL
"This year we're expecting around 1.4 million barrels per day of product demand growth - that's very similar to last year, in line with GDP growth which is pretty positive everywhere. Overall that's a very good story and that's going to allow, will allow markets to begin (the) stocks draw that everyone is forecasting."
"Border tax is complicated. It's tricky to assess impact on oil price. If it were to be implemented, it would create a lot of arbitrage on imports in the first period of time and a price increase in the U.S. I don't think it's a great idea as U.S. consumers will have to foot the bill."
"There's a feeling that stocks aren't really drawing as they were expected, so (there's a) need to extend (production cuts) a bit further to eat into 300 million barrel cushions ... At $50 per barrel there's a lot of incentive to continue policy, at $60 per barrel, no. It'll depend on how fundamentals exert themselves in the second quarter."
Brent oil futures were at $51.17 a barrel at 1035 GMT.
MARCO DUNAND, CEO, MERCURIA
"I think a lot of eyes are looking at Russia at the moment ... Russian compliance hasn't been 100 percent. I think a lot of the onus is on Russia to show that they are serious about this. If Russia comes to follow non-OPEC then we'll see a floor of $60 per barrel."
"Clearly, we saw a reaction to higher prices following the last OPEC meeting and a pickup in (U.S shale) production no doubt. But at the same time, because the cycle for shale is very short, what it does is it prevents companies to invest a large amount of money into bigger projects that have a longer cycle."
"While the shale producer responds very quickly to higher price, most of them are hedged therefore they have pushed the back end of the curve down. In the same way, this is going to prevent bigger projects coming around the world and I think we are going to have a supply shock probably in next two to four years."
TORBJORN TORNQVIST, CEO, GUNVOR GROUP
"Our company has concluded transactions with Iran, it's very complicated ... Very strict regulations on what you can do - has to be absolutely without any touching of U.S. dollar."
Tornqvist added it was easier to sell to Iran, which Gunvor does in euros, but harder to buy. They do not see any improvement in the short term.
"There is an under-estimation of how much electric cars can penetrate mainstream driving. Not everywhere, but in places like Europe where you use cars for short driving ... Like Holland. Costs are coming down."
WILLIAM REED, CEO, CASTLETON COMMODITIES
"We don't have plans to add big acquisition to that ... We'll bring in a strategic partner at some point to help us grow the asset," they said, referring to the acquisition of Anadarko's East Texas gas producing assets. (Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz; Editing by Louise Heavens and Mark Potter)
LONDON, March 28 Motoring group AA posted a full-year core profit of 403 million pounds ($505.5 million) on Tuesday, steady from the previous year and in line with expectations, supported by growth in new business.
AA, which offers roadside recovery and motor insurance services, saw a 14 percent growth in new business volume for the year ending Jan 31, 2017, it said in a trading statement.
Trading earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation was up 0.2 percent from a year earlier and in line with 403 million pounds forecast on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The group's trading revenue rose 1.6 percent to 940 million pounds, below 953 million forecasts.
Operating profit fell 4.4 percent, however, to 284 million pounds.
The firm said it had seen a positive start to the 2018 financial year.
AA said it would pay a final dividend of 9.3 pence per share, up 3.3 percent from a year earlier.
($1 = 0.7972 pounds) (Reporting by Carolyn Cohn, editing by Dasha Afanasieva)
MILAN An Italian administrative court has halted work to remove olive trees standing in the path of a strategic pipeline that will bring central Asian gas into Europe, in a move that could further delay the project, a document showed.
In a ruling on Thursday seen by Reuters the court accepted a request by the regional government of Italy's southern Apulia region to suspend permits allowing developers to remove the trees.
The Trans Adriatic Pipeline (TAP), the end piece of the $40 billion Southern Gas Corridor, is slated to bring 10 billion cubic meters of gas from Azerbaijan into the small Italian seaside town of San Foca in Apulia by 2020.
But opposition from the local town council and the regional authority has caused delays and raised some concerns about it being re-routed.
Last week a top Italian court gave the green light to building the pipeline.
(Reporting by Giancarlo Navach, writing by Stephen Jewkes)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
MOUNT BETHEL, Pa. (AP) — A musician whose songs helped teach children on ABC's "Schoolhouse Rock" has died.
Their son, Chris, says 94-year-old Bob Dorough died of natural causes Monday at their home in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania.
According to their biography, the jazz musician "set the multiplication tables to music" as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985. It was revived from 1993 to 1999.
They also wrote the song "Devil May Care," which jazz great Miles Davis recorded as an instrumental version.
Advertisement
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas. They headed to New York City after graduating from the University of North Texas in 1949. They eventually settled in Pennsylvania.
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel.
ROME, April 20 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A U.N. agency said on Thursday it would pull staff out of some conflict areas and resort to costly helicopter aid deliveries due to heightened safety risks in famine-affected South Sudan.
Serge Tissot, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) representative in South Sudan, said the agency was forced to act after the killing of three aid workers last week.
Violence against aid workers is increasingly common in oil-rich South Sudan, which is suffering the world's first famine for six years.
Since the civil war began, 82 have been killed.
The conflict in the world's youngest nation erupted when the president fired their deputy in 2013, sparking a confrontation between two of the country's largest ethnic groups.
Since then, the conflict has broadened and fragmented, drawing in a number of smaller ethnic groups and dividing some of the larger ones.
"The number of persons being killed since the beginning of the year is too high. We cannot continue like that," Tissot told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by telephone.
Last week, three men working as porters for the U.N.'s World Food Programme were killed in Wau city, bringing the toll of aid workers killed this year to 15, Tissot said.
As a consequence, FAO has temporarily pulled out 40 percent of its staff from Wau, they said, but would not reveal numbers.
AID BY AIR
FAO was also considering switching most of its aid deliveries to helicopters in parts of the eastern regions of Unity, Upper Nile and Jonglei so as to keep staff safe, they said.
"We will operate in some locations only by air," said Tissot, noting this was increasingly becoming agency strategy.
"The main problem is that it is very expensive. It's something like ten times more expensive than (delivery) by road," Tissot added.
Without a presence on the ground, it would also be difficult to help farmers and fishermen, and control potential outbreaks of livestock disease with vaccination programmes, they added.
More than 100,000 South Sudanese are already experiencing famine, with a further a million on the brink of starvation, according to the United Nations.
In recent weeks, fighting has engulfed towns in the southern Equatoria region, where fleeing civilians say government troops have embarked on killing sprees, slitting civilians' throats.
Farmers were missing the planting season due to all the violence, they said, in a development that could push the food crisis into 2018.
Tissot also raised concerns that the road linking the capital, Juba, to Uganda, South Sudan's main supply line of food, could be blocked by fighting.
"If the road is closed, we will be in a massive problem." (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Lyndsay Griffiths. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump voiced caution on Wednesday on their relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying they would wait and see about future ties with Moscow.
But Trump, at a White House news conference, said that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's meetings in Moscow this week, which included a meeting with Putin, went better than expected.
(Reporting by Steve Holland and Warren Strobel.; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON, April 20 It would not be a bad idea for the European Central Bank and other central banks to follow the U.S. Federal Reserve's example and change course away from an ultra-accommodative monetary policy, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said.
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, Schaeuble said on Thursday that ultra-loose monetary policies could raise the risks of new financial crises taking hold rather than reducing the risks.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Joseph Nasr)
The Credit Suisse logo is seen at their offices at Canary Wharf financial district in London,Britain, March 3, 2016. REUTERS/Reinhard Krause
AMSTERDAM/ZURICH Swiss bank Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) has been dragged into yet more tax evasion and money laundering investigations, after a tip-off to Dutch prosecutors about tens of thousands of suspect accounts triggered raids in five countries.
Coordinated raids began on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia, the Dutch office for financial crimes prosecution (FIOD) said on Friday, with two arrests confirmed so far.
The Dutch are "investigating dozens of people who are suspected of tax fraud and money laundering", the prosecutors said, adding that suspects had deposited money in a Swiss bank without disclosing that to authorities.
British tax authorities said they had opened a criminal investigation into suspected tax evasion and money laundering by "a global financial institution" and would be focusing initially on "senior employees", along with an unspecified number of customers.
Prosecutors in the German city of Cologne said they were also working with the Dutch. "We have launched an investigation against clients of a bank," a spokesperson said.
None of the authorities disclosed the name of the bank involved. However, Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-biggest bank, said local authorities had visited its offices in Amsterdam, London and Paris "concerning client tax matters" and it was cooperating.
It said later it had launched an internal probe. "The investigation will be executed by compliance, it will not be executed by the business," Iqbal Khan, who is responsible for Credit Suisse's private banking operations outside Switzerland and Asia Pacific, told Reuters.
"If any individuals are implicated or have violated against these processes or procedures or policies that are in place then we will identify that very quickly."
The Dutch FIOD seized administrative records as well as the contents of bank accounts, real estate, jewelry, a luxury car, expensive paintings and a gold bar from houses in four Dutch towns and cities. The FIOD tweeted a photo of some of the seized assets. [tinyurl.com/llkjhrz]
The people arrested, one in The Hague and one in the town of Hoofddorp, were not identified.
The actions angered Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General, which said it was "disconcerted" by the way Dutch authorities had handled the matter and would demand an explanation.
Dutch prosecutors responded that Swiss authorities had been left out of the investigation because none of the suspects were Swiss -- they were just linked to secret Swiss bank accounts.
"If the Swiss authorities wish to receive information on the investigation, we, the other countries involved and Eurojust, are always willing to discuss (that) with them," the FIOD said in a statement.
Eurojust, the European Union agency that coordinates cross-border prosecutions, said the investigation had begun in 2016, and representatives from the countries involved -- Switzerland not among them -- had held three preparatory meetings to share information before Thursday's raids.
Prosecutors "analyzed a huge amount of data," Eurojust said, looking for "individuals and groups suspected of tax fraud and money laundering."
The investigation uncovered "undeclared assets hidden within offshore accounts and policies...(worth) millions of euros."
Credit Suisse shares fell 1.2 percent, underperforming the wider European banking sector index .SX7P which rose 0.1 percent on Friday.
OLD WOUNDS
For Zurich-based Credit Suisse, the case reopens the thorny issue of tax evasion which has dogged Swiss banks for years as wealthy individuals around the world have used the country's strict bank secrecy laws to hide cash from the taxman.
Credit Suisse has paid more than 2 billion Swiss francs ($2 billion) since 2011 in the United States, Germany and Italy to settle allegations it helped clients dodge taxes. It has pushed clients in Europe, Latin America and Asia to participate in government programs facilitating the declaration of untaxed assets.
The bank said in December this process had been completed for Europe.
Switzerland is also among the countries that have signed up to a global initiative led by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. Under the OECD's Automatic Exchange of Information, banks pass on information to local tax agencies, which then share it with foreign counterparts.
Switzerland began collecting data at the start of the year and will exchange information from 2018.
The Dutch FIOD said the coordinated raids were prompted by a tip-off about 55,000 suspect accounts, and it had passed information to the other countries about the accounts.
Spokeswoman Wietske Vissers said the investigation would "continue for days and weeks" across the various countries. The Netherlands is investing 3,800 Dutch leads. French authorities said they had 25 agents working on the case.
Credit Suisse's Khan said the 55,000 was "not a number that I can reconcile because as of today, in International Wealth Management in Europe, the total number of accounts is lower than 55,000".
Australia's minister for revenue and financial services, Kelly O'Dwyer, said the country's financial crime investigator was looking at 340 Australians linked to Swiss bank accounts, which they said were only identified by number.
"The fact that these accounts are unnamed," O'Dwyer said, "means that by their very nature they are likely to have been established to hide the identity of the owner."
(Additional reporting by Swati Pandey, Michael Holden and Oliver Hirt; Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Andrew Roche)
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
A burglar got a lot more than they bargained for when their intended victim produced a gun – and held them hostage live on Facebook until police arrived.
Caesar Ray heard a car alarm activate in the middle of the night and a neighbour said they'd seen a man acting suspiciously nearby in Baton Rouge, Louisiana on December 7 (NZ time).
Ray, who has law enforcement training and previously worked for the Department of Corrections, found the prowler and promptly handcuffed them and laid them facedown on the porch at gunpoint.
"You just tried to break into the wrong damn house," Ray is heard saying in the Facebook Live video they broadcast till police arrived.
Advertisement
"You stay where your located right there. Don't move. Who are you here with? Who are you here with?"
The suspect was arrested and faces two charges of auto burglary and attempted burglary of an inhabited dwelling.
Ray said they had trouble understanding why their house was targeted when all the lights were on and three cars were in the driveway.
And despite broadcasting a 7-minute video of the incident on Facebook, they urged others to not attempt to confront a suspected burglar.
"Be vigilant," Ray said.
"Continue to be observant, especially when you are coming home. Before you just pull in your driveway, look around and don't just jump out of your vehicle."
DUBAI (Reuters) - Yemen's Houthi group has buried the body of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Sanaa, allowing only a handful of relatives to attend, sources from their General People's Congress (GPC) party said on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO Supporters of Yemen's former President Ali Abdullah Saleh stand under a huge poster of Saleh as they rally in their support in Sanaa, Yemen November 7, 2014. REUTERS/Khaled Abdullah/File Photo
Saleh, 75, was killed by the Iran-aligned Houthis on Monday, after they had called for a “new page” in ties with a Saudi-led coalition that their supporters together with the Houthis had fought for nearly three years.
A GPC source, who has asked not to be identified, said the Houthis allowed less than 10 people from Saleh's relatives to attend the night-time burial in the capital Sanaa, but gave no details on the exact location.
GPC Secretary-General Aref al-Zouka, who was killed with Saleh, was buried on Saturday in their native al-Saeed district of Shabwa province in southern Yemen after the Houthis handed over their body to tribal leaders, media and GPC officials said.
Relatives said on Thursday that Saleh's family had refused conditions demanded by the Houthis for handing over the body. Some said they wanted to bury the body in the courtyard of a mosque they had built near the presidential compound in southern Sanaa.
Saleh ruled Yemen for 33 years before being forced to step down in 2012 in a Gulf-brokered transition plan following months of Arab Spring protests demanding democracy.
They remained in politics as the head of the GPC, Yemen's largest political party, and in 2015 they joined forces with the Iran-aligned Houthis after they captured the capital Sanaa in a move that precipitated Saudi-led military intervention on the side of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
BERLIN Low-cost carrier Norwegian Air Shuttle announced its first route linking London and Asia on Thursday, starting a service to Singapore as it seeks a slice of the market for business and leisure travellers on longer haul flights.
Norwegian has been expanding rapidly on routes from Europe to the United States over the last year, prompting other carriers to launch their own budget operations or introduce lower-priced fares that strip out items such as baggage.
The latest move sees Norwegian steal a march on budget carrier Air Asia X on low-cost travel between Asia and London. Malaysia-based Air Asia X has been considering restarting a route to London after axing it in 2012.
"Our transatlantic flights have shown the huge demand for affordable long-haul travel, so we are delighted to expand into new markets and offer our first route to Asia from the UK," Norwegian Chief Executive Bjorn Kjos said in a statement.
Norwegian's flights between the financial centres of London and Singapore will start at the end of September and use the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft. They will fly from London's Gatwick airport.
Non-stop flights on the London-Singapore route are currently operated by British Airways and Singapore Airlines.
Norwegian's flights will be operated by its UK subsidiary, which allows the company to take advantage of traffic rights between Britain and countries in Asia, Africa and South America.
Economy fares will start from 179 pounds ($229) one way, while seats in its premium cabin, which include meals, baggage and more legroom, will start from 699 pounds, it said.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Keith Weir)
LONDON Manchester City's owners have added to their global portfolio of football clubs by acquiring the Uruguayan side Atletico Torque, City Football Group (CFG) said on Wednesday.
"The investment in CA Torque enables our organisation to build on existing connectivity in Uruguay and helps to expand the options for identifying and developing local and South American talent," a statement on City's website said.
City Football Group (CFG) have also entered into a collaboration agreement with Atletico Venezuela of the Primera Division of Venezuela.
CFG already own MLS club New York City and Melbourne City in Australia's A League. They also have a stake in Japan's Yokohama F Marinos in the J League.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Toby Davis)
May 1 Australian shares are expected to ease on Monday, trailing weakness in Wall Street the previous session on weak economic data. The local share price index futures fell 0.14 percent, or 8 points, to 5905, a 19.1-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark rose 1.2 percent last week. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.3 percent, or 22.17 points, to 7,356.58 at 2211 GMT. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Apr 5, 2017; Augusta, GA, USA; Dustin Johnson hits a tee shot on the 13th hole during a practice round at Augusta National Golf Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
AUGUSTA, Georgia World number one Dustin Johnson's participation in the U.S. Masters this week is in doubt after they injured their back in a freak accident, their manager David Winkle said on Wednesday.
Johnson, the U.S. Open champion, is favourite to win the Masters title after victories in their last three tournaments.
"At roughly 3:00 pm today, Dustin took a serious fall on a staircase in their Augusta rental home," Winkle said in a statement.
"He landed very hard on their lower back and is now resting, although quite uncomfortably. They have been advised to remain immobile and begin a regimen of anti-inflammatory medication and icing, with the hope of being able to play tomorrow. I will refrain from commenting further until I know more about Dustin's condition."
The Masters start in Augusta on Thursday with Johnson scheduled to play alongside fellow Americans Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker in the last group out.
No world number one has captured the Masters Green Jacket since Tiger Woods in 2002.
"It's a funny game. It doesn't matter how good you're playing, you can still not win," Johnson, who became world number one in February, said on Tuesday.
"I've got a lot of confidence in my game right now, especially with the way I've been playing the last few tournaments. But, you know, anything can happen."
Apart from top-10 finishes the last two years, Johnson has a modest record at the Masters.
Their dreams of winning last year were ruined by two double-bogeys in the final round. They tied for fourth, four shots behind winner Danny Willett.
It is not the first time Johnson's bid for a Green Jacket has been hit by injury.
The big-hitting American was forced out of the 2012 Master after injuring their back while lifting a jet ski.
(Editing by Steve Keating)
UPDATE 5-Four killed including gunman in San Francisco UPS facility shooting
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A man dressed in a UPS uniform and armed with an "assault pistol" opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package sorting hub in San Francisco, killing three people before turning the gun on himself, police said.
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During their time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. They have worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. They now live in New Zealand, where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
MILAN, April 28 Saipem has teamed up with Italy's state railways to bid for work on a Russian high-speed train project as the Italian oil engineering and contracting firm seeks new business to offset an ongoing slump in the energy industry.
Oil service groups like Saipem have been hit by a sharp fall in oil prices since mid-2014 that has led energy majors to cut billions of dollars in costs and delay investments.
Oil and gas exploration and development firms spent just 400 billion euros ($436 billion) on projects last year compared to 700 billion euros in 2014, according to Saipem CEO Stefano Cao.
"We've signed a memo of understanding with Ferrovie dello Stato (Italy railways) to make a joint bid for a part of the Moscow-Kazan project," Cao told shareholders at a meeting on Friday.
The Moscow–Kazan project, first proposed in 2009, is a 770-km (480-mile) high-speed rail link between the two Russian cities.
If the bid with Ferrovie was successful, the work could be worth a total of about $3 billion, Cao said.
To offset the slump in the oil and gas sector, Saipem has said it plans to grow business lines in areas like engineering, renewable energy and energy platform dismantling.
But Cao said no talks with the Russians were underway yet about the rail project and they did not expect the work to be booked in the company's backlog in the short term.
Italy's state railways, which has plans to list on the Milan market, is looking to expand its business abroad.
It has operations in Germany and Greece and is looking to bid in tenders in the Britain.
($1 = 0.9177 euros) (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes; Editing by Edmund Blair)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
May 3 U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention:
* U.S. CDC says multistate outbreak of listeriosis linked to soft raw milk cheese made by Vulto Creamery appears to be over
* U.S. CDC says there were 2 deaths related to multistate outbreak of listeriosis linked to soft raw milk cheese made by Vulto Creamery
* Since last update on March 9, 2 more people have gotten sick in connection with listeriosis outbreak, bringing total number of cases to 8
* U.S. CDC says there were 8 hospitalizations related to multistate outbreak of listeriosis linked to soft raw milk cheese made by Vulto Creamery Source text (bit.ly/2n4of4h)
ZURICH A former Swiss fund manager found guilty last year of cheating 2,000 investors out of around 800 million Swiss francs ($803 million) was ordered to reimburse one group of victims 207 million francs by a court on Thursday.
Nearly 1,200 investors were demanding around 420 million francs in compensation from Dieter Behring, who was dubbed by media as Switzerland's Bernie Madoff, after the American swindler.
Switzerland's Federal Criminal Court made the award. A court spokesperson did not specify how many investors would be compensated, but the Aargauer Zeitung reported that 816 investors were awarded compensation while 373 more were told to pursue civil court claims.
It remains unclear how much money the investors will actually see because their claims exceed what authorities seized from Behring.
Behring was sentenced to 5-1/2 years in jail in September, more than a decade after their investment empire collapsed. They were accused of fraud and money laundering.
Behring, who has denied wrongdoing, is appealing against their conviction and the compensation order.
Behring and several partners ran a trading system from Basel, Switzerland, that they said produced "above-average results" for investors before it collapsed in 2004.
They were arrested that year, initiating what became one of the Swiss attorney general's longest-running investigations.
Prosecutors accused Behring of raking in hundreds of millions of francs by promising rich returns to investors via an automated trading system.
"We regret the large losses of those damaged ... but we also have lost everything that we had built up in the previous decades," Behring had written on a website they created to outline their arguments and share hundreds of related documents.
They have said other people took the money after being consumed by what they called a "insatiable greed".
($1 = 0.9963 Swiss francs)
(Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Toby Davis)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON The U.S. Commerce Department said on Tuesday that it increased anti-dumping duties on oil and gas drilling pipes from South Korea, applying new legal tools that allow for more comprehensive calculations of foreign cost distortions.
Following an administrative review, the department lifted duties on oil country tubular goods to a range of 2.76 percent to 24.9 percent from a previous range of about 4 percent to 6.5 percent.
The decision was the first to be made under a provision of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 that allows the Commerce Department to consider a "particular market situation" such as foreign subsidies for raw materials.
In the case of the South Korean oil country tubular goods, that included not only cost calculations for the production of the pipes, but price distortions for the hot-rolled steel used in the pipes that are caused by subsidized electricity.
"We will not stand for the distortions in foreign markets being used against U.S. businesses," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement.
"The Trump administration will continue to employ all of the tools provided under the law to take swift action against harm full trade practices from foreign nations."
Imports of the oil country tubular goods, used for drilling, extraction and transport of oil and natural gas, were estimated at $1.1 billion (£880.99 million) from South Korea from July 2014 to August 2015, accounting for 25 percent of all imports in that category, the Commerce Department said.
A slump in drilling activity and a glut of steel pipe imports idled several American steel mills in 2015, including U.S. Steel's (X.N) Granite City, Illinois, plant, where some 2,000 workers were laid off.
U.S. Steel and other American producers that first brought the case argued that since the Commerce Department had already issued anti-subsidy duties against Korean hot-rolled steel, the dumping margins for the drilling pipes should be adjusted upward to account for this.
(Additional reporting by Eric Walsh, editing by Lisa Shumaker)
* German 10-yr yields hit highest since Sep 2015
* U.S. yields spike as rate hikes expected
* Payroll data could confirm trend
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr
By Abhinav Ramnarayan
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone bond yields flirted with multi-year highs on Friday before the United States releases employment data that's expected to bolster expectations U.S. interest rates will rise.
Investors have been shedding euro zone bonds this year as a booming European economy heightens expectations the European Central Bank will tighten monetary policy. News from the U.S. is giving the sell-off fresh impetus.
“Bunds remain vulnerable as U.S. headwinds look set to persist ahead of today's (employment) data,” Commerzbank analysts said in a note.
A Reuters poll forecast the United States added 180,000 jobs in January, an increase from 148,000 the month before.
The yield on 10-year Treasuries climbed to their highest since April 2015 overnight at 2.80 percent in European trade on Friday.
Euro zone government bond yields also rose, adding 3 to 4 bps across the board. The yield on Germany's 10-year government bond reached its highest since September 2015 at 0.745 percent.
The gap between the U.S. and German benchmark yields was at elevated levels at 205 basis points.
“We do not see any support for U.S. Treasuries here other than domestically, if U.S. equities weaken,” said Peter Chatwell, Mizuho's head of rates strategy.
“On the other hand, higher yields will increase euro buying and will also make European government bonds more attractive for foreign investors, causing them to continue their outperformance of USTs.”
The gap between low-rated Southern European debt and the German benchmark bonds remained tight.
The Spain-Germany 10-year government bond yield spread, for example, was steady at 67 basis points, which is the lowest the gap has been since March 2010. (Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan, editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
MELBOURNE For two teams battling for their futures in Super Rugby, the Melbourne Rebels and Western Force have shown little on the playing field to justify their retention in the cut-throat competition.
The Australian strugglers' cause was weakened further on Saturday as the Rebels suffered a 44-3 trouncing away to South Africa's lowly Kings after the Force lost 24-15 to the Johannesburg-based Lions in front of a paltry home crowd.
Either the Rebels or Perth-based Force will be cut next season as the competition contracts from 18 teams to 15, but both teams have threatened to fight for their survival, in court if necessary.
The off-field defiance has not translated into on-field success, however, and both remain anchored to the bottom of a weak Australian conference, with three wins between them after 10 weeks of the season.
Rebels fans have endured a number of harrowing defeats this campaign, but the loss to the Kings, one of South Africa's weakest sides, may be the toughest to swallow.
The Kings are almost certain to be cut from the competition next year as South Africa axes two teams, but the Port Elizabeth-based side are not heading quietly to the gallows.
They ran in six unanswered tries as the Rebels struggled to cope with the loss of captain Nic Stirzaker, a late withdrawal due to an ankle injury, and an early injury to back-up scrumhalf Mick Snowden.
As unsettling as the injuries may have been, the Rebels still dominated possession but their sputtering attack failed to build any pressure and their defence was swept aside by repeated turnovers.
"It wasn't much of a spectacle, really, was it?" Rebels coach Tony McGahan said.
"We were well beaten, no shying away from that fact."
Stirzaker is set to be sidelined for up to three weeks and the Rebels face another huge test at home next week against the high-flying Lions, the best performing of South Africa's six teams.
"They're obviously in good form, we've got a bit of a pick-up job here again to get ourselves back up for that," added McGahan.
The Force have shown more backbone than the Rebels this season but have only managed one more win and their loss to the Lions was another frustrating outcome for the dogged Perth side.
More concerning for David Wessels' team was that only 7,300 turned up at Perth Oval, a poor number for a franchise that has claimed to have the widespread community support necessary for its continued participation in Super Rugby.
"I felt like we deserved to win it," Wessels said of the match.
"I'm just so proud of the guys for their effort but at the same time so disappointed that we didn't get anything out of that game."
The pressure on the Force is unlikely to ease on a gruelling road trip to South Africa to take on the Sharks (6-2) in Durban next week followed by the Jaguares (4-5) in Argentina.
(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
PRETORIA An injury jinx has returned to haunt Handre Pollard and handed South African rugby another setback after the Bulls flyhalf hurt their ankle in training on Thursday.
They will be out for between eight and 10 weeks, according to a brief statement from the Bulls, and might need surgery after consulting doctors.
The 23-year-old returned at the start of the Super Rugby season in February, having missed the 2016 campaign after rupturing knee ligaments in a freak training ground accident.
Pollard, regarded as one of the most exciting Springbok prospects in years, also suffered complications after elective shoulder surgery, adding five weeks to their hospital stay.
They won their first South Africa cap aged 20 and has played 20 tests, the last at the 2015 Rugby World Cup in England.
Pollard was expected to be first-choice flyhalf for the Boks this year after they had a miserable 2016 campaign without him.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by David Goodman)
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Austrian championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 FC Admira Wacker Moedling 2 SKN St. Polten 0 Rapid Vienna 3 Altach 0 Sturm Graz 1 SV Ried 0 Wolfsberger AC 0 Salzburg 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Salzburg 29 20 5 4 63 18 65 ------------------------- 2 Sturm Graz 29 16 3 10 47 27 51 3 Altach 29 15 5 9 41 39 50 ------------------------- 4 Austria Vienna 28 15 2 11 50 42 47 ------------------------- 5 FC Admira Wacker Moedling 29 11 6 12 28 40 39 6 Rapid Vienna 29 8 10 11 40 34 34 7 Wolfsberger AC 29 9 6 14 31 47 33 8 SKN St. Poelten 29 8 7 14 31 48 31 9 Mattersburg 28 8 6 14 28 42 30 ------------------------- 10 SV Ried 29 8 2 19 25 47 26 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 10: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, April 16 Mattersburg v Austria Vienna (1300)
May 2 Norbord Inc
* Says Q1 adjusted earnings of $0.58 per diluted share
* Norbord reports first quarter 2017 results; increases variable dividend level
* In Europe, continue to face post-brexit translation headwind from weaker pound sterling, and this quarter included additional impact of higher resin prices
* Says board has tripled quarterly dividend to c$0.30 per share
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.57
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.62 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The world's richest horse race just got richer, with organisers on Wednesday announcing a $16 million (12.83 million pounds) purse for the 2018 Pegasus World Cup Invitational in Florida.
The inaugural race in January paid $12 million, eclipsing the $10 million on offer at the Dubai World Cup.
Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum recently told CNN they wanted the Dubai race to regain its status as the richest race.
"The 2017 Pegasus World Cup Invitational surpassed our expectations and we believe took the sport of thoroughbred racing to an exciting new level," said Belinda Stronach, president of the Stronach Group.
American colt Arrogate is the reigning champion of both races. They won the Pegasus World Cup at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach on Jan. 28, before taking the Dubai World Cup on March 25.
The Florida event, the brainchild of business person Frank Stronach, is funded largely by a $1 million entry fee paid by the connections of each of the 12 starting horses.
The Stronach Group will contribute the remaining $4 million to the 2018 race, to be held on Jan. 27.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Ken Ferris)
MELBOURNE, April 13 London copper rose from three-month lows on Thursday as the dollar sagged after U.S. President Donald Trump said the country's currency was too strong, and as traders closed positions ahead of the long Easter-weekend. FUNDAMENTALS * LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper rose 0.9 percent to $5,679 a tonne by 0213 GMT, paring losses from the previous session when prices plumbed their lowest since Jan. 10 at $5,615 a tonne. Copper was set for a near 3 percent weekly drop, the biggest in more than a month. * HOLIDAYS: The LME will be closed on Friday and Monday for the Easter break. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper cut early losses to trade down 1.4 percent at 45,990 yuan ($6,688) a tonne. * TRUMP: President Trump said on Wednesday that their administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even as they said the dollar was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the economy. * CHINA ECONOMY: China's economy likely grew by a solid 6.8 percent in the first quarter, the same pace as the previous quarter, due to sustained government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying housing market, according to a Reuters poll of 60 economists. * China's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system, policy insiders said, to help ensure stability ahead of a five-yearly leadership team transition this year. * Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing the Indonesian government and mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, for three months. * Chile, the world's biggest copper producer, faced a fresh threat of labor action in the sector on Wednesday when a union at the large Chuquicamata mine said it had blocked access as a "warning" over planned changes to job opportunities. * The global zinc market moved into a surplus of 19,800 tonnes in February from a deficit of 22,300 tonnes in January, data from the International Lead and Zinc Study Group (ILZSG) showed on Wednesday. DATA/EVENTS 1230 U.S. Initial Jobless Claims weekly 1230 U.S. PPI Final Demand Mar 1400 U.S. U Mich Sentiment Prelim Apr 1430 U.S. ECRI Weekly index PRICES BASE METALS PRICES Three month LME copper 5673 Most active ShFE copper 45990 Three month LME aluminium 1908.5 Most active ShFE aluminium 23 Three month LME zinc 2622.5 Most active ShFE zinc 21595 Three month LME lead 2255 Most active ShFE lead 4 Three month LME nickel 9785 Most active ShFE nickel 1 Three month LME tin 19725 Most active ShFE tin 1 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 494.42 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1301.57 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 210.04 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -2061.73 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1780 ($1 = 6.8768 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard speaks at a public lecture on ''Slow Normalization or No Normalization'' in Singapore May 26, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve does not need to be "preemptive" with its interest-rate hikes since inflation is "tame," one of the central banks most dovish rate-setters said on Friday.
St. Louis Fed President James Bullard, addressing a students' conference in New York, said they could back perhaps one more rate hike this year, but added: "This is not an environment that data is screaming at the Fed that it has to move."
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Application ranges straight seam steel pipe diameter range is 406~1600mm, even larger under special circumstances, the ratio of pipe wall thickness to pipe diameter is about 0.06~0.08. Foreign modern pipe making technology can produce welded pipes with wall thickness up to 100mm.
There are only a few methods for producing straight seam steel pipes from steel or steel strips in the industry. The principle difference lies in the forming method of the steel pipes. The subsequent processing of the steel pipes after forming is basically the same.
The forming method depends in principle on the distribution of the welds of the steel pipes. The steel pipes are divided into two basic forms according to the distribution of the welds: lsaw steel pipes and lsaw steel pipes. Correspondingly, the production of welded pipes is divided into the production of straight seam steel pipes and the production of spiral seam pipes. The most widely used welding method for straight seam steel tubes and spiral seam tubes is submerged arc welding (SAW), which has good quality, high productivity, mature technology and stability.
At present, foreign straight seam steel pipes are widely used in the following ranges:
· Main pipelines for the transport of gas, water and oil on land and in the sea;
· The chemical industry transports stainless steel pipes for chemical raw materials and products;
· Marine industrial structure pipe;
· Boiler manufacturing tubes and special purpose structural tubes.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
The production of straight seam steel pipes can be divided into two stages, namely the forming stage and the post-forming manufacturing stage.
The production of large-diameter straight seam submerged arc welded steel pipes in foreign countries is divided into four types according to the forming method:
· UOE process;
· Rollbending process;
· Progressive forming process;
· Progressive folding process.
Production of straight seam steel pipe
1.1 Forming stage
1.1.1 UOE forming
This method has the highest productivity and is the most important production method for straight seam steel pipes. The brief production process of the unit is first bent into a U shape, then pressed into an O shape, mechanical cooling expansion (Expansion) after internal and external welding.This method is characterized by the availability of extremely stable steel tubes with high productivity and the production of steel tubes over 18 m in length.
1.1.2 Roll forming
In this method, after several steps on the roll bending machine, the steel sheet is bent into an open tube, and the edge of the opening is not deformed and is still straight. Then open the tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the plate are continuously rolled.
This method is characterized by strong adaptability and good economics for medium production, but the minimum diameter and maximum wall thickness of the steel pipe produced restricted.
1.1.3 Gradual molding
The forming process of this method is that the steel sheet is first sent to the pressing type, and then sent to the bending position by the controller, and an open tube is formed after passing through a series of pressing molds matched with the tube diameter. There are two controllers in operation, one side of the board is first bent into a semicircle, then the board is second controller moving, the other side is then also bent. Since the thickness of the curved die affects the roundness of the open tube, the thickness of the curved die must be kept to a minimum. Typically, after the forming is completed, the open tube is sent to the edge bender and the two edges of the sheet are continuously rolled into the desired shape. This method is characterized by strong adaptability, economical for medium production, and the ability to make small diameter and thick wall steel pipes.
1.1.4 Gradual bending forming
The steel tube forming by this method was originally used in the marine industry, and it is often necessary to form a particularly thick steel pipe by using a controlled rolling sheet in a cold state, and this method has high forming precision and pressure, and is used for making a sea. Industrial thick-walled steel pipe. This method is characterized by high-strength and thick-walled steel pipes, which are suitable for both small diameters and large diameters, so it can be manufactured in trunk pipes and marine structural pipes; system equipment is low in cost, adaptable, and economical. Good sex, even in small batch production, can reduce costs.
1.2 Manufacturing stage after forming
After the above forming stage is completed, the post-manufacturing stage of the large-diameter straight seam steel pipe includes a series of substantially similar processes, the main process:
1.2.1 The edge of the board is machined to weld the groove.
The machining methods are milling and planing. On either side of the board, there may be one or more milling and planing heads. According to the thickness of the plate, the groove can be processed into an I-shaped, single V or double V groove with a certain blunt edge. The extra-thick steel pipe can be used to mill the outer seam into a U-shaped groove. The purpose is to reduce the consumption of welding materials and increase the productivity, while the root is wider to avoid welding defects.
1.2.2 tack welding, commonly known as pre-welding. It is generally carried out by carbon dioxide gas shielded welding, the purpose of which is to stabilize the steel pipe, which is particularly useful for subsequent submerged arc welding to prevent burn through. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, it shall be visually inspected to confirm that the weld is continuous without any defects.
2.2.3 Inner and outer welding of steel pipes, that is, precision welding. After the steel pipe is positioned and welded, the subsequent welding is mainly the inner and outer welding of the steel pipe, which is an important part of the steel pipe manufacturing process. It is completed by a submerged arc welding method separate from the forming unit. In order to improve productivity, the inner and outer seams are welded by multi-wire submerged arc welding, and the number of welding wires can be up to 5 wires. In order to avoid weld deviation, a special weld automatic centering device is installed on the welding head. Multi-layer welding is applied to thick-walled steel pipes to reduce heat input and improve the physical properties of the weld.
1.2.4 Weld inspection.
In order to identify the welding defects as soon as possible, ultrasonic testing and X-ray inspection are performed immediately after the welding operation is completed, and the defects are found to be repaired in time.
1.2.5 Cold expansion.
After the completion of welding, the roundness and straightness of the steel pipe usually cannot meet the relevant standards and technical requirements. The sizing and straightness are used in the pipe manufacturing plant and are completed by the mechanical cold expansion method.
1.2.6 Water pressure test of steel pipes.
The test pressure can be as high as 90% or more of the yield strength of the steel pipe material.
1.2.7 Finally, the entire steel pipe is subjected to ultrasonic inspection and X-ray inspection and visual inspection.
March 30 General Electric Co:
* GE CEO Jeff Immelt says maintaining healthy US-China relationship is most important geopolitical issue today
* GE CEO Jeff Immelt says U.S. still has much to gain from globalization
* GE's CEO Immelt, discussing climate change, says in the case of GE "we actually do believe in science"
* GE CEO Jeff Immelt says if tax reform is not achieved, people are going to get "thrown out" in the next election
* GE CEO Immelt says if a Republican-led government cannot achieve tax reform, "why have the Republican Party" Further company coverage:
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and their would-be partners, the Social Democrats (SPD), have made major progress in talks on forming a coalition government but remain at odds on issues like labour rules, a senior SPD member said on Friday.
As they emerged from lengthy talks that Merkel hopes will ultimately secure their fourth term and end political impasse in Europe's largest economy, SPD General Secretary Lars Klingbeil said the parties had taken a “leap forward.”
“But we also saw that we have differences on some topics,” they said.
Senior conservative Peter Altmaier said Friday's talks had been good and the parties were optimistic but a “very tough stretch of road” lay ahead.
The parties became embroiled in another dispute over migration on Friday, with some SPD members saying they wanted to revisit January's coalition blueprint that said the parties did not expect annual migration to exceed 220,000 per year because they were annoyed that Merkel's CSU Bavarian allies seemed to be considering this as an upper limit.
But SPD deputy Ralf Stegner later said the parties had reached a deal. In an apparent defeat for the SPD, the wording of that migration prediction remained the same - as pushed for by the CSU, which calls for a migrant cap.
Stegner said the figure described “expected migration numbers” and beyond that the parties stood by the right to asylum enshrined in Germany's constitution.
They said the SPD had had to make compromises: “We can't make progress on our issues without giving something in return.”
But they trumpeted an agreement on a “modern and transparent immigration law” as a success for the migrant-friendly SPD. The parties agreed to encourage skilled migration using criteria such as qualifications, age and language skills.
The two camps aim to finalise a deal for four more years of a “grand coalition” by the end of the weekend or early next week, some four months after an inconclusive election plunged Germany into unaccustomed political uncertainty.
But Merkel said, upon arriving for talks, that they faced divisions in crucial areas, adding: “We have goodwill to overcome them, but there is still a lot of work ahead for us.”
Slideshow (4 Images)
The parties have agreed some eye-catching measures, including a 50 percent tax write-down for fleet electric cars and a 12-billion-euro public investment programme to improve sluggish data networks, documents seen by Reuters showed.
In the field of labour rights, where the SPD wants to signal to its members that it has set its stamp on the deal, the SPD and conservatives agreed to the right for employees in companies with more than 45 employees to move seamlessly back and forth between full- and part-time work.
But long lines of text highlighted in yellow showed the parties had yet to decide on the exact wording of that agreement.
PROGRESS
Other agreements included to raise child benefits by 25 euros per child per month. Senior SPD member Katarina Barley said there would be a women's quota for management in the civil service after the last government focussed on this for firms.
The parties also agreed to give German authorities the ability to deprive people with dual citizenship of their German citizenship if they fight abroad for an extremist organisation.
They said they wanted to start allowing collective lawsuits. Consumer associations and politicians had called for class-action lawsuits to be made possible during the Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) diesel emissions scandal.
As they arrived for talks, SPD leader Martin Schulz said their party would insist on more progress in labour law and healthcare, where the party hopes to reduce differences in the service experienced by the privately and publicly insured.
They made some progress by agreeing to boost funds for hospitals for restructuring, digitalisation and new technologies.
The centre-left SPD has sagged further in polls since suffering its worst postwar result in the Sept. 24 election.
Many SPD activists, who must ratify any coalition deal in a postal ballot, would prefer to see their party reinvent itself in opposition rather than join another coalition with Merkel after serving as junior partner from 2013 to 2017.
Several politicians from both blocs suggested they may need until Monday and Tuesday to reach an agreement, with Schulz stressing they were not under time pressure. But Horst Seehofer, Merkel's Bavarian ally, said: “So far, there is no reason to expect we will need longer than Sunday.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
VIENNA Austria's Financial Market Authority has increased its forecast of how much will be earned from the sale of assets in its wind-down of "bad bank" Heta Asset Resolution [HAABI.UL] to 8.6 billion euros (£7.2 billion).
Tuesday's estimate of a 2.6 billion euro increase, from a previous forecast of 6.0 billion euros, is a boon to the Austrian state, which loaned the southern province of Carinthia the money for a buyback of Heta bonds last year, lifting the threat of bankruptcy hanging over the province.
The revision was largely due to better-than-expected proceeds so far from the sale of Heta's assets, the FMA said, confirming Heta's own recent optimistic comments.
Carinthia guaranteed the face value of bonds issued by Hypo Alpe Adria before its collapse, with Heta formed to wind it down. Since Carinthia said it could not afford to honour the 11 billion euros in guarantees, it bought back the bonds at a discount after a long standoff with creditors.
For Austria, 2.6 billion euros is roughly 0.7 percent of last year's gross domestic product. And the FMA said an initial payment of around 4 billion euros should soon be made to Heta creditors, by far the biggest of which is now Carinthia.
"We expect from the current standpoint that roughly half of what is on the account can be paid out ... over the summer," FMA co-chief Klaus Kumpfmueller told reporters, referring to Heta's cash reserves of 8.1 billion euros as of April.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Shadia Nasralla and Alexander Smith)
* EMEA first quarter lending boosted by M&A deals
* M&A loans increase by 120% to US$82.59bn
* Leverage loan volume buoyed by wave of repricings
By Alasdair Reilly and Hannah Brenton
LONDON, March 31 Syndicated lending in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) of US$203bn in the first quarter was 4% higher than the US$196bn in the same period of 2016 as a number of early year acquisition financings helped keep volumes stable, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
The loan market remains highly liquid and borrowers continue have access to competitively priced loan financing, but with banks facing more rigorous regulations and other macroeconomic and political challenges expected in 2017, lenders are becoming more selective in the deals they do.
“There seems to be an election or other political developments every week, so banks are working around that. There are more M&A financings around, but volume remains low,” a senior banker said.
Loans to Europe's highest-rated companies totalled US$135bn, which is 19% higher than the first quarter of 2016, but 21% down on the US$170.8bn seen in the same period of 2015. First quarter volume was supported by large scale M&A financing and a consistent level of refinancing activity.
The European leveraged loan market, which finances riskier, more indebted companies, also recorded a positive start to the year increasing 20% to US$47.53bn. This increase was driven by a wave of opportunistic deals, such as repricings, refinancings and dividend recapitalisations, as borrowers took advantage of hot market conditions to secure better terms on their debt.
Deal count was low with only 222 deals completed in EMEA in the first three months of 2017, down 42% on the 386 deals completed in the first quarter of 2016 as the market was dominated by fewer but larger financings.
M&A lending in the first quarter of 2017 saw a 120% increase to US$82.59bn in the first quarter of 2017 as a wave of deals agreed in late 2016 came to the market. Acquisition financing was buoyed by a strong bond market enabling borrowers to quickly replace bridge loans with longer-term debt.
In January, British American Tobacco closed the largest loan of the first quarter, placing US$25bn of bridge loans and £5.68bn (US$7.08bn) of forward starting revolving credit facilities backing its acquisition of the remaining 57.8% stake in Reynolds American it did not already own.
In March, UK consumer goods group Reckitt Benckiser syndicated US$21.2bn-equivalent of loans supporting its US$17.9bn acquisition of US baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.
Other sizeable acquisition financings were seen for Swiss pharmaceutical firm Lonza that closed US$6.2bn of loans backing its acquisition of US capsule maker Capsugel; and French aviation, space and defence technology firm Safran, which placed a €4bn bridge loan backing its acquisition of Zodiac Aerospace.
REFI RISE
Refinancing activity, the traditional driver of EMEA lending, rose 23% to US$115bn in the first three months as a number of European companies took advantage of rock bottom pricing to refinance or amend existing facilities.
“The feeling that pricing has bottomed out means borrowers are now looking at structures, extending maturities or adjusting covenant levels, rather than going for full refinancings” the banker said.
The biggest refinancing of the quarter was an amend-and-extend of Italian carmaker FCA Group existing revolving credit facility. The credit line was increased to €6.25bn (US$6.68bn) from €5bn previously and maturities extended.
Meanwhile, macroeconomic and political fears weighed heavily on lending in Africa, Central and Eastern Europe and the Middle East, which was 58% down year-on-year at US$14.4bn, the lowest quarterly volume since the first quarter of 2009. REPRICING WAVE The increase in leveraged loan volumes was driven by a 94% increase year-on-year to US$31.79bn in refinancing activity, while in contrast M&A driven-activity slumped by 72% to US$4.69bn, its lowest quarterly volume since the fourth quarter of 2012.
New money deals also fell 46% year-on-year to US$3.59bn.
“What we saw in the first quarter this year is not unprecedented, but it is very unusual,” said one leveraged loan banker. “Those of us with long memories remember the market in that kind of heat - but not for a decade.”
Pricing has dropped dramatically over the course of the quarter to a low of 300bp for Single B rated borrowers, while documentation terms have deteriorated as investors struggled to stay invested in a market starved of new paper.
“Whether you were trying to ramp a CLO that you had just priced or spend inflows from pension funds and other sources – it's been pretty tough,” said one loan investor. “As a result borrowers have taken advantage and taken margins right down to the bone.”
There are some signs that the refinancing momentum may be slowing, after investors pushed back against a handful deals that priced at 300bp. However, there is little indication there will be an imminent pick-up in supply from M&A-driven activity, unless a string of larger potential buyouts come through to the loan market.
“The auction pipeline is not very strong,” said a second loan banker. “On the more bilateral situations we are looking at you never know if they will happen.”
Bank of America Merrill Lynch topped the first quarter EMEA syndicated loan bookrunner league table, with a US$18.99bn market share and 28 deals. Deutsche Bank claimed second place with US$16.53bn and 25 deals, while HSBC was third with a US$15.44bn market share and 31 deals. ($1 = 0.9362 euros) ($1 = 0.8027 pounds)
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
LONDON, April 5 British Prime Minister Theresa May has suggested that the free movement of people between Britain and the European Union could be extended during an implementation phase after Britain leaves the bloc, the BBC reported on Wednesday.
The broadcaster said May had told reporters during a visit to Saudi Arabia that the implementation phase would give businesses and governments a "period of time" to adjust to any new restrictions agreed as part of a Brexit deal.
Citing the same conversation with reporters, the Financial Times reported that May had suggested that Britain would not finalise a new trade deal with the EU until after Brexit is complete in 2019. (Reporting by Estelle Shirbon; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bankers Cobalt Corp:
* BANKERS COBALT CORP. ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE INTERESTS IN SIX ADDITIONAL COBALT AND COPPER CONCESSIONS IN THE DRC
* BANKERS COBALT-‍ENTERED INTO AGREEMENT TO EARN UP TO 70% INTEREST IN 6 ADDITIONAL CONCESSIONS IN SOUTHERN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF CONGO (DRC) COPPERBELT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A U.S. patent board on Friday ruled against Danish drugmaker Forward Pharma A/S, finding Biogen's patents on its blockbuster multiple sclerosis drug Tecfidera to be valid.
The ruling by the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAP) frees Bigoen Inc from future royalty payments to Forward and sent the Danish firm's shares down nearly 20 percent. Biogen shares were up 1.4 percent.
The companies had been locked in a dispute over patents for dimethyl fumarate, the key active ingredient in Tecfidera, the leading oral MS treatment with sales of about $4 billion in 2016.
The PTAP ruling found Forward's written patent description to be insufficient to declare infringement by Biogen.
Had Biogen lost it would have had to pay Forward a 10 percent royalty on Tecfidera sales starting in 2021.
Biogen's Tecfidera exclusivity is secured through 2028 under the ruling.
Biogen in January had taken out something of an insurance policy against a potential defeat in the patent dispute. It agreed to pay Forward $1.25 billion to license the company's patents covering multiple sclerosis drugs, giving Biogen a share of Forward's intellectual property.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Tom Brown)
Van Cleve Sixth Grade Building
TROY — Van Cleve has announced the names of honor roll students for the second quarter of the 2017-18 school year.
Straight A's
Holden Chesko, Skylar Davis, Tyler Heuker, Allison Ray, Ana Rindler, Ahmeddek Warsame, Logan Boehringer, Braden Burgbacher, Alexander Schaefer, Alyssa Stanley, Owen Walters, Katelyn Weikert, Kiyah Baker, Isaac Dillon-Swartz, Ava Harvey, Jena Johns, Ryan Kaiser, Alyssa Kern, Aaron Oates, Sarah Pierce, Braeden Verceles, Camille Hemm, Kendra Kovacs, Payton Vitangeli, Mason Ward, Jonathan Asher, Brooke Craft, Alyxandria Grube, Dean Hampshire, Evan Kaiser, Josephine Kleinhenz, Austin Towne, Lena Walker, Robert Cox, Yancarlo Fuentes, Quinn Gariety, Joshua Hardin, Eva Hixson, Anika Hurley, Matthew Stamps, Joshua Clark, Lainey Freeman, Cristian Fuentes, Lynnette McKibbin, Abigail Seger, Cameron Allison, Johnathan Dilbone, Miguel Gonzalez, Bryce Massingill, Hailey Noland, Joshua Schilling, Kiana Farrier, Sienna Mader, Allison Unger, Jadyn Allen, Jadyn Almeida, Dyaus Cavazos, Joslynn Compliment, Rowan Holley, Ashleigh Nosker, Owen Kemp, Hana Kuramoto, Ethan Nosker, Payton Wilmoth, Mackenzie Andrews, Kara Enneking, Lucas Hill, Elizabeth Katwyk, Casey Rogers, Carly West, Kaitlyn Elliott, Eric Sampson.
Honor roll
Peyton Hayslett, Alani Marshall, Ava McCoy, Isaac Merritt, Zachary Page, Salman Warsame, Alivia Worth, Colin Burghardt, Michelle Daffner, Jacob Estes, Keagan Knue, Cole Reigelsperger, Austin Baker, Kristin Sedam, Hannah Steggemann, Jarod Barnhart, Bryce Davis, Bryce Detrick, Jerry Heffner, Taylor Housley, Matthew Kitchen, Marymar Mulhern, Sydney Bennett, Maxwell Chipley, Brooklyn Elder, Kaylee Elliott, Cadence Favorite, Aiyana Godwin, Ryan Grody, Kiley Kitta, Meet Patel, Jack Crawford, Hannah Knisley, Tyler Malott, Ashley Mauk, Lydia Yount, Mason Glover, Abbigail Morten, Chayne Newton, Nicole Tucker, Karleigh Durian, Kaitlyn Garber, Gavin Laughman, Noah Miller, Lily Anderson, Amber Bond, Caleb Gray, Vincent Olivieri, Miles Shuman, Roslyn Cremeans, Marlee Cupp, Ella Jones, Kiandra Smith, Ryan Stringer, Ronan Watkins, Zachary Applegate, Emma Carroll, Cassidy Cheney, Caleb Dreier, Jaiden Roach, Robert Rohlfs, Ann Waller, Jacob Anderson, Autumn Bowers, Kylie Buechter, Connor Creech, Arantza Rivera, Truth Santiago, Evelynn Turnbull, Gwendolyn Turnbull, Damien West, Noah Carter, Dylan Greaf, Emma Honeycutt, Eloise Kolakowski, Kellen Miller, Parker Neth, Hunter Sekas, Jacob Shurtz, Evan Barth, Allana Bolden, Clara Brown, Kaiden McKinney, Gwen Moore, Aubrey Murphy, Arabella Nickels, Chloe Fecher, Ikumi Nagase, Jude Wright, Isabella Browning, Danny Murray, Clay Smith, Colin Vogel, Samuel Westfall, Lily Applegate, Laila Borger, Nicholas McKibbin, Zachary Meyer, Gavin Palkovic, Jacob Smith.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
March 30 Einbecker Brauhaus AG:
* FY sales revenues amounted to 32,567 thousand euros ($34.95 million), taking into account the reduction in the tax bill according to Bilrug
* Net profit for the year was significantly higher at 1,053 thousand euros compared with 444 thousand euros in the previous year
* Payment of a dividend of 0.08 euros per dividend-bearing share, previous year: 0.07 euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9319 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
COLOMBO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sri Lankan shares rose for a third straight session on Friday to their highest close in more than three weeks, boosted by a surge in Janashakthi Insurance Plc as it agreed to sell its general insurance unit to Germany's Allianz SE.
Janashakthi stock jumped about 28 percent in the session, bringing its weekly gain to a whopping 73 percent.
The insurer said on Friday it agreed to sell its wholly owned subsidiary, Janashakthi General Insurance Ltd, for 16.4 billion rupees ($106.4 million) to Allianz.
The Colombo stock index ended up 0.34 percent at 6,520.46, its highest close since Jan. 9. The market rose 1 percent this week, its second straight weekly gain.
“A combination of retail, high-net-worth and foreign investors were active today,” said Dimantha Mathew, head of research at First Capital Holdings.
Cargills (Ceylon) Plc rose 5.7 percent, while Nestle Lanka Plc ended 2.4 percent up, and Ceylon Tobacco Company Plc rose 0.9 percent.
The market turnover was 1.22 billion Sri Lankan rupees ($7.9 million), more than last year's daily average of 915.3 million rupees.
Foreign investors sold a net 3.8 million rupees worth of shares on Friday, but they have been net buyers of 4.2 billion rupees worth of equities so far this year.
Analysts said the political uncertainty ahead of a local election next month continued to weigh on sentiment. Sri Lanka will hold a long-delayed local government election on Feb. 10.
President Maithripala Sirisena in an election rally over the weekend said they were ready to form a new government with their Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP), breaking away from the current coalition - a comment that exacerbated worries about the future of the coalition government.
Sri Lanka's stock, bond and foreign exchange markets are closed on Monday for a special holiday. Markets will resume trading on Tuesday. ($1 = 154.2000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
April 28 Iradimed Corp
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.00
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.02
* Iradimed Corp - board of directors approved share repurchase program, authorizing repurchase of up to $8 million of co's common stock through April 28, 2018
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Iradimed Corp - for Q1 ended March 31, 2017, company reported revenue of $5.2 million compared to $9.0 million for Q1 of 2016
* Q1 revenue view $5.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Iradimed Corp - company intends to use cash on hand, investments and cash generated from operations to fund share repurchase program
* Iradimed Corp - for Q2 2017, company expects revenue of approximately $5.4 million to $5.5 million
* Iradimed Corp - for Q2 2017, company expects GAAP loss per share of $0.01 to $0.00 per share
* Iradimed Corp - for Q2 2017, company expects non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.01 to $0.02.
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.03 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Iradimed Corp sees fy revenue of $22.7 million to $23.1 million, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.03 to $0.04
* Iradimed Corp sees FY non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.10 to $0.13
* FY2017 earnings per share view $0.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 revenue view $24.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Greenland Hong Kong says You Defeng tendered resignation as CFO
* You Defeng has tendered their resignation as an executive director and chief financial officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Bovis Homes Group Plc
* Board of bovis is pleased to announce appointment of greg fitzgerald as its new chief executive.
* Greg fitzgerald is former chief executive and chairperson of galliford, where they spent over 30 years of their career.
* Notes announcement by galliford this morning withdrawing its merger proposal
* Greg fitzgerald's appointment as chief executive will take place with effect from 18 april 2017.
* Earl sibley will resume their role as group finance director.
* Current sales and reservations are in line with board's expectations and we are making good progress with our priorities for 2017.
* Has reviewed merger proposal and concluded that it failed to reflect underlying value of bovis business
* In 2017 group is focused on re-setting business and driving operational improvements through cost efficiencies, more effective build processes and improvements in quality.
* We aim to replenish our land bank during 2017 and thereafter maintain an underlying 4 year consented land bank.
* Accordingly, board has decided to reject proposal as it believes that an independent strategy under leadership of greg fitzgerald will deliver greater value for shareholders
* Overall, good progress has been made with our review of our strategy and structure which we announced in february.
* Board intends to return to shareholders any excess capital which results from this programme and from improved cash generation from operations. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (London newsroom)
May 2 SPAREBANK 1 SR BANK ASA
* SPAREBANK 1 SR-BANK ASA - T2 NEW ISSUE
* HAS MANDATED NORDEA MARKETS, SR-BANK MARKETS AND SWEDBANK NORWAY FOR A POTENTIAL 11NC6 T2 BOND ISSUE
* SIZE OF LOAN IS EXPECTED TO BE IN RANGE NOK 300-500 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Meeting to take place on Thursday
* Norway PM visiting China on April 7-10, first in decade
* Full diplomatic relations restored after Nobel Peace Prize row (Adds details, background)
By Nerijus Adomaitis
OSLO, April 5 Norway's deputy oil minister will meet top executives of China's biggest offshore oil producer CNOOC on Thursday to discuss possible cooperation ahead of the first visit by a Norwegian prime minister to China in a decade, officials said.
CNOOC, which operates the 140,000 barrels per day Buzzard field offshore Britain via its subsidiary Nexen, said in 2010 it would be interested to come to Norway.
The row over the Nobel Peace Prize award to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo, chosen by a Norwegian committee that same year, froze relations between the two countries.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg will be in Beijing on April 7-10 to meet President Xi Jinping, Prime Minister Li Keqiang and other Chinese officials, in the first visit by a Norwegian premier since the countries resumed full diplomatic relations in December.
Norway's Ingvil Smines Tybring-Gjedde will meet the number two executive at CNOOC on April 6, the oil ministry and business lobby group Norwegian Energy Partners told Reuters.
"We have had a very good relationship with Chinese oil companies, and we want to get back to the situation before the Nobel peace prize and all the problems with China," said Haakon Skretting from Norwegian Energy Partners.
Solberg will take executives from several top Norwegian companies, including oil firm Statoil, to China.
Statoil, which has had an office in Beijing since 1982, said China was a key market, with sales to its refineries at roughly 100,000 barrels per day, in addition to LPG and other products.
Companies such as Kuwait's Kufpec and Russia's Gazprom have also recently shown an interest in Norwegian oil assets and technology.
"Norway provides opportunities to gain know-how and learn about new technologies in order to bring them back home later," Daniel Rennemo, head of PricewaterhouseCoopers's Norway oil and gas transactions team, told Reuters.
"It remains attractive due to it resource potential, highly qualified workforce, stable geopolitics and attractive tax regime, while companies like Statoil have also managed to cut costs significantly."
(Editing by Gwladys Fouche and Terje Solsvik, editing by David Evans)
April 3 S&P Global Ratings:
* S&P lowers South Africa sovereign credit rating to BB+ from BBB-
* South Africa long-term foreign currency rating cut to 'BB+' on political and institutional uncertainty; outlook negative
* S&P on South Africa says "In our opinion, the executive changes initiated by President Zuma have put at risk fiscal and growth outcomes."
* Negative outlook reflects view that political risks will remain elevated this year, and that policy shifts are likely
* In addition, we lowered the long-term south africa national scale rating to 'zaAA-' from 'zaAAA'
* Believe sustained real exports growth likely to be slow over 2017-2020 because of persistent supply-side constraints to production
* Estimate that the change in general government debt will average 4.2 percent of GDP over 2017-2020
* Higher risks of budgetary slippage will also put upward pressure on South Africa's cost of capital, further dampening already-modest growth
* Reassessed S. Africa's contingent liabilities, reflects increased risk that nonfinancial public enterprises will need further extraordinary government support Source text (bit.ly/2nwCIRW)
ULSTER 16 CONNACHT 8
Ulster returned to the top of Guiness PRO14's Conference B with a battling display which saw them take an Irish derby win against Connacht at Kingspan Stadium on Friday night.
After last week's disappointing loss in Parma to Zebre, Ulster were keen to put it behind them as they looked ahead to the start of the European Champions Cup next week.
It also meant they finished this block of PRO14 fixtures on a high, even though the victory was far from convincing in what was a scrappy offering from both teams.
Jacob Stockdale made two telling breaks, the second should have led to a try but scrumhalf ChJohn Cooney had been up to quick and the pass was perhaps not of the quality they would have liked.
Stockdale was involved again with a nother little scamper this time in the midfield but outhalf Christian Leali'ifano could not hold the ball.
Charles Piuatu took a lovely line to go thropugh the midfield cover and from the nedt phase Ulster moved right, but Luke Marshall coul dnot hold Leali'ifano's pass.
Connacht, who had a couple of flurries both nothing meaningful into the hposts territory, had sccarmabled well in defence.
However, the penalty count was growing and when backrow Jarred Burtler went off their feet if presented a penalty chance to Ulster - John Cooney had enough lace to get it between the posts and a 3-0 lead after 28 minutes.
Ulster's lineout was on form but at the scrum Connacht were probably getting more of an edge, but it was something they were unable to fully capitalise on, until the 35th minute. Having forced the penalty at the scrum, and taken the lineout from the resulting kick to touch, Bnudee Aki sent Tom Farrell away before John Muldoon took it on into contact.
Recycled ball aw if flashing right and Eoin Keon and Cian Kellher combined before putting - although the pass looked forward - Tom McCartney away for a try which Jack Carty failed to convert.
Ulster came out with a bit of tempo in the second half and ahd the early presusre, Cooney goaling a penalty.
They and Carty were to exchange kicks again which had Ulster 9-8 ahead on 49 minutes.
It was going to take something special to ignite the scrappy affair and it duly arrived on the 56th minute and a break by Piutau. The Kiwi combined with Stockdale twice before sending the Irish winger in under the posts. Cooney's conversion made it 16-8.
It was Connacht who had all the possession afterwards - and territory - but Ulster defended stoutly.
Ulster: C Piutau; T Bowe, L Marshall, S McCloskey, J Stockdale; C Leali'ifano, J Cooney; K McCall, R Herring, W Herbst; A O'Connor, K Treadwell; I Henderson, C Henry, J Deysel.
Replacements: J Andrew (Herring 75), A Warwick, R Ah You (Herbst 67), R Diack (O'Connor 50), S Reidy (C Henry 54) , P Marshall, P Nelson, L Ludik (Bowe 59).
Connacht: T O'Halloran; C Kelleher, B Aki, T Farell, M Healy; J Carty, K Marmion; D Buckley, T McCartney, F Bealham; U Dillane, Q Roux; E McKeon, J Butler, J Muldoon.
Replacements: D Heffernan, D Coulson (Buckley 65), C Care (Bealham 69)y, J Cannon, E Masterson, C Blade (Marmian 71), S Crosbie (O'Halleron 11), E Griffin.
MILAN Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri believes that defending is just as much as an art form as attacking and advises anyone who wants to watch a show to go to the circus.
The dominant force in Italian football, Juventus will take on the role of underdogs when they host Barcelona's array of creative talent in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Yet while Barça boast Europe's most spectacular strikeforce, Juve have arguably the continent's best defence, based on the 'BBC' line-up of Andrea Barzagli, Leonardo Bonucci and Giorgio Chiellini, underpinned by veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon.
Juventus, well on course for a sixth successive Italian title, have conceded only two Champions League goals this season and just 20 in 31 Serie A games, making them a tough nut to crack even for Barcelona's prolific trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar.
Despite this, Allegri has faced criticism that their side have often had to grind out results rather than winning in style, but they reckon such comments make them smile rather than anger him.
"Football is very simple and consists of two aspects that you have to do well -- attacking and defending," they said.
"There's no shame in being good at defending. In fact, it's just as beautiful as a great attacking move.
"I am very happy for those who can turn football into a show but, as far as I'm concerned, if you want to see a show, you should go to the circus.
"Committing fouls and winning aerial battles are also very important."
They also pondered whether dominating possession -- as Barça do routinely -- was a good thing.
"Sometimes, you have 35 percent possession and create seven or eight scoring opportunities. Some games, you have 70 percent possession and have three shots on target. So which is better?"
Not that the omens are too promising for Allegri, who has already faced Barcelona nine times, including eight Champions League meetings in three seasons when they were coach of AC Milan, and managed just one win.
Their Milan side were knocked out 3-1 on aggregate in the 2011-12 quarter-finals, then lost 4-2 on aggregate in the round of 16 the following season despite winning the first leg 2-0 at San Siro.
They also faced them as Juventus coach in the 2014-15 final when Barcelona won 3-1 but the phlegmatic coach remains undeterred.
"Nothing is impossible," they said. "Above all, we have to play a perfect game on a technical level. We have to play, believing we can go through. We'll need to be at our best both when attacking and defending."
(Editing by Ian Chadband)
BRIEF-Yingli Green Energy Q1 adjusted loss per ADS was RMB10.6
* Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd - ‍pv module shipments in q2 of 2017 is expected to be in range of 950mw to 1,050mw​
Demonstrators protest calling for the firing of Bill O'Reilly outside the News Corporation headquarters in New York. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Demonstrators protest calling for the firing of Bill O'Reilly outside the News Corporation headquarters in New York. REUTERS/Mike Segar
A man, who said they were hired, displays fliers opposing Bill O'Reilly outside the News Corporation headquarters in New York. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly on the set of their show 'The O'Reilly Factor'. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Twenty-First Century Fox Inc has parted ways with star cable news host Bill O'Reilly following allegations of sexual harassment, the company said on Wednesday.
“After a thorough and careful review of the allegations, the company and Bill O'Reilly have agreed that Bill O'Reilly will not be returning to the Fox News Channel,” the conservative network's parent said in a statement.
The decision, coming after advertisers had begun to flee their show, ends a more than 20-year career at Fox News for O'Reilly, a best-selling author as well as one of the most popular commentators on U.S. television.
In an internal memo to Fox News employees seen by Reuters, Rupert Murdoch called O'Reilly "one of the most accomplished TV personalities in the history of cable news."
Murdoch, who is executive chairperson of Twenty-First Century Fox, also wrote the company is committed to "fostering a work environment built on the values of trust and respect."
O'Reilly, who has been off the air on vacation since April 11, said in a written statement they were proud of the "unprecedented success" at Fox.
"It is tremendously disheartening that we part ways due to completely unfounded claims. But that is the unfortunate reality many of us in the public eye must live with today," O'Reilly said in the statement, which was emailed by crisis communications expert Mark Fabiani.
O'Reilly will be replaced in their prime-time lineup by Fox host Tucker Carlson. Carlson's show had been moved earlier this year to replace "The Kelly File" with Megyn Kelly, another Fox News star who left for NBC in January.
The New York Times reported on April 1 that Fox and O'Reilly paid five women a total of $13 million to settle harassment claims. The five women who received settlements either worked for O'Reilly or appeared as guests on their program, according to the New York Times story.
O'Reilly said in a statement at the time that they had settled only to spare their children from the controversy.
O'Reilly's show, "The O'Reilly Factor," is the top-rated show on Fox News. According to ad-tracking firm Kantar Media, it brought in $147.13 million in advertising revenue in 2016. By comparison, Twenty-First Century Fox's last fiscal year, which ended June 30, 2016, brought in a total of $7.65 billion in advertising revenue.
"The O'Reilly Factor" has been the most watched program on Fox News and was coming off the highest-rated first quarter in its history, averaging 4 million viewers, according to Nielsen.
But after the New York Times report, advertisers including BMW of North America, Allstate Corp, French pharmaceuticals maker Sanofi SA and T. Rowe Price, pulled their advertising from O'Reilly's show.
O'Reilly's exit, which was first reported by New York magazine, follows that of former Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes, who was forced to resign in July after being accused of sexual misconduct by a number of women, including former anchor Gretchen Carlson.
Kelly was also one of the accusers and detailed Ailes' behavior in their best-selling book, "Settle for More." Ailes has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing..
Twenty-First Century Fox had tapped the law firm Paul, Weiss Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, which also looked into the allegations against Ailes, to investigate O'Reilly's conduct.
Investors seemed to take the news in stride. Shares of Twenty-First Century Fox ended Wednesday's trading on the Nasdaq down less than 1 percent at $30.39 and analysts said the network's viewers would likely remain loyal.
O'Reilly's departure will not affect Twenty-First Century Fox's overall profitability, said Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research.
“They could literally go dark during the time their program airs and they would still be profitable,” said Wieser.
A bigger issue for investors is what the Murdochs will do to prevent the company being in the headlines again just a few months from now, Wieser said. “That's bigger than O'Reilly,” they said. “The cultural issue is a big issue.”
(Additional reporting by Crispian Balmer in Rome; Writing by Anna Driver; Editing by Tom Brown)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FIFA 17 brings a whole bunch of new abilities and features to the table but none of them have fans quite as excited as the inclusion of the Dab celebration from Paul Pogba.
With the popularity of online play at a high, fueled in part by the surge of interest in FIFA Ultimate Team, fans are always looking for new celebrations to mock opponents with when they score a goal.
A particularly popular example in recent years was the Daniel Sturridge dance.
Some of the button combinations are very complex but fortunately the way of doing the Dab is very straightforward.
Once you've bagged a worldie, all you have to do hold R1 or RB and double-tap either Triangle or Y button.
This will see you pull off what is comfortably the most famous celebration in world football.
Not sure what the Dab is? Watch the video at the top of this article.
April 13 Straight Path Communications Inc , which agreed to be bought by AT&T Inc for $1.25 billion, said on Thursday it had received a letter from a third party that was considering topping AT&T's offer.
Straight Path said the party, which it did not name, had made a bid to acquire the company before AT&T's offer.
AT&T, which earlier this week agreed to buy the holder of licenses to wireless spectrum in an all-stock deal, could not immediately be reached for comment. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
* Crown weakens near earlier cap level at 27 vs the euro * French elections, global inflation retreat are risks to CEE fx * No sign of central bank hawkishness despite surge in wages By Sandor Peto and Jason Hovet BUDAPEST/PRAGUE, April 20 The Czech crown extended its losses against the euro on Thursday as investors sitting on a huge pile of long positions struggle to take profits, with risks from Sunday's French elections weighing on sentiment. The worry over France is that the far-right or far-left candidate - both anti-EU and anti-euro - might make the decisive second round. The crown is vulnerable after investors bought tens of billions of euros worth of the currency in the past months, speculating on a surge. The Czech central bank removed its cap, which had kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro since 2013, two weeks ago, and most of the crown long positions are still in the market, with investors waiting for stronger levels to take profit. The crown, after an initial surge following the cap exit, has retreated. On Thursday it almost touched the earlier cap level, falling 0.3 percent to 26.957 by 0731 GMT. Other Central European currencies were mixed. "It is a combination of the huge positioning (in the crown) and external factors," one Prague-based dealer said, adding that a plunge was unlikely for now, but a breach of 27.05 could lead to an even bigger fall. Investors scrambled a week ago to buy Czech Treasury bills to shorten the maturity of their Czech debt portfolio and cut risk. The government will again auction bills on Thursday. Commerzbank analysts said in a note that increased volatility was no surprise, given that some market participants had projected a slump even to 29, and the Czech central bank (CNB) has also said that it will take at least tow months for the excessive crown long positions to clear out. It is also a risk that inflation is retreating again globally, and if that triggers speculation for a reintroduction of a cap, a crown sell-off could follow. "Admittedly, we do not see enough evidence that such a turn of events is actually occurring globally...(but) the latest behaviour of US and Euro zone bond yields appears to reflect some sort of anti-inflationary caution," Commerzbank said. Central banks in the region have not showed signs of worry over inflation or intentions to move towards less loose policies despite a surge in wages which in theory could lift prices. Poland reported 5.2 percent annual rise in wages for March on Wednesday and Hungary a 10.7 percent jump on Thursday. Romania, where the net average wage was up 14.7 percent in February, plans further wage increases. CEE SNAPS AT 0931 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.95 26.87 -0.30 0.19% 70 65 % Hungary 312.9 313.6 +0.2 -1.32 forint 500 400 2% % Polish 4.256 4.251 -0.11 3.48% zloty 0 4 % Romanian 4.539 4.538 -0.03 -0.10 leu 5 4 % % Croatian 7.446 7.447 +0.0 1.47% kuna 0 5 2% Serbian 123.4 123.5 +0.0 -0.10 dinar 700 750 9% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 969.6 967.5 +0.2 +5.2 2 4 1% 1% Budapest 32777 32688 +0.2 +2.4 .69 .09 7% 2% Warsaw 2271. 2274. -0.13 +16. 71 69 % 62% Bucharest 8180. 8196. -0.19 +15. 78 11 % 47% Ljubljana 774.3 779.3 -0.64 +7.9 1 3 % 0% Zagreb 1948. 1962. -0.67 -2.30 96 10 % % Belgrade 4 0% 00% Sofia 656.7 658.6 -0.29 +11. 1 1 % 98% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 7 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year 4 bps Poland 2-year 4 bps 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.31 0.33 0.39 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.22 0.295 0.37 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.748 1.763 1.799 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Radu Marinas in Bucharest)
American TV star Roseanne Barr has blamed their racist tweet on Ambien, the prescription sleeping pills.
The 65-year-old TV star likened Valerie Jarrett - a former aide of Barack Obama - to an ape and accused them of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood political party on Twitter, but Roseanne has now claimed that their use of the prescription drug Ambien was to blame for their post.
The comedy actor - whose eponymous sitcom has been cancelled by US TV network ABC - wrote on the micro-blogging platform: "I think Joe Rogan is right about Ambien.
"Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc. [sic]"
Roseanne also cited Memorial Day - a US holiday that recognises the sacrifices made by the country's armed forces - as another contributory factor.
However, Roseanne conceded that there was no defence for their inflammatory tweet and has offered an apology to Jarrett.
In a now-deleted message, they wrote: "Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but...don't defend it please. ty. [sic]"
Roseanne has also claimed that being called a racist is much more hurtful than having their show cancelled by ABC.
They explained: "hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but ... losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more. [sic]"
Despite this, the sincerity of Roseanne's apology has since been widely questioned, after they re-tweeted a series of supportive messages.
And the American star - whose sitcom returned to TV screens in March following a 21-year hiatus - has thanked their followers for their "kind words".
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 15 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
BEIJING, April 13 China's iron ore imports rose 12.2 percent in the first quarter of the year versus the same period a year earlier to 271 million tonnes, Chinese customs said on Thursday.
Copper imports in the period were down 19.9 percent on year at 1.15 million tonnes. (Reporting by Chen Yawen and Beijing monitoring team; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
April 28 Cerved Information Solutions SpA:
* Q1 revenues: EUR 97.8 million ($106.45 million), up 10.5 pct compared to EUR 88.5 million in the first quarter 2016
* Q1 adjusted net income: EUR 22.8 million, up 17.1 pct compared to EUR 19.5 million in the first quarter 2016
* Confirms its strategic outlook as communicated to the markets on May 10, 2016, in which it presented indications for the period 2016-2018
* Q1 net profit EUR 13.6 mln versus EUR 8.4 mln year ago Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9188 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Corrects after Senate president's office corrects date when bill will be submitted, to April 25, not April 24)
ABUJA, March 30 Nigeria will send its petroleum industry governance bill to the Senate for consideration on April 25, a spokesperson for Senate President Bukola Saraki said on Thursday.
The bill is the latest step in a decade-long attempt to reform the country's oil sector. (Reporting by Camillus Eboh and Alexis Akwagyiram; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Susan Fenton)
FILE PHOTO: The company's logo is seen at the headquarters of Swiss biotech company Actelion in Allschwil, Switzerland January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
FILE PHOTO:Bottles of Johnson's baby oil, made by Johnson & Johnson, are seen on a supermarket shelf in Seattle, Washington, U.S., February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren
ZURICH Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) declared its $30 billion tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion (ATLN.S) successful on Friday, reporting it controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period.
The price of the offer, which J&J announced on Jan. 26, was $280 per share for Actelion. It said it expected the transaction to close in the second quarter.
J&J has said it intends to delist Actelion, while a new research and development company being spun out of Actelion, to be called Idorsia and led by Actelion founder Jean-Paul Clozel, will have a separate Swiss listing.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; editing by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi)
By Rohan Smith
Humiliating, sexual, racist acts have been uncovered inside an Australian street fundraiser business. This is the depressing life of a charity collector.
A former chugger engaged by Appco Australia says staff members who beg for spare change on the street were paid as little as A$5 (NZ$5.40) an hour. When they didn't meet sales targets, things got much worse.
Among the punishments doled out by superiors were shaving moustaches to look like Adolf Hitler, smoking cigarettes that were previously inserted in the rectums of employees and performing simulated sex acts in front of other staff.
So ingrained was the culture that staff even dished out their own punishments. One particularly disturbing anecdote involves one colleague licking another colleague's underwear after it had been worn for an entire day.
Tyrone Corbett, 25, was engaged by the now under-siege Appco business, which is at the centre of one of Australia's biggest ever class action lawsuits.
They told news.com.au the things they witnessed were beyond belief. They didn't report them because they were afraid to.
"Probably the cigarette situation or the underwear licking (was the worst thing I've seen)," they said.
"For not hitting targets, one punishment for the salesperson was to shove a cigarette up their bottom, pull it out, and smoke it. This happened to the one-person several consecutive days; I think the only reason they kept returning was because of how hard it was to find full time work, and because they had a hope that the promises made to them when they were recruited would come through.
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Date set for tight election race Small Business: Helping you keep a record of your jewellery - GemLab Your views: Readers letters'
The questionable culture filtered through after work too. Mr Corbett highlighted two instances where colleagues dished out their own punishment.
"Later, for not hitting targets on a separate road trip, (the same employee) was forced to shave off their moustache into a 'Hitler 'stache' and try to hit targets that next day.
"The underwear licking was the result of a 'double or nothing' bet between two (colleagues). "What happened was we were discussing how disgusting the driver's seat of (one consultant's) car would be; their hygiene levels were not the greatest. So, when two consultants were playing a video game, one suggested a bet; 'Whoever lost the game has to lick the driver's seat of their car.'
"When the game was over, the person who lost said 'Double or nothing'. What's double licking the driver's seat? After a short discussion, it was established firmly in their minds that meant to lick the underwear that this certain consultant had been wearing all day. They lost again and so had to fulfil theirs bet.
"For each of these things, if I hadn't seen it myself I wouldn't believe that that was how it had happened. They're all so bad and so unrealistic that they could be part of a comedy sketch. A sick and twisted sketch, but a comedy nonetheless."
Mr Corbett's comments come a day after the ABC's 730 program revealed new, embarrassing footage for Appco.
The leaked footage showed chuggers in pseudo sex scenes while colleagues stood around and egged them on. In one scene, three colleagues surround one man, thrusting themselves in their direction.
It's part of a bigger headache for Appco Australia, which is staring down a lawsuit filed in Federal Court on behalf of 700 claimants to the tune of A$85 million.
Mr Corbett, who worked for the company in Hobart for three months when they were 22, told news.com.au it was the most miserable workplace he's ever been a part of. And he's worked for other charity organisations before.
They said they were underpaid by Appco and worked long days for as little as A$80 a day.
"Working for Appco was incredibly draining. There were long days with not much pay, and, when you're told that you're paid what you're worth, most days we would leave feeling quite down about ourselves.
"We needed copious amounts of caffeine and loud music to pump us back up to our normal level. But when every day takes a little bit more out of you, it really adds up and eats into your happiness."
APPCO CONTESTING RESPONSIBILITY IN COURT
The class action against Appco takes into account underpayments and a number of the rituals staff were allegedly forced to do, including simulated sex acts.
Rory Markham from Chamberlain Law Firm is leading the charge on behalf of those who feel victimised by the organisation.
In a statement released to news.com.au, they said "claimants span across the entire country, with 27 per cent of individuals from NSW, 20 per cent from Victoria, 19 per cent from Queensland, 9 per cent from Western Australia, South Australia and the ACT respectively, and 3 per cent from Tasmania", where Mr Corbett worked.
"The average profile of each claimant is an individual aged 22 years who have worked in the Appco business for 44 weeks and for 67 hours per week. The individual would have earned a total commission payment of A$387 per week but would then need to have paid work expenses of between A$60 and A$140 per week.
"The individuals claim values identified in the class action to date range from A$469.19 through to an individual who has lost A$632,292.94."
They will allege in Federal Court that Appco's engagement of young people "constitutes sham independent contracting or sole trader arrangements resulting in under payment of wages, totalling up to A$85m".
'WELL-INTENTIONED BUT IMPROPER'
On Wednesday, Appco Australia released a statement on the matter. A spokesperson told news.com.au that at the heart of the court case is the suggestion that Appco "employs" its fundraisers. They said that is simply not true.
"This ... is hotly contested by Appco, which maintains that it requires the independent marketing companies to engage the fundraisers as independent contractors in full compliance with the law," they said.
"Appco Australia does not employ or directly contract independent contractors. Appco Australia stipulates in its contracts with all independent marketing companies that they must comply with all legal obligations around the engagement of independent contractors."
The statement promised Appco will "terminate its contract" with any marketing company that "promotes or tolerates offensive or inappropriate activities amongst its contractors".
The statement acknowledged there were problems with subcontractors in the past.
"In some of the 60 (approx.) businesses that it subcontracts to provide services to Appco Australia's clients, there may have been motivational games that, while well-intentioned, crossed the line into improper behaviour.
"Any such activities were conducted without the knowledge, permission or encouragement of Appco Australia. These activities have now been banned and represent a breach of contract with Appco."
News.com.au has specifically asked Appco to respond to allegations of inherent cultural problems.
Chamberlain Law Firm argues Appco "must accept that it has a real problem".
"No reasonable person could say that simulated sexual acts or slug like rituals on poor performing staff are 'fun or motivational' exercises," Mr Markham said. "These rituals have occurred in QLD, South Australia, NSW, Tasmania and the ACT."
Mr Corbett agrees. They say the time for change is now.
"I feel like the company is on the edge of something. They've used and abused too many people, and those of us who have been used and abused are only now realising how strong we are when we band together."
- news.com.au
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as they pass the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain's FTSE 100 .FTSE ended little changed on Thursday with mining stocks providing the most support, while stocks trading without their dividends weighed on the market.
The benchmark index edged down 0.06 percent as several heavyweight stocks went ex-div: Old Mutual (OML.L), Schroders (SDR.L), Smith & Nephew (SN.L), and Prudential (PRU.L) fell between 1.2 percent and 1.7 percent.
However, the mining sector - boosted by strong metals prices - provided support. Glencore (GLEN.L), Rio Tinto (RIO.L) and Anglo American (AAL.L) gained between 1 percent and 2.3 percent.
Also dragging on the FTSE, SSE (SSE.L) shares fell 1.5 percent after the energy supplier said dividend cover for its 2017/18 financial year would be at the lower end of guidance.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE.L), fresh from disappointment over a planned merger with Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) being scuppered by the EU antitrust regulator, was up 0.8 percent.
"While a takeover of LSEG is not central to our positive thesis, we acknowledge that industry consolidation and the takeover potential should provide valuation support and is helpful to our positive thesis," RBC analysts said in a note, resuming coverage of the stock with an "outperform" rating.
Among other gainers, Ashtead (AHT.L) rose 2.4 percent after Liberum initiated coverage of the construction equipment rental company with a "buy", saying rental penetration in the U.S. market would drive growth for its North American segment, which contributes 86 percent of revenue.
"The upside potential from increased rental penetration in the U.S. market is yet to be fully reflected in Ashtead's share price, in our view," Liberum analysts said.
Among standout mid-cap movers, Petra Diamonds (PDL.L) surged 9.7 percent after it refinanced its debt, while RPC (RPC.L) slumped 7.7 percent with one trader saying a lack of detail over its guidance disappointed investors.
Small-cap Carr's Group (CARRC.L) dropped 17 percent, its worst losses for 16 years after the agriculture and engineering firm cut its expectations for full-year performance.
Analysts said the market was waiting for Britain to set out its plan for converting EU laws into domestic law in a White Paper later on Thursday, and EU Council President Donald Tusk to give negotiating guidelines to the 27 member states by Friday.
Investors called for a renewed focus on fundamentals ahead of the long Brexit process.
"We have got a minimum of two years, and realistically much longer, to figure out how it all falls into place," said Ian Williams, economics and strategy analyst at Peel Hunt.
"We are in completely uncharted territory, many things can change. So from an equity standpoint all you can do is take a step back and look at your companies, and at the macro picture."
(Additional reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Louise Ireland)
By Precious Nicholas
UNITED Labour Congress of Nigeria, ULC, yesterday in Lagos, asked the Federal Government to name those behind the ghost workers said to have been uncovered by President Muhammadu Buhari-led All Progressives Congress, APC, government.
Reacting to President Buhari Democracy Day speech, ULC in a statement through its President, Mr. Joe Ajaero, berated the government over alleged insensitivity to the plight of Nigerian workers, expressing shock that the President did not deem it necessary to mention the issue of national minimum wage that workers had been clamouring for.
According to ULC, “the President's address on Democracy Day fed us with the discovery of thousands of ghost workers and the billions of Naira saved in the process.
“While this is good if it is not the usual propaganda, we believe government should go beyond that and show us the faces of the people behind the ghost workers syndrome.
“If there are ghost workers, there will be those benefiting from it, there will be accounts receiving such funds. There will be Bank Verification Number, BVN, associated with such accounts and, ultimately, there will be names linked with such BVNs.
“We believe that for the anti-corruption battle to have any meaning, this government must identify such individuals and prosecute them in the courts of law.”
April 20 Metanor Resources Inc
* Metanor reports operational results for the quarter ended March 31st 2017
* Metanor Resources Inc- Gold production of 9,442 ounces during quarter
* Metanor Resources Inc- Gold sales of 10,881 ounces during quarter
* Metanor Resources Inc - Metanor revised its objective to produce between 33,000 and 36,000 ounces of gold during current year
* Metanor Resources Inc - For Barry property, Metanor will continue drilling within area of Barry open pit to increase its mineral resources
* Metanor Resources Inc - "Additionally, Metanor is increasing drilling in barry camp from one to three drill rigs" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Kolapo Olusola Campaign Organisation (KOCO), the campaign organization of the Ekiti State Deputy Governor and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) governorship candidate, Prof Kolapo Olusola has described the persistent blackmail of heads of federal agencies in the State by the Progressives Congress (APC) as a sign that “the party is already smelling defeat in the July 14 election and now desperately lying against credible Nigerians, who may have refused to be compromised.”
KOCO, which reacted to the APC's allegation of “mutual liaisons in night meetings” between Governor Ayodele Fayose and the Ekiti State Coordinator of the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC), Mrs Nwanu Eze Ukagha, said; “If they like, they can engineer the transfer all heads of federal agencies here in Ekiti, they can't transfer the people of Ekiti that will vote against them on July 14.”
In a statement issued on Wednesday, by its Director of Media and Publicity, Lere Olayinka, the campaign organization said it was the height of wickedness and hatred for Nigerians working as heads of federal agencies in Ekiti State to be placed at the receiving ends of the APC bitter politics at all times.
Olayinka said; “They have written petitions against almost everyone working in federal agencies in Ekiti State. The federal radio, police, DSS, NTA, Civil Defense, NYSC have not been spared by the APC desperadoes who are always willing to compromise the integrity of everyone and the moment you refused to be compromised, they raise petitions against you.
“It is on record that seeing the deplorable condition of the NYSC orientation camp at Ise-Emure when they visited the camp in February 2017, they openly promised the release of N20 million naira for the renovation of the camp. Kia Cerato car for your state coordinator. The governor also donated a Kia Cerato to be used as official car by any NYSC Director posted to the State.
“Apart from official donations to the NYSC, the Director never derived any personal benefit from Governor Fayose.
“We are however not unmindful of the possibility that in their usual characteristic, the APC must have tried to induce the NYSC Director with money to do their biddings and the woman refused, thus prompting the blackmail.
“Therefore, it is our advice that the APC should go beyond writing petitions to call for the transfer of heads of federal agencies in Ekiti. They can go ahead and engineer the transfer of offices and buildings of the agencies, that won't prevent the APC from being defeated.
“Most importantly, the APC can transfer all the over 10,000 youth corps members in Ekiti State and bring new ones from anywhere or wherever, as long as the people of Ekiti, who are the ones that will vote on July 14 are not transferred, APC's failure remains certain.
“They can even bring President Muhammadu Buhari to head all the federal agencies put together, that won't prevent the APC from suffering another 16 – 0 defeat.”
Results Exceeded Expectation as Diamond CBD's Robust Product Line was Showcased at the World's Largest and Most Trusted Counter-Culture Trade Show
FT. LAUDERDALE, FL--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - PotNetwork Holdings, Inc. (OTC PINK: POTN) is pleased to announce that the Company's subsidiary, Diamond CBD, upon showcasing its top quality consumer products featuring premium Cannabidiol (CBD) hemp oil at the Las Vegas CHAMPS Show having taken place from February 7 through 9th, 2017, concluded with outstanding results, boasting purchase orders reaching upwards of a quarter million dollars.
Drawing exhibitors, entrepreneurs, and enthusiasts from across the country, this massive event is designed to enable vendors to unveil and market the industry's newest cutting-edge products to distributors, wholesalers and retailers. The CHAMPS Trade Shows have been a staple in the counterculture industry for eighteen years, continually experiencing growth as the market continues to evolve.
With approximately 700 booths and a robust crowd of inquisitive patrons, the CHAMPS Trade Shows are widely recognized as the largest and most trusted counterculture trade show in the world. Since 1999, CHAMPS has hosted premier exhibitors in the industry and draws industry leaders, retailers and consumers in the thousands from all over the globe.
Justin Darman, Vice President of Sales stated: "We are confident that the time and effort invested into building our brand and creating a presence in the marketplace will result in great success for the company and its shareholders." They concluded: "We firmly believe that the greatest potential for a high level of success is when timing and opportunity meet. At this infancy stage in the industry, it's evident that as well as we are doing now, our growth potential here can still be exponential."
As similarly experienced with the recently announced Surf Expo event, which also engaged substantial interest, this show was instrumental in the advancement of the Company's objective for strengthening market exposure, establishing new relationships and accepting purchase orders. Diamond CBD has strategized to bring the growing product line into the limelight where brand recognition can be established among industry professionals, distributors, retailers, media and the public.
In an effort to be fully transparent and resourceful, Management has opted to keep investors updated on current industry developments through regular updates to the Corporate website and other public forums. In respect of Regulation Fair Disclosure, material news will be disclosed through publicly disseminated announcements. However, shareholders are strongly encouraged to stop by the site regularly, whereas updates on the advancing industry and corresponding operations are expected to be posted frequently.
About Diamond CBD:
Diamond CBD Inc. is an organization focused on the advanced research and development of the industry's finest premium hemp extracts and making them available to the global marketplace. The Company's notable team, consisting of hemp industry pioneers and natural product experts, chemists, and scientists, is dedicated to producing the finest and purest Cannabidiol (CBD) oil. The Company formulates advanced product quality to market through the team's creation of diverse and top quality hemp extracts that contain a broad profile of cannabinoids and other natural hemp derived molecules, resulting in a robust selection of industrial hemp derived Diamond CBD oils considered among the most powerful natural CBD E-Liquids on the market. For more information, please visit the website at www.DiamondCBD.com.
About the CHAMPS Show:
CHAMPS Trade Show is widely recognized as the largest and most trusted counterculture trade show in the world. Since 1999, CHAMPS has hosted the premier exhibitors in the industry and draws buyers in the thousands from all over the world to attend. For more information about CHAMPS Trade Shows, please visit the company on the web at www.champstradeshows.com.
About PotNetwork Holdings Inc:
PotNetwork Holdings Inc. (OTC PINK: POTN) is a publicly traded company with two wholly owned subsidiaries, Sunrise Auto Mall Inc. and First Capital Venture Co. and its wholly owned subsidiary Diamond CBD. First Capital Venture Co. through its wholly owned subsidiary, Diamond CBD is a progressive organization focused on the advanced research and development of the industry's finest premium hemp extracts and making them available to the global marketplace. The Company's notable team, consisting of hemp industry pioneers and natural product experts, chemists, and scientists, is dedicated to producing the finest and purest CBD oil. For more information, please visit the website at www.DiamondCBD.com.
Safe Harbor Act: Forward-Looking Statements are included within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, including words such as "anticipate," "if," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "could," "should," "will," and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements and involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. We are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
STOCKHOLM May 2 Measurement technology and software firm Hexagon posted first quarter core earnings roughly matching market expectations on Tuesday and said PPM, its division which relies most on the oil industry, had had another weak quarter.
The Swedish group posted an operating profit, adjusted for non-recurring items, of 175 million euro ($191 million), up from 161 million in the year-ago period, and ahead of a 172 million euro forecasts in a Reuters poll.
Like-for-like sales grew 3 percent in the quarter, in line with analyst forecasts. ($1 = 0.9161 euros) (Reporting by Johannes Hellstrom; editing by Niklas Pollard)
April 10 Damf Inwestycje SA:
* Following capital increase of the company Patro Invest sp. z o.o. acquires 62.3 million series E shares of nominal value 0.1 zloty ($0.03) per share
* The company informed about the issue of series E shares on Oct. 10 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9988 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A marijuana plant is seen in Smith's Falls, Ontario, March 19, 2014. REUTERS/Blair Gable
OTTAWA The Canadian government will introduce on Thursday legislation to legalise marijuana for recreational purposes, a source familiar with the matter said on Monday.
The Liberal government made legalizing recreational marijuana part of its successful 2015 election campaign and had said it would introduce legislation this spring.
The source declined to be identified given the sensitivity of the situation.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr and David Ljunggren; Editing by Richard Chang)
Feb 2(Reuters) - Yoshimura Food Holdings KK
* Says it plans to buy a Nagano Ken-based firm, which is mainly engaged in manufacture and sales of freeze-dried products, for 200 million yen in total
* Transaction date on March 1
* Says it will acquire 162,000 shares of the Nagano Ken-based firm through a private placement, for 405 million yen
* Payment date on March 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/eQfNam
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON British counter-terrorism police said on Friday they had thwarted an active plot after a woman was shot during an armed raid on a house in north London in the second major security operation in the British capital in the space of a few hours.
Armed counter-terrorism officers using tear gas stormed a house in the Willesden area of the capital on Thursday evening which had been under surveillance, shooting a woman in their 20s.  They are said to be in a serious but stable condition in hospital.
Asked if police had foiled an active plot, Neil Basu, Senior National Coordinator for Counterterrorism Policing, replied: "Yes".
In a separate incident only hours earlier, a man was arrested carrying at least three knives near Prime Minister Theresa May's office in Westminster during another operation by armed counter-terrorism police.
The 27-year-old, who was being monitored by British intelligence agents and police, remains in custody.
"Due to these arrests that we have made, I believe that we have contained the threats that they posed," said Basu, adding it had been "an extraordinary day in London".
Both incidents occurred just over a month after a British-born convert to Islam ploughed a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, killing four people, before stabbing to death a police officer who was in the grounds of parliament. The man responsible, Khalid Masood, was shot dead at the scene.
Basu said six people had been arrested in the Willesden operation, five at the house and another in Kent, in southeast England. The shot woman has not been arrested and Basu said their condition was being closely monitored and the independent police watchdog had been informed.
"The armed entry was necessary due to the nature of the intelligence we were dealing with and involved armed officers firing CS gas into the address," Basu said. Searches at three houses were continuing, they added.
KNIVES
Meanwhile police are continuing to question the man who was detained in a dramatic stop-and-search operation on Parliament Street, a stone's throw from the parliament building, May's office and government departments.
No one was injured in the incident and photographs showed three knives on the ground where they were arrested.
Sources familiar with the investigation told Reuters the man was Khalid Omar Ali from London.
The sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Ali had been on board the Mavi Marmara, part of a flotilla which was challenging an Israeli naval blockade of the Gaza Strip when it was intercepted by the Israeli Defence Forces in May 2010.
Basu said the suspect was being questioned on suspicion of terrorism offences and two properties were being searched in connection with the investigation.
A Western security source told Reuters the man was on the radar of counter-terrorism officers and the domestic intelligence agency MI5 before their arrest.
Since August 2014, Britain has been on its second-highest alert level of "severe", meaning an attack by militants is considered highly likely. Senior officers said the security services had thwarted 13 terrorism attempts in the last four years shortly before the deadly Westminster Bridge incident.
"Activity continues around the clock to identify and stop these threats and we are making arrests on a near daily basis," Basu said.
(Additional reporting by James Davey in London and Mark Hosenball in Washington, editing by Guy Faulconbridge/Jeremy Gaunt)
Britain Football Soccer - Norwich City v Brighton & Hove Albion - Sky Bet Championship - Carrow Road - 21/4/17 Norwich City John Ruddy celebrates after Brighton's David Stockdale scores an own goal and the second goal for Norwich Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
LONDON Sebastien Bassong and John Ruddy are among five internationals released by Championship side Norwich City, the club said on Tuesday.
Defender Bassong, 30, who has won 15 caps for Cameroon, and goalkeeper Ruddy, who played once for England in 2012, are among seven players let go by the Canaries, who are eighth in the table.
Also released are Democratic Republic of Congo midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu, Scotland full back Steven Whittaker and 58-cap striker Kyle Lafferty, who scored seven goals in Northern Ireland's qualifying campaign for Euro 2016.
Norwich are restructuring their squad following their relegation from the Premier League in 2016.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson, editing by Ed Osmond)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - A massive landslide caused by a cloudburst swept two buses off the road into a gorge in India's northern Himachal Pradesh state , killing more than 40 people, an official said.
Rescuers recovered 47 dead bodies on Sunday before search operations were called off. No other passengers were known to be missing, Krishan Kumar, a public relations officer at the National Disaster Response Force, told Reuters.
"We will do a confirmatory search tomorrow morning," Kumar said. "But reports suggest all the bodies have been recovered."
The incident happened in the Mandi district, 431 km (268 miles) north of New Delhi on early Sunday morning, local media reported.
President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the best way to keep secrets from hackers is a huge air gap.
"No computer is safe," they told journalists gathered at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, a warning many computer security professionals would probably endorse.
[ For more, see Hacking the Election: Myths and Realities ]
Trump also shared their advice on managing data security risks. Forget switching to TLS or quantum key exchange: "If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier," they said, according to a report from Associated Press.
Trump's suggestion -- echoing their July 29 infosec advice for military commanders -- would put the biggest of airgaps around secret communications, ensuring that they could not be hacked into from afar. If they were to apply it to government communications, though, it would leave officials needing a veritable army of trustworthy little hands to carry messages.
The security -- or otherwise -- of email servers was a hot topic during the presidential election campaign, with Trump making much of opponent Hilary Clinton's use of a private server to host official government emails during their time as Secretary of State, and even encouraging Russian hackers to try to find emails they had deleted.
Despite this encouragement, Trump has been dismissive of allegations that Russia attempted to influence the election through hacking.
When U.S. President announced sanctions against Russia last week over attempts to hack the Democratic National Committee, Trump told reporters: "I think we ought to get on with our lives."
Trump has arranged to meet with U.S. intelligence officials to discuss the allegations next week, and said at the New Year's Eve event, that they want U.S. them "to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge."
Such allegations can be difficult to substantiate, they warned.
"I know a lot about hacking," they said, "And hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else."
RIYADH May 3 National Bank of Kuwait (NBK), the Gulf state's largest commercial lender, is expected to issue a senior unsecured dollar bond over the next few weeks, banking sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
NBK's bond will be of benchmark size, which usually means upwards of $500 million, said one of the sources.
The Kuwaiti lender was not available for comment.
Banks in the Gulf Cooperation Council region are considering debt issues to comply with international regulations on capital adequacy ratios and to cushion against high non-performing loan ratios caused by lower oil prices.
Citi, JP Morgan and NBK Capital are expected to be among the banks leading the transaction, the sources said.
The bank's last public debt sale was a $700 million capital-boosting bond with a perpetual lifespan issued in 2015. That bond was arranged by HSBC, Standard Chartered, Citi, National Bank of Abu Dhabi and NBK Capital.
Last month NBK reported an 8.1 percent rise in its first-quarter net profit to 85.4 million dinars ($281 million) which it said was due to higher net interest income and income from Islamic financing as a result of strong growth in business volumes.
NBK is the highest rated bank in the Middle East, according to its website, with ratings of A+ by Standard & Poor's, AA- by Fitch and Aa3 by Moody's. ($1 = 0.3040 Kuwaiti dinars) (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
U.S. President Donald Trump holds a joint news conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
WASHINGTON An environmental group sued President Donald Trump's administration on Thursday over the repeal of a U.S. rule intended to protect wildlife, in the first court challenge to a law being used by Republicans to ease federal regulation.
In February, the Republican-controlled Congress used the Congressional Review Act, or CRA, to dismantle a rule that the administration of former Democratic President Barack Obama finalized in August to limit hunting on federal lands in Alaska.
The rule had exempted wolves and bears from Alaska's plans to control predators, which included killing wolves and their pups in their dens and shooting bears from planes.
The CRA only requires simple majorities in the House of Representatives and Senate and the president's signature to wipe newly minted regulations off the books.
In the federal court lawsuit, which likely has little chance of success, the Center for Biological Diversity said the CRA violated the U.S. Constitution because it barred regulators in the future from enacting "substantially similar" rules to the ones repealed.
“The Congressional Review Act throws the balance of power out of whack and opens the door for politicians in Congress to meddle in decisions that ought to be made by experts at federal agencies,” said Collette Adkins, a biologist and attorney at the center.
“By law the Fish and Wildlife Service must protect biological diversity on Alaskan wildlife refuges. But the act makes it more difficult for agency officials to carry out their legal duty,” they said in a statement.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The CRA, drafted in 1996, has a structure and language that abide by what the U.S. Supreme Court said in the case INS v. Chadha, likely making it constitutional, said Karl Manheim, professor of law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles.
Since Feb. 1, Trump has signed 13 congressional resolutions repealing rules on the environment, education, gun control, corruption and family planning. Most advocacy groups that had tried to block the resolutions said this week they were not intending to file similar suits.
"Unfortunately I don't think there's an avenue for courts to overturn a CRA resolution," said Alison Zieve who works in litigation for the liberal Public Citizen group.
(Additional reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Peter Cooney)
MELBOURNE The Australian Rugby Union must protect the nation's five Super Rugby teams even if it means forging a new competition with sides from New Zealand and Asia and limiting South Africa's involvement, former ARU Chairman Peter McGrath has told Reuters.
During their tenure from 2007-12, McGrath oversaw the introduction of Australia's fifth side, the Melbourne Rebels, into Super Rugby in 2011, five years after Perth-based Western Force joined the tournament.
Neither of the expansion sides have made the playoffs and have proved a heavy financial burden for the ARU.
Super Rugby's governing body SANZAAR has flagged changes to the competition's unwieldy 18-team format but kept them under wraps pending 'final consultations' with stakeholders, prompting speculation that at least one Australian team could be cut.
Prominent former Wallabies players and media pundits have argued that Australia has neither the funds nor the depth of talent to field five teams, but McGrath said turning back the clock was not the answer.
"I think it's absolutely fundamental that we keep five teams and the ARU should be ensuring that," the Canberra-based lawyer told Reuters in an interview.
"I disagree totally that we don't have enough talent. I believe we do have enough talent.
"People need to take a back seat and ask 'What's in the best interests of Australian rugby?' The other (SANZAAR) unions from New Zealand, South Africa and Argentina will be doing exactly the same."
The Super Rugby competition, which was already a sprawling tournament of long-haul flights between South Africa and Australia and New Zealand, grew even bigger last year with new teams from Japan and Argentina coming on board.
The shake-up also included the introduction of a confusing conference system that critics have blamed for lowering the standard of competition.
ALARM BELLS
McGrath said that if Australia could not afford five teams in the current format it should set up a new tournament with New Zealand and Asian sides in a more friendly timezone and only involve South African teams during the playoffs.
It might mean forgoing some broadcast dollars due to South Africa's reduced involvement but the cost savings would make it viable, said the 62-year-old.
"There was some work done on that, as far back as 2009," McGrath said, referring to a study.
"While the revenue was definitely down, costs were dramatically down.
"My understanding was that it would be quite viable. With Asian teams in the mix, even more so."
Since the Sydney-based New South Wales Waratahs won the 2014 title, the Australian conference has struggled to match the dominant New Zealand sides in recent seasons.
The gap between the nations has never been more glaring, with Australia holding a 0-11 record against New Zealand opponents over the six weeks of the current season.
McGrath, a former chairperson of the Canberra-based ACT Brumbies during their championship winning days in 2001 and 2004, rejected the idea that Australia lacked the talent to compete with New Zealand and felt the current struggles were cyclical to some extent.
"These things come and go. It wasn't that long ago that people were saying there are too many New Zealand provinces in the competition," they said.
"There was always one franchise over there that was struggling."
But they admitted the gap would be ringing alarm bells in ARU headquarters, while the Australian teams' failure to win or even play an "attractive" brand of rugby would hardly attract new fans in a crowded sport market dominated by rugby league and the indigenous Australian Rules football.
There would also be no quick fix to turning Australia's fortunes around but pointing fingers at the weaker expansion sides would do little to help the cause.
"Of course (the critics) would be happy if we kept just New South Wales and Queensland, wouldn't they?" they said.
"That's how they work. Honestly, let's move forward instead of backwards. The bottom line is we've got five teams.
"And they can't retain the same level of funding from the broadcaster with less product.
"If we want to be competitive, ultimately we have to work together."
(Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Watch a woman get their hand stuck in a toilet.
A woman in Texas recently moved into a new place and didn't have a plunger yet. So when their toilet got clogged last week they tried to unclog it by just reaching their HAND in there. And it got STUCK, so they had to call the fire department.
May 3 HAFSLUND ASA:
* HAFSLUND - RESULT FOR Q1 2017: ON A PAR WITH PREVIOUS YEAR'S RECORD RESULT
* Q1 EBITDA NOK 940 MILLION VERSUS NOK 971 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q1 PROFIT AFTER TAX OF NOK 473 MILLION (NOK 491 MILLION IN Q1 2016) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Newfield Exploration Co
* Newfield Exploration reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.73
* Q1 revenue $417 million versus i/b/e/s view $425.5 million
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.57
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Newfield exploration co - company's 2017 capital budget was increased to approximately $1.1 billion
* Newfield Exploration Co - raised its mid-point estimate for q4 average domestic production by approximately 5,000 boepd to 160,000 boepd
* Newfield Exploration Co - mid-point for 2017 domestic guidance was raised more than 4,500 boepd to 148,600 boepd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, the Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal have reported.
President Donald Trump on Friday declassified a memo spearheaded by the California Republican that alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The GOP memo claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations -- including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application, and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
"Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials," the memo alleges.
But according to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and their supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairperson.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 12 Sandmartin International Holdings Ltd
* Legal adviser has on 10 april 2017 received a summons under action number hcmp 284 of 2017 filed by plaintiffs against defendants
* Reference is made to announcements of company respectively dated 29 november 2016
* Pursuant to summons 1, plaintiff applies for an order that co to refrain from further pursuing open offer until it obtains necessary validation order
* Co's legal adviser has on 10 april received a summons under action number hcmp 284 of 2017 filed by plaintiffs against defendants Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
LONDON, April 13 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - People living in arid, drought-ridden areas may soon be able to get water straight from a source that's all around them — the air, American researchers said Thursday.
Scientists have developed a box that can convert low-humidity air into water, producing several litres every 12 hours, they wrote in the journal Science.
“It takes water from the air and it captures it,” said Evelyn Wang, a mechanical engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and co-author of the paper.
The technology could be “really great for remote areas where there's really limited infrastructure”, they said.
The system, which is currently in the prototype phase, uses a material that resembles powdery sand to trap air in its tiny pores. When heated by the sun or another source, water molecules in the trapped air are released and condensed — essentially “pulling” the water out of the air, the scientists said.
A recent test on a roof at MIT confirmed that the system can produce about a glass of water every hour in 20 to 30 percent humidity.
Companies like Water-Gen and EcoloBlue already produce atmospheric water-generation units that create water from air. What is special about this new prototype, though, is that it can cultivate water in low-humidity environments using no energy, Wang said.
“It doesn't have to be this complicated system that requires some kind refrigeration cycle,” they said in an interview with the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
An estimated one third of the world's population lives in areas with low relative humidity, the scientists said. Areas going through droughts often experience dry air, but Wang said the new product could help them still get access to water.
“Now we can get to regions that really are pretty dry, arid regions,” they said. “We can provide them with a device, and they can use it pretty simply.”
The technology opens the door for what co-author Omar Yaghi called “personalised water”.
Yaghi, a chemistry professor at University of California, Berkeley, envisions a future where the water is produced off-grid for individual homes and possibly farms using the device.
“This application extends beyond drinking water and household purposes, off grid. It opens the way for use of (the technology) to water large regions as in agriculture.”
In the next few years, Wang said, the developers hope to find a way to reproduce the devices on a large scale and eventually create a formal product. The resulting device, they believe, will be relatively affordable and accessible. (Reporting by J.D. Capelouto; editing by Alex Whiting.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
March 28 VTB:
* Net profit in 2M 2017 increased 10 times to 20.4 billion roubles ($357.73 million) compared to net profit of 2.1 billion for 2M 2016
* In 2M 2017, net interest income was 72.9 billion roubles, up 14.4 percent year-on-year
* In 2M 2017, net fee and commission income grew 6.0 percent year-on-year to 12.3 billion roubles
* Total provision charges amounted to 19.4 billion roubles in 2M 2017, down 36.8 percent yoy
* The NPL ratio was 6.6 percent of total gross loans as of Feb 28, 2017, up 20 bps year-to-date
* The NPL coverage ratio was 104.4 percent (31 December 2016: 104.6 percent) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.0261 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
NEW YORK, April 13 Ukraine has partnered with global technology company the Bitfury Group to put a sweeping range of government data on a blockchain platform, the firm's chief executive officer told Reuters, in a project they described as probably the largest of its kind anywhere.
Bitfury, a blockchain company with offices in the United States and overseas, will provide the services to Ukraine, CEO Valery Vavilov said in an interview on Wednesday.
Ukraine's blockchain initiative underscores a growing trend among governments that have adopted the technology to increase efficiencies and improve transparency.
Blockchain is a ledger of transactions that first emerged as the software underpinning digital currency bitcoin. It has become a key global technology in both the public and private sector given its ability to permanently record and keep track of assets or transactions across all industries.
Ukraine and Bitfury are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding on Thursday, Vavilov said.
Though Vavilov said they were unable to estimate the cost of the project, they said it was the biggest government blockchain deal ever so far. It involves putting all of the Ukraine government's electronic data onto the blockchain platform.
"A secure government system built on the blockchain can secure billions of dollars in assets and make a significant social and economic impact globally by addressing the need for transparency and accountability," said Vavilov.
There are other countries that have started blockchain programs, but they are smaller in scope involving one or two sectors, such as land titles and real estate ownership. Countries that have launched blockchain programs include Sweden, Estonia, and Georgia.
"This agreement will result in an entirely new ecosystem for state projects based on blockchain technology in Ukraine," Oleksandr Ryzhenko, head of the State Agency for eGovernance of Ukraine, said in an emailed response to Reuters questions.
"Our aim is clear and ambitious -- we want to make Ukraine one of the world's leading blockchain nations."
Ukraine's deal with Bitfury will begin with a pilot project to introduce blockchain into the country's digital platform. The areas being explored for the pilot project are state registers, public services, social security, public health, and energy, Vavilov said.
Once the pilot is complete, the blockchain program will expand into all areas, including cybersecurity.
This is Bitfury's second government blockchain project. In April last year, Bitfury signed an agreement with Georgia to pilot the first blockchain land-titling registry. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Tom Brown)
April 28 Volkswagen Ag
* Volkswagen's Skoda Auto says it will introduce its new SUV model Karoq on May 18 in Stockholm
* Skoda says it will start selling Karoq in the second half of this year For more news click on (Prague Newsroom)
April 3 Sinopipe Holdings Ltd
* Proposed Disposal Of Shares And Equity Interests By Sinopipe, Best Connect, Eagle Super And One Sea
* Co together with its units, entered into a sale and purchase agreement on 31 March 2017
* Consideration for proposed disposal shall be rmb10 million
* Deal with fujian yatong construction material limited
* Principal subsidiary of company, fujian atontech, has to pursue options to continue as a going concern
* Proceeds of proposed disposal of rmb10 million shall be used to settle outstanding professional fees for proposed disposal
* Net loss accruing to company from proposed disposal as at 31 december 2016 is approximately rmb95.6 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PNBC calls on faith-based organizations and all people of goodwill to help organize, strategize, and mobilize against hate, racism, and oppression and for freedom and justice for all.
Contact
Linda Peavy
***@lipav.com Linda Peavy
End
-- The Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. (PNBC) condemns the violence that took the life of Heather Heyer, and injured other anti-protestors who rallied against the "Unite the Right" march of the KKK, white supremacists, and white nationalists in Charlottesville, VA.Now, two days later, President Donald Trump speaks against the specific hate groups responsible for the violence. When you stand on the side of righteousness and peace, there is no room for hesitancy in doing the right thing and naming racism, and all groups who condone it, for what it is…evil.The PNBC was born out of the Civil Rights Movement and continues the fight against those who would deny human freedoms. The PNBC is calling upon not only churches, but also, the entire faith-based community to unite against what is now a wide-open onslaught against decency, diversity, and civil liberties in America. Dr. James C. Perkins, PNBC President states, "History is calling us to do what our forefathers and foremothers did in their time—stand up with courage and be the voice of the voiceless in the fight for justice in all three branches of government, including the White House."These rallies of hate are coming to a neighborhood near you. As followers of Jesus Christ, we must be prepared to resist evil and take collective action for justice. We cannot forget Ephesians 6:12 that proclaims:PNBC will be active in the ongoing campaign to address systemic and structural barriers that keep our communities from thriving, including racism and poverty. As we prepare to do God's work, we are emboldened by the Gospel of Luke 4:18-19a that states:"The Spirit of the Lord is on me because they have anointed me to proclaim good news to the poor. They have sent me to proclaim freedom for the prisoners and recovery of sight for the blind, to set the oppressed free, to proclaim the year of the Lord's favor."This is our call and the PNBC welcomes other faith-based organizations and all people of goodwill to join us as we organize, strategize, and mobilize against hate, racism, and oppression and for freedom and justice for all.About PNBC - PNBC was founded in 1961 to give full voice, sterling leadership, and active support to the American and world fight for human freedom. U. S. membership consists of approximately 1.5 million people. Visit www.pnbc.org
April 6 Australian shares are expected to fall on Thursday, following Wall Street, which ended lower after the Federal Reserve signaled it could change its bond investment policy this year. Gold stocks are likely to come under pressure as gold fell overnight after strong U.S. jobs data boosted the U.S. dollar but losses were limited after Fed minutes were released. The local share price index futures fell 0.3 percent, or 16 points, to 5,843.0, a 33.197-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark closed 0.3 percent higher on Wednesday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was down 0.2 percent at 7,251.02 in early trade. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Suhail Hassan Bhat in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish)
RIYADH A Saudi woman claiming they sought asylum in Australia was stopped on a layover in the Philippines and returned to Riyadh on Wednesday.
Dina Ali Lasloom said in self-recorded videos the Philippine authorities had held them at the Manila airport and confiscated their passport. The videos circulated widely on social media over the last two days.
"My name is Dina Ali and I'm a Saudi woman who fled Saudi Arabia to Australia to seek asylum," they said in one video, adding they feared violence from any relatives who came to bring them back home.
"Please help me. I'm recording this video to help me and know that I'm real and I'm here."
The woman did not say why they sought refuge abroad and the authenticity of the videos could not immediately be verified.
The Saudi embassy in Manila issued a statement on Wednesday calling the case a "family matter" and added without elaborating that they had "returned with their relatives to the homeland."
Philippine authorities did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment.
In Saudi Arabia, women are legally subject to a male guardian, who must give their approval for basic decisions on education, marriage, travel and even medical treatment.
Saudi authorities have over the last decade granted new opportunities for women to study and work. But women are still barred from driving and must obey a strict dress code requiring that they wear loose robes when in public.
CARRIED ONTO FLIGHT
Meagan Khan, a Canadian tourist, told The Australian newspaper after landing in Bali that they had allowed Ali to use their phone to post the videos on Twitter.
Ali began to cry when two men whom they identified as relatives arrived at the Manila airport, Khan told the paper.
Saudi activists said Ali was forced onto a Saudi Arabia Airlines flight from Manila to Riyadh on Tuesday night.
They did not emerge at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh after the flight landed early Wednesday morning, but multiple passengers told Reuters they had seen a woman being carried onto the plane screaming.
"I heard a lady screaming from upstairs. Then I saw two or three men carrying them They weren't Filipino. They looked Arab," said one Filipino woman, who declined to give them name.
A rare gathering of about 10 Saudi activists appeared in the arrivals area of the Riyadh airport around midnight on Wednesday, after a hashtag began circulating on Twitter urging people to "receive Dina at the airport."
One of them, a 23-year-old medical student named Alaa Alanazi, appeared to have been detained after approaching airport security about the case.
Them sister, Nada, said airport officials told them Alanazi had been sent to a police station in central Riyadh, but said they were unable to confirm their sister's whereabouts.
Reuters could not immediately reach security officials for comment.
Saudi authorities brook little public dissent and frequently detain activists on charges of undermining social cohesion and participating in demonstrations.
(Reporting by Katie Paul, editing by Larry King)
(Corrects first paragraph to show the fuel prices were in effect from March 1 and adds fourth paragraph to show the new prices will be in force until new prices are issued for April)
DAR ES SALAAM, April 3 Tanzania's energy regulator raised maximum retail prices of petrol and diesel effectively from March 1, citing higher international costs for both crude and refined products and a weaker local currency, a move expected to put upward pressure on inflation.
Fuel prices have a big effect on the east African country's inflation rate, which rose to 5.5 percent year-on-year in February from 5.2 percent the previous month.
The Energy and Water Utilities Regulatory Authority (EWURA) raised the retail price for petrol by 5.18 percent and the price of diesel by 2.76 percent.
The monthly fuel cap prices will remain in force from March 1 until new prices are issued for April.
EWURA said the hike in retail prices were caused by "increases of world oil market prices, increases of bulk procurement system premiums and the continued depreciation of the Tanzanian shilling."
The regulator hiked the price of petrol in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam by 102 shillings a litre to 2,060 shillings while the price of diesel was up by 51 shillings to 1,913 shillings.
Kerosene prices remained unchanged at 1,852 shillings per litre. (Reporting by Fumbuka Ng'wanakilala; Editing by George Obulutsa)
March 31 Stemcell United Ltd:
* Proposes to issue upto 1 million securities by way of a placement
* Issue price or consideration of $1.00 per note Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Policemen examine a damaged Ferrari at the home of the late Red Bull founder Chaleo Yoovidhaya in Bangkok, Thailand September 3, 2012. REUTERS/Stringer/File Photo
BANGKOK Thailand's prosecutor's office on Thursday again postponed a hit-and-run indictment against an heir to a founder of the Red Bull energy drink over a 2012 incident in which a police officer died.
For the eighth time in the past year, Vorayuth Yoovidhya missed a scheduled appointment to be formally charged and taken to court by Thai prosecutors. This time because they were "away for business in England," a spokesperson for the office told a news conference.
Vorayuth's lawyer declined to comment.
The case is being closely followed in Thailand, where there is a widespread belief that the rich and famous are treated more leniently by the legal system.
Prayut Bejraguna, deputy spokesperson of the Office of the Attorney-General, said Vorayuth's appointment had been postponed to April 27.
"We are aware of the urgency to deliver justice," Prayut said. "In principle, we will certainly carry the case through before charges expire."
Police accuse Vorayuth of running their Ferrari over a motorcycle police officer and leaving them in the road. Vorayuth initially faced four charges for the incident, but two have been dropped.
Vorayuth faces possible indictments for hit-and-run and for reckless driving causing death. They could be jailed for more than 10 years if found guilty of both.
No arrest warrant has been issued.
The hit-and-run charge would expire in September if there is no prosecution by then. The reckless driving charge will not expire until 2027.
(Reporting by Aukkarapon Niyomyat and Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Randy Fabi)
BEIRUT/WASHINGTON Iran and the United States traded barbs over the landmark 2015 nuclear deal on Thursday, with the U.S. leader accusing Tehran of not living up to the spirit of the accord and Iran's top diplomat urging Washington to fulfil its own commitments.
The exchange came a day after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent a letter to Congress saying Iran was in compliance with the nuclear deal but raising questions about Tehran's role in sponsoring terrorism in the region.
Tillerson accused Iran of "alarming ongoing provocations" to destabilise countries in the Middle East and said the Trump administration had launched a review of its policy towards Tehran that will include the 2015 nuclear deal.
In the first reaction to Tillerson's remarks from a senior Iranian official, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, who tweeted that the United States should "fulfil its own commitments."
Asked at a news conference in Washington whether they thought Iran was abiding by the nuclear agreement, President Donald Trump criticized the accord, saying it was a "terrible agreement" and Tehran was doing a "tremendous disservice" to the deal.
"Iran has not lived up to the spirit of the agreement and they have to do that," Trump said, adding that the administration was "analysing it very, very carefully" and would have more to say about it soon.
Under the nuclear deal, the State Department must notify Congress every 90 days on Iran's compliance under the so-called Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). Tillerson's letter on Wednesday was the first such notification since Trump took office.
In their tweet, Zarif also addressed Tillerson's terrorism charge: "Worn-out US accusations can't mask its admission of Iran's compliance w/ JCPOA."
Iran helped to create and continues to fund Hezbollah, the Lebanese military and political organisation which the United States has listed as a terrorist organisation.
Both Iran and Hezbollah are currently fighting in support of Syrian President Bashar al Assad's forces. Iran has also sent military advisers and fighters to neighbouring Iraq, where they are taking part in the Baghdad government's operations against Islamic State.
The historic deal between Iran and six major powers restricts Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of international oil and financial sanctions against the Islamic Republic.
The Trump administration's inter-agency review of policy towards Iran will examine whether the lifting of sanctions against Tehran is in the U.S. national security interests.
(Reporting by Babak Dehghanpisheh, David Alexander; editing by Gareth Jones and Cynthia Osterman)
* Silver falls from four-week high * Dollar index rises to nine-day peak (Updates prices; adds comment, byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Zandi Shabalala NEW YORK/LONDON, March 30 Gold dipped on Thursday as the dollar strengthened, but losses were capped by continuing economic uncertainty around Britain's departure from the European Union and approaching French elections. The potential for the rise of the far right in European elections this year, along with British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggering divorce proceedings from the EU on Wednesday has served to enhance gold's appeal as a safe-haven investment, negating some of the effects of a strong dollar. "We might see support from the French elections if the first round surprises us by the results being better than expected for (far right leader) Marine Le Pen. That might give a little bit of a boost for gold," said Bernard Dahdah, a precious metals analyst at Natixis. Spot gold was down 0.5 percent at $1,245.41 an ounce by 1:54 p.m. EDT (1754 GMT) and U.S. gold futures settled down 0.7 percent at $1,245. "The market seemed to take the notification of the (triggering of) Article 50 in the UK relatively smoothly, but I suspect the worst is yet to come on that," said ANZ analyst Daniel Hynes. "But certainly, there was a tiny bit of safe-haven buying." The dollar rose to a nine-day high against a basket of currencies on Thursday. A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, potentially lowering demand. The dollar was also boosted by Chicago Fed President Charles Evans, who said they were in line with most of their colleagues in supporting further interest rate increases this year. "The market has priced in two interest rate increases this year, but if we see three there could be downside pressure towards gold prices," said ETF Securities analyst Nitesh Shah. Still, RBC Capital Markets sees support for bullion prices. "Whether a good indicator or not, we think the U.S. healthcare legislation saga led the market to at least partially rethink the prospects of broad reforms across tax, trade, and other economically relevant policies in the U.S.," RBC said in a note. "Between this and the UK triggering Article 50, we think there are plenty of risks on both sides of the Atlantic in 2017 to keep gold supported at current (or somewhat higher) levels despite a number of otherwise bearish macro headwinds." In other precious metals, spot silver slipped 0.2 percent to $18.16 an ounce, having hit a four-week high of $18.29. Platinum turned down 0.06 percent to $950.95, while palladium was up 0.8 percent at $796.50. (Additional reporting by Arpan Varghese and Swati Verma in BENGALURU; Editing by David Goodman and Tom Brown)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Firefighters search for the bodies of civilians who were killed after an air strike against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq, March 22, 2017. Picture taken March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Firefighters search for the bodies of civilians who were killed after an air strike against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
Major General Abdul Ghani al-Asadi, a commander of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) walks at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
A member of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) walks at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
A member of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) stands at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
A member of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) walks at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
Members of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) stand at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
MOSUL, Iraq/BAGHDAD Crouching in their Mosul home, Abu Ayman suddenly felt the ground rock as if struck by an earthquake when a massive explosion tore through their street, filling the room with dust and shattered glass. Then came the screams and cries from next door.
Their account describes horrific scenes after the blast that may have killed more than 200 people on March 17, as the battle to recapture Iraq's second city from Islamic State advances though the cramped and densely populated western districts.
Running outside, Abu Ayman said, they saw several houses on the street flattened and severed limbs scattered in the rubble. Frantic residents scrambled to pull relatives out of the collapsed homes, where they had sheltered from bombardments.
"I ran to my next-door neighbour's house and with others we managed to rescue three people, but at least 27 others in the same house were killed, including women and children of relatives who fled from other districts," they said.
"We pulled some out of rubble, using hammers and shovels to remove debris. We couldn't do anything to help others as they were completely buried under the collapsed roof."
The risk of civilian casualties in western Mosul was always high as Iraqi government forces and their allies stage the assault. Tens of thousands of residents are trapped in homes around the Old City, where local people say jihadist fighters are using them human shields or herding them into buildings as cover.
U.S.-led military commanders supporting the Iraqi forces acknowledged on Tuesday that a coalition strike probably played a role in the civilian deaths in the al-Jadida district, but said Islamic State could also be to blame.
Exactly what happened on March 17 remains far from clear, but if confirmed those high casualties would mark the worst loss of Iraqi civilian life in a single incident since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion, and risk damaging the Shi'ite-led government's efforts to keep the war from alienating Mosul's Sunni population.
Coalition officials said there were air strikes in the vicinity of the al-Jadida blast that day. But Iraqi officials have been more cautious, suggesting there was no evidence a strike hit the collapsed building, which they say may have been rigged with explosives by Islamic State.
Reuters spoke to several eyewitnesses at the scene of the al-Jadida blast, where rescue workers were still pulling bodies from the wreckage on Wednesday, hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and the threat from Islamic State drone bombs.
The slow recovery may partly explain why casualty figures have varied considerably. Rescue efforts started only days after the explosion. One health official of Nineveh province, whose capital is Mosul, said 250 bodies had been recovered by Tuesday night. That differs from earlier Iraq military figures of 61.
Local residents and eyewitnesses say Islamic State fighters were in and around the al-Jadida area the day of the explosion as they battled with Iraqi forces. Air strikes began to target Islamic State positions to clear the way for troops, they said. Several blasts hit the area behind the local hospital.
"We were locked inside our houses as bombing intensified. The air strikes targeted four streets just behind Rahma hospital and Fathi mosque," Abu Ayman said. "A few fighters were moving from house to house, using the holes they made before to avoid detection from the air."
Residents describe the explosion that flattened or damaged at least one large building and other homes around six tight alleyways.
"It was a black Friday," said Ahmed Obeida, another eyewitness. "It started with a huge blast that shook the walls of my house followed by series of blasts. We waited for three hours and after the bombing stopped, I went outside and saw that many houses were destroyed. We entered one house and saw body parts, legs and heads in the rubble."
ONLY LARGE BASEMENT
Investigators were still looking on Wednesday into whether the families were forced into the buildings that collapsed by Islamic State to cause civilian casualties deliberately or whether they had fled there, seeking shelter as they were caught up in the street-by-street fighting.
One local official and an eyewitness said families and relatives from other districts appeared to have packed into one building because it had a large basement that would safely hold many people.
"I saw fleeing families entering the large house, taking shelter in the basement. It was two-storey house and is the only one in the neighbourhood with a large basement," said a local resident. "We started to hear blasts getting closer and suddenly I felt my house was about to collapse. It was a very powerful blast. I couldn't believe we were still alive."
Hassan Yassin, who fled from al-Jadida along with thousands of displaced residents, also said the blast happened in a crowded area near the Fathi mosque. "People were all sheltering in basements, looking for a place to hide. It was a random bombardment," they said.
But other accounts from local officials offer a different view of why the residents were packed into one building.
Ghazwan al-Dawoodi, head of the Nineveh human rights council, said their team had made a field visit, finding that militants had forced residents into a bunker, and opened fire on helicopter gunships to provoke a coalition airstrike.
Two eyewitnesses described how Islamic State, known in Arabic by its opponents as Daesh, had parked a truck packed with explosives next to the building. The vehicle may have gone up in an air strike, prompting the structure to collapse.
"I can assure that Daesh brought a truck and parked it in the street next to mine. I saw it with my own eyes but never thought it was packed with explosives," said Obeida. "It's really heartbreaking to see neighbours killed in an instant. Why? What did they do to deserve such a tragic end?"
Coalition officials say that although they may have played a role in the explosion, Islamic State was also likely have had a hand in the blast in an attempt to cause civilian casualties and slow the use of air strikes.
One intelligence officer from the federal police told Reuters their force gives coordinates for air strikes but it cannot call in strikes if officers know civilians are there. They said they use surveillance drones to help in targeting.
Iraq's military command has also blamed the militants for rigging a building with explosives to cause civilian casualties, but some local residents and witnesses have little doubt it collapsed due to an air strike.
"After the bombing stopped, I went outside to see what happened and I was stunned to see the house was flattened," said eyewitness Sameer al-Taie. "Neighbours were hysterically shouting for help but we didn't have anything to remove the large blocks of concrete to rescue people. We heard faint voice asking for help from nearby houses but then the voices disappeared."
(Writing by Patrick Markey; editing by David Stamp)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
European shares slip on oil drop, weak US data
LONDON, June 14 European shares pulled back on Wednesday, as energy stocks fell on tumbling crude prices and banks were hit after weak U.S. data raised questions over future rate hikes in the world's biggest economy.
March 29 Immunovaccine Inc:
* Immunovaccine announces positive interim clinical data from ovarian cancer study of DPX-survivac in combination with epacadostat
* Immunovaccine Inc - based on interim analysis, combination therapy appears to have an acceptable safety profile
* Immunovaccine - at time of interim analysis, 3 of 4 patients exhibited stable disease, while fourth patient continued to progress and discontinued trial
* Immunovaccine Inc - expects to complete enrollment and issue topline data by end of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Security forces arrested eight Nubian youth from the Nubian Return Caravan early on Monday, while they were on their way to arrange a rally in western Aswan, Mohamed Azmy, head of the General Nubian Union in Aswan told Daily News Egypt.
”The youth were heading to western Aswan in rejection against the state decision to revoke Nubian ownership of 138 lands in western Aswan,” Azmy said.
The youth are currently held at the Aswan police station. Azmy stated that the police wanted to make a deal with the protestors in order to release them in exchange of suspending scheduled protests by hundreds of Nubians against the issue.
If the protesters rejected the deal, they would face fabricated accusations that would include charges of assaulting police officers, they continued.
In late November, the caravan suspended a four-day protest, following an agreement with the cabinet to give the government a chance to fulfill the Nubians' demand. Later on 19 November, a caravan of 25 microbuses carried dozens of Nubians from different governorates across the country and protested in villages that are at the heart of the dispute.
The caravan aims at discussing a law in parliament to resettle Nubians in their original lands and giving the land back to them. These lands were originally owned by Nubians but taken by the state.
CTV Vancouver
The only man convicted in the 1985 Air India bombings has been allowed to move out of their halfway house, one year after being released from prison.
The decision was made late last month by the Parole Board of Canada, which credited Inderjit Singh Reyat for embracing strong anti-violence views since the notorious terror attacks that killed 331 people – though psychologists have warned those views could disappear under the wrong circumstances.
"According to psychological assessments your risk to re-offend is low, however if there were a threat to your Sikh cause, your risk for future… group violence is high," the parole board's Jan. 26 decision reads.
There's no information to suggest their cause is currently under threat, it adds.
Reyat has also demonstrated no desire to re-establish contact with their co-accused, against whom they have steadfastly refused to testify, according to the board.
"There have been no police concerns since your release, and the High Risk Target Team is supportive of the removal of your [halfway house] condition," the board wrote in its decision.
Reyat, who provided bomb parts used in the attacks, is serving a seven-year sentence for perjury for repeatedly lying in the Air India trial.
They were granted statutory release into a halfway house in January 2016. The location was never disclosed to the public.
They were previously convicted of manslaughter, possession of a restricted weapon, possession of explosives, making an explosive substance with the intent to cause an explosion, and other counts in connections with the bombings, for which they were sentenced to 15 years behind bars.
Despite their release last month, they remain under several conditions, including that they avoid extremist propanda and people they have reason to believe are involved in extremism, crime or politics.
 They are also barred from making any contact, direct or indirect, with their victims' families.
Reyat must undergo mental health counselling to address "violence, empathy and cognitive disorders, and is prohibited from possessing components that could be used to build explosive devices.
With files from The Canadian Press
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
FILE PHOTO: A hotel is seen against a backdrop of mountains in the Red Sea resort of Eilat, near the Taba border crossing between Israel and Egypt October 27, 2011. REUTERS/Nir Elias/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Children play in the Red Sea at the resort city of Eilat, Israel August 19, 2011. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
JERUSALEM Israel's booming economy has made the shekel soar, local prices rise and travel fans compare what their money can buy and come to the conclusion - it's time for a vacation abroad.
A few years ago, the average Israeli family might have gone abroad once a year. But with the European Union now allowing budget airlines to operate to and from Israel, and more money in people's pockets, getting away has become much easier.
"Prices are 20 percent higher in Israel, that's why people prefer to go abroad," said Sana Lavi, deputy chief executive of the online travel site Daka 90. "We now see people are going abroad two or three times a year."
Over the past 18 months, the shekel has gained about eight percent against the dollar, 12 percent against the euro and 20 percent against the British pound, making euro-zone Europe and Britain particularly attractive destinations.
"There are too many reasons for an Israeli to go abroad," said Nahum Kara, vice president of marketing and sales at Isrotel, Israel's leading luxury hotel chain. "You don't need to be an economist to come to that conclusion."
Government figures show there were 6.8 million departures by Israelis going overseas last year, up 15 percent on 2015. Since 2012, the number has risen 62 percent.
At the same time domestic prices, particularly for hotels and leisure activities, have risen sharply. They are now unaffordable for many Israelis, whose household incomes remain towards the lower end of OECD averages.
A five-day stay in June for a family of four at a spa hotel in Eilat, Israel's Red Sea resort, will cost around $3,000, while the equivalent stay at a five-star hotel in Cyprus will cost around $1,000, according to online agents.
"The Israeli sitting at home thinking 'where should I go on vacation without any deals, Eilat or Cyprus?' Of course he'll go to Cyprus," said Henry Jakubowicz, general manager of iBookIsrael, another travel booking website.
The number of foreigners visiting Israel continues to grow steadily - arrivals were up around 22 percent year-on-year in March - but visitors are spending less.
"People looking for a five-star experience in Israel have started searching for lower categories because the shekel is so strong," said Jakubowicz.
The growth in foreign visitors means the domestic hotel industry can cope with this downsizing now, but rising costs means their margins are narrowing.
Tourism is a significant driver of Israel's economy, contributing about 40 billion shekels ($11 billion) to gross domestic product each year and employing around 200,000 people.
Passover, the Jewish holiday that falls this week, is usually a popular time for people to go away. Complaints about high local prices become so widespread that radio stations have held call-in shows to discuss the problem.
"I can get more dollars for my shekels abroad," said Itay Talmor, 30.
(Editing by Luke Baker and Tom Henegha)
SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc sold fewer iPhones than expected in the first three months of the year, but that bare statistic hides an important bright spot for the company. The average selling price of an iPhone grew more than it has since the days of the iPhone 6.
Apple does not break out figures for how many of each model it sells, but executives pointed to the premium-priced iPhone 7 Plus, which sells for up to $969 fully loaded, as the key to boosting the amount it gets on average for each phone.
The average selling price of iPhones is important to Apple because the smartphone market is maturing and its growth slowing. Apple's ability to get more cash for each phone sold is critical to growing its profits.
"One of the things that we did not get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook told analysts on the company's earnings conference call on Tuesday, in response to a question about how supply of its top-end phone was constrained during the holiday shopping season.
"The demand was much stronger for the 7 Plus than we had predicted, and so it took us a little while to adjust all the way back through the supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred this past quarter."
The popularity of the iPhone 7 Plus model represents a triumph for Apple with a new departure: packing a unique feature into its most expensive iPhone.
The iPhone 6 Plus differed from its smaller sibling only in screen size, but the 7 Plus model has a physically different camera that enables what Apple calls "portrait mode" for taking shots with a blurred background - a feature more commonly found on large, expensive digital cameras.
It is a strategy Apple could use again. Many analysts believe the company will reserve certain features for the premium-priced model of its next, eagerly awaited iPhone - such as a higher-quality display - that could sell for more than $1,000.
So far, customers seem to be willing to pay more for the extra camera in the iPhone 7 Plus, which is one reason that Apple made slightly more revenue selling slightly fewer iPhones in the latest quarter than a year ago, for an average price of $656.
That price was 2 percent higher than 12 months ago, the best improvement in a year. During 2016, selling prices even went into a decline, year on year, during the iPhone 6s cycle after soaring on the release of the original iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which introduced larger screens to the Apple lineup for the first time.
"The important thing is the average selling price should not fall," said Anil Doradla, a research analyst with William Blair & Co. "I have full confidence that it won't. Apple just doesn't cut pricing to gain market share. It's not in their DNA."
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby)
A general view shows the buildings of the financial district of La Defense near Paris, France, November 8, 2016. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
PARIS Top French financiers will travel to the United States in May to try to attract U.S business to Paris following Britain's decision to quit the European Union.
Paris Europlace - an organisation representing French business and finance - said in its March newsletter published on Thursday that it would hold roadshows in Boston and New York on May 22 and 23 aimed at persuading U.S. finance companies to choose Paris as their European base.
The organisation said it had already held about 100 meetings with executives of large international banks as well as asset management, investment, insurance and fintech companies in London, New York, Shanghai and Tokyo and these had shown a "clear interest" in Paris.
Both France and Germany have stepped up efforts to try to replace London's traditional role as Europe's main centre of business, following Britain's vote for Brexit.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the EU on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and opening a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown.
French officials have already held events in London this year to try to lure financial jobs over to Paris, in the wake of the Brexit vote.
HSBC (HSBA.L), Europe's biggest bank, has said it could move a part of its operations to Paris, while the French capital's standing in the technology sector was also boosted by Facebook's (FB.O) decision this year to open its first ever start-up incubator in the city.
Paris' status as a major world city and capital of fashion and culture work in its favour, although analysts say France's strict labour laws could put off employers.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Adrian Croft)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
A car smashed into a pizza restaurant east of Paris late Monday, killing an eight-year-old girl and badly injuring six other people, the police said, adding that the driver had been arrested.
Investigators believe the act was “deliberate… but apparently has no connection with a terrorist act,” the public prosecutor's office in the town of Meaux said.
France has suffered a string of terror-related attacks, including the use of cars as weapons.
On August 9, six soldiers were injured after they were hit by a rented BMW in a western Paris suburb.
The suspect, a 36-year-old Algerian man, was later shot and wounded after a dramatic motorway chase.
17884554_ 439218046429537_ 5790644332925986466_ n
Media Contact
Mahshad
00971556180064
info@royalarmored.com Mahshad00971556180064
End
-- Royal Armoring vehicle is an armoured vehicle manufacturing company in Dubai. We sales good quality armoured or bulletproof vehicle without any quality compromise.Our mission is to make your drive safe and secure.We are Trying for protecting your lives and your Beloved ones.Currently, We have high talented teams for doing engineering works and high ended equipment, so we can give guarantees that Don't compromise on security and quality. it is with good price in the market.We also provide shipping of Your products to wherever you want.The Products AreArmored SUVSuitable and most opted for day to day personal/ business routine. Exterior view leaves no clue of armouring for any random spectator. Choose yours from a wide range of Armored SUV from Royal Armoring Company.Armored SedansArmored SedansBeing the fact that Sedan cannot hold on Armour / armoured components, our production team gears up to be extra cautious overweight ensuring ISO standard process to give you performance matching to that of factory vehicle.Armored Buses and Armored TrucksWe are also giving armoured in buses and trucks.Security is something that should never be taken for granted, nor compromised, especially when it comes to protecting the life of people and other valuable assets.Armored Cash In Transit .Safe transportation of cash and valuables with 360° surrounded surveillance. Crafted in excellence to meet the custom requirements of personal serviceFor More Visit
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
Architectural Glass & Cladding Pty Ltd, a cutting-edge supplier of bespoke, high performance façade products, has now introduced Reynodual®
Lend Lease has used over 22,000m2 of Reynodual for their Toorak Park Development
Media Contact
Architectural Glass & Cladding
61755232335
***@agcproducts.com.au Architectural Glass & Cladding61755232335
End
-- Constant innovation in materials technology is a hallmark of the building industry.Nowhere is this more important than in minimising fire risk in high-rise, commercial and industrial buildings. Architectural Glass & Cladding Pty Ltd, a cutting-edge supplier of bespoke, high performance façade products, has now introduced Reynodual®, the 'new' aluminium composite material of the construction industry offering a solution to the fire threat as happened in the Lacrosse apartment fire.Reynodual® is the first coil-coated double sheet aluminium panel for façades with high technical, visual and environmentally friendly requirements.Utilising a 2 x 1.5mm skin it is more resilient and robust than previous aluminium composites and offers the possibility of creating complex shapes for an attractive and creative appearance.Reynodual® guarantees good wind resistance and meets the stringent fire-protection requirements of AS1530.1, EN-13501-1, class A2. This makes it ideal for façade projects such as high-rise, industrial and public buildings.The team at AG&C has 20 years experience in the façade and glass industries. Sales and Marketing Manager, Paul Nipperess, said that AG&C not only offers products but solutions to complex applications that others usually avoid."We can provide optimal solutions to building owners by supplying products with unique aesthetic qualities, thermal and energy efficient values, insulation against noise as well as a broad range of sustainable products," Paul said. "We are especially excited about the Reynodual® product. It has been tested and approved by the CSIRO to meet all current fire safety standards including AS1530.1."Lendlease has been one of the first to select the revolutionary new non-combustible Reynodual® as the exterior cladding for its latest project, Toorak Park in Melbourne."Lendlease will utilise 22,000 m2 of Reynodual® which will be installed by Cladding Systems Pty Ltd of Thomastown, Victoria," Paul said. "Reynodual® offers a range of colour finishes and Toorak Park will take full advantage of this with 11 different colours and finishes. It will be an outstanding example of the versatility of the product. Damian Hogan, owner of Cladding Systems commented to me how easy it was to work with Reynodual®."For more information contact:Architectural Glass & Cladding Pty Ltd, Suite 17 'Wharf Central' 75 Wharf Street, Tweed Heads NSW 2485, phone 07 5523 2335, email info@agcproducts.com.au ( mailto://info@ agcproducts.com.au Published in January 2017 edition of the Australian National Construction Review available online here ( https://issuu.com/ ancr/docs/australian_ national_construct... ).
FILE PHOTO: Ajit Pai, Chairman of U.S Federal Communications Commission, delivers their keynote speech at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 28, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
WASHINGTON The chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission said on Monday they are proposing to end a 2013 regulatory proceeding that had sought to lift the ban on mobile phones on U.S. airlines.
The FCC said in 2013 that it would consider allowing air travelers to make mobile phone calls but never finalized it.
"I stand with airline pilots, flight attendants, and America's flying public against the FCC's ill-conceived 2013 plan to allow people to make cellphone calls on planes. I do not believe that moving forward with this plan is in the public interest," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement.
Pai needs the backing of the two other commissioners for the 2013 proposal to be formally abandoned.
In 2013, the FCC said special equipment could be installed on planes to allow in-flight calls and said it had already been deployed successfully in other countries without incident.
The FCC under then chairperson Tom Wheeler said there were "no
technical reasons to prohibit such technology to operate" but proposed leaving it to airlines whether to allow mobile phone calls.
In 2013, Pai said Wheeler's proposal would likely require airlines to become commercial mobile radio station carriers to offer in-flight calling.
The U.S. Transportation Department said in December that it was considering allowing passengers to make in-flight calls using Wi-Fi. The agency also sought comment on whether it should ban all voice calls on all U.S. flights.
Last month, major airlines said the Trump administration should delay action on the in-air mobile call proposal as it reviews other pending regulatory issues.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
April 13Hubei Dinglong CO Ltd :
* Says it will pay 1 yuan per 10 shares to shareholders and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 8 new shares for every 10 shares, as FY 2016 dividend payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/uq1LEr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc:
* Hikma enters into settlement agreement with Jazz
* Enters into settlement agreement with Jazz for sodium oxybate
* Announces that it has entered into a settlement agreement with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc
* Settlement that resolves patent litigation related to Jazz's xyrem® (sodium oxybate) oral solution, 500mg/ml product.
* Under settlement agreement, Jazz will grant Hikma, right to sell an authorised generic of xyrem® in us market commencing on 1 Jan 2023 or earlier under certain circumstances
* Initial term of AG arrangement is six months and Hikma has option to extend AG term for up to a total of five years.
* Jazz has also granted hikma a licence to market generic sodium oxybate pursuant to its anda at end of AG term.
* Hikma will pay Jazz a royalty on net sales of AG product, but will initially retain a meaningful percentage of net sales.
* Royalty rate paid to jazz will increase should AG term be extended beyond one year.
* Specific financial and other terms related to settlement agreement are confidential. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
March 31 Ocean Bridge Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue 4th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds, to raise 500 million won in proceeds for operations
* Maturity date is April 3, 2020, coupon rate is 0 percent and yield to maturity is 1.5 percent for the bonds
* Conversion price is 10,250 won/share and conversion ratio is 100 percent
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/Cd4K1Q
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 5 Amphenol Corp
* On april 5, issued, sold $400 million principal amount of its 2.200% senior notes due 2020, $350 million principal amount of 3.200% senior notes due 2024
* Intends to use all net proceeds of offering to repay all of its outstanding $375 million 1.550% senior notes due september 15, 2017
* 2020 notes were sold to public at price of 99.922% of principal amount, 2024 notes were sold to public at price of 99.888% of principal amount Source text (bit.ly/2nb7MeR) Further company coverage:
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Romanian championship Preliminary Round matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 FC Botosani 0 FCSB 3 Gaz Metan Medias 0 Universitatea Craiova 0 Saturday, December 9 CFR Cluj 1 ACS Poli Timisoara 0 FC Viitorul Constanta 3 Concordia Chiajna 0 Friday, December 8 Juventus Bucuresti 0 FC Astra 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 CFR Cluj 21 15 4 2 34 10 49 2 FCSB 21 13 5 3 43 14 44 3 Universitatea Craiova 21 11 7 3 34 22 40 4 FC Botosani 21 10 5 6 25 21 35 5 FC Viitorul Constanta 21 10 4 7 29 17 34 6 FC Astra 21 9 7 5 29 20 34 ------------------------- 7 Dinamo Bucharest 20 9 3 8 29 22 30 8 CSM Politehnica Iasi 20 7 6 7 23 26 27 9 ACS Poli Timisoara 21 6 7 8 18 30 25 10 Concordia Chiajna 21 7 2 12 28 28 23 11 FC Voluntari 20 5 7 8 18 23 22 12 Gaz Metan Medias 21 2 8 11 9 31 14 13 Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe 20 3 3 14 11 36 12 14 Juventus Bucuresti 21 1 6 14 11 41 9 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Relegation play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, December 11 Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe v CSM Politehnica Iasi (1500) Dinamo Bucharest v FC Voluntari (1800)
WASHINGTON, April 1 Roadside apartments, industrial lots and a trailer park in New Jersey counted among the sources of wealth for Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law, before they took up their new role as a senior White House adviser.
A lengthy financial disclosure form released on Friday by the White House, along with scores of others for senior White House staffers, showed the downscale New Jersey roots of the family business run until recently by Ivanka Trump's husband.
For instance, in the 12 months before they began their White House employment, Kushner made more than $2,500 in rental income from tenants of Union, New Jersey's Park Lane Mobile Home Park.
A small, industrial lot nearby brought in no more than $5,000. In the town of Wayne, New Jersey, Kushner disclosed ownership of a block of street-level apartments that returned more than $15,000, according to the paperwork.
Kushner's stakes in such holdings were among the smallest they reported. White House ethics officials said the legally required disclosure document gave a snapshot of the assets and positions Kushner held when they entered their new job as adviser to their father-in-law, and before they would have started selling assets that could pose conflicts of interest.
Kushner's 54-page report also included most of the assets and income of their wife. It covered scores of assets worth six- and seven-figures. The New York Times reported the couple's real estate and investment empire was worth as much as $741 million.
As reported, Kushner's property portfolio did not rival the collection of glitzy hotels, casinos and golf courses owned, controlled or licensed by the president.
But Kushner reported an interest in the Puck Building, a landmark in New York City. It was one of their most valuable holdings and delivered millions of dollars in income.
Kushner's grandfather anchored the family real estate business in northern New Jersey.
Their father, Charles, built that empire until 2004 when they pleaded guilty to 18 counts of tax evasion, witness tampering and making unlawful campaign donations and was sentenced to two years in prison. (Reporting by Patrick Rucker; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Tom Brown)
March 29 Euronext:
* Has noted EU antitrust regulators' decision to block LSE/Deutsche Boerse deal
* The LSE's clearing arm, LCH, is one of the world's biggest, and the exchange had agreed to sell its LCH's Paris arm to French bourse Euronext if the merger went ahead. That sale will now not happen, the LSE said.
* Euronext Chief Executive Stephane Boujnah said on Wednesday that it was still willing to buy the LCH clearing business. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Banco De Sabadell Sa:
* BRITAIN‘S TSB BANK APPOINTS RICHARD MEDDINGS AS CHAIRMAN, TO SUCCEED WILL SAMUEL
* BANK ALSO REPORTS RESULTS FOR YEAR ENDING DEC.31 2017
* TSB ADVANCED 7 BILLION POUNDS IN NEW MORTGAGE LENDING, UP FROM 6.6 BILLION POUNDS IN 2016
* CUSTOMER DEPOSITS GREW TO 30.5 BILLION POUNDS, UP 3.9 PERCENT
* OPERATING COSTS INCREASED 16.7 PERCENT YEAR-ON-YEAR TO 821.3 MILLION POUNDS
* STATUTORY PROFIT BEFORE TAX FELL TO 162.7 MILLION POUNDS, DOWN 10.6 PERCENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Emma Rumney)
March 30 Digitouch SpA:
* FY total revenue 27.0 million euros ($28.98 million) versus 24.3 million euros a year ago
* FY net profit 1.1 million euros versus 1.1 million euros a year ago
* The focus in 2017 is aimed at improving the profitability of the business by acting on revenues and reduction of costs Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9315 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MADRID - This time the feeling surrounding Barcelona was despair, not anger.
The Catalans are on the verge of Champions League elimination after being thrashed 3-0 by Juventus in Turin on Tuesday, and few believe lightning can strike twice.
Having pulled off the largest comeback in the competition against Paris St. Germain in the last 16, overturning a 4-0 first-leg deficit to progress 6-5 on aggregate, Barcelona must produce a similar result at home against Juventus next week if they are to reach the semi-finals.
Against the Parisians Barcelona always believed they had a chance of going through, with their wealth of experience against PSG's relative naivety, their top level stars against a young, promising, but erratic crop of players.
But Massimiliano Allegri's Juventus are a different proposition. Wily and hardened, the Old Lady refused to allow Barcelona room to breathe at the Juventus Stadium.
While in La Liga opponents sometimes sit back and watch Barcelona put on a show, partly out of respect and partly out of fear, Juventus displayed neither tendency.
Sami Khedira and Miralem Pjanic never allowed Andres Iniesta to get comfortable on the ball and Paulo Dybala made Javier Mascherano's life a nightmare.
Filling in for the suspended Sergio Busquets, Mascherano looked all of their 32 years against the whippet Argentine 23-year-old, who scored two goals in the first 22 minutes to rock the visitors.
Meanwhile at the back Juventus' old hands Giorgio Chiellini and Leonardo Bonucci refused to give Luis Suarez an inch of space and when the Uruguayan finally did get away from them, they dragged their only chance of the game wide of the far post.
Coach Luis Enrique seemed devastated after the match, with their chances of a final European hurrah before they leaf in the summer left in tatters.
"It doesn't matter if I consider the result fair or not, the first half was a shipwreck," they said. "It was almost like the third half of the Paris St. Germain game - which is serious, really serious ... I find it difficult to believe in the comeback today, more difficult than in Paris."
The fact Barcelona played better against Juventus than they did against PSG is not something they can take comfort from.
The Catalans knew they had a lot of room to improve after that defeat, but here they were not only outplayed and outfought, but also out-thought.
Allegri took advantage of the visitors' 3-4-3 formation and deployed Juan Cuadrado in an ocean of space on the right wing, with the Colombian setting up Dybala's opening goal. After Barcelona's triumphant 6-1 mauling of PSG, fans will still come to Camp Nou in their droves next Wednesday night, believing in their team.
But after their comprehensive destruction in Italy, it seems Barcelona themselves don't have faith in another "remontada".
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Property insurer expects London fire payouts to exceed 25 mln stg
OSLO, June 15 This week's fire in a 24-storey block of flats in London is expected to cost property insurers more than 25 million pounds ($31.8 million), Norwegian insurer Protector Forsikring told Reuters on Thursday.
April 20 Orange SA
* Orange's new banking service, dubbed Orange Bank, will first be offered to group employees from mid-May and then fully launched for customers on July 6, chief executive Stephane Richard said in a conference on Thursday.
* Orange Bank will eventually offer loans, insurance, group said in a statement Further company coverage: (Reporting by Mathieu Rosemain)
BERLIN, April 6 Britain and the remaining 27 members of the European Union should stay away from the 'cliff edge' of Britain falling back on World Trade Organisation terms of trade at the end of Brexit negotiations, Eurogroup chairperson Jeroen Dijsselbloem said.
"Let's try to minimise the damage," they said of Brexit, speaking at a banking conference in Berlin on Thursday.
Dijsselbloem, who said they would discuss Greece with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble while in Berlin, said the more they thought about Brexit, the more worried they became. They singled out financial stability as one area of particular risk.
Asked about "passporting" rights for Britain-based institutions to sell financial services in the EU single market after Brexit, Dijsselbloem replied: "I think, also talking to financial players from the City, that passporting won't be the answer. There will be different regimes for different sub-sectors of the financial sector." (Writing by Paul Carrel)
MEXICO CITY A Mexican judge has issued an arrest warrant for a former state governor from President Enrique Pena Nieto's ruling party on suspicion of embezzlement, the government of the northern border state of Chihuahua said on Tuesday.
Cesar Duarte, who governed Chihuahua for Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) between 2010 and 2016, is wanted for misappropriating public funds, said their successor as governor Javier Corral, a member of the opposition.
Corral, of the centre National Action Party, said in a message broadcast online they believed Duarte had fled to neighbouring Texas and would seek their extradition to Mexico.
"He's a fugitive of justice," Corral said, noting that three former Duarte administration officials had already been arrested.
Duarte was not immediately reachable for comment.
The PRI said late last year it was reviewing whether to take disciplinary action against Duarte following accusations by the opposition of fraud and corruption against him.
Duarte denied any wrongdoing.
Javier Duarte, an unrelated PRI politician who was governor of the Gulf state of Veracruz from 2010 and 2016, is also wanted for alleged corruption and is presently fugitive.
(Reporting by Lizbeth Diaz; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
April 28 Shenzhen Glory Medical Co Ltd
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 10 percent to 40 percent, or to be 91.5 million yuan to 116.5 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 83.2 million yuan
* Says that increased demand and market development as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/9gKMC4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31Kingsignal Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 0 percent to 20 percent, or to be 60.9 million yuan to 73.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (60.9 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/lPqijO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 29 T-Mobile US INC :
* Says starting tonight, pre-order Galaxy S8 at T-Mobile for $30/month
* Says pre-order for Galaxy S8 at $30/month on Un-Carrier's Equipment Installment Plan or at FRP $750
* Says Galaxy S8+ will also be available for pre-order for $30/month on Equipment Installment Plan or at FRP $850 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON How Britain's divorce negotiations with the European Union progress will decide whether sterling sinks possibly as low as $1.10 or bounces as high as $1.50 in the coming year, a Reuters poll of foreign exchange strategists found.
The pound GBP= is down well over 10 percent since the surprise referendum vote on June 23 to leave the EU, following a short-term move in the currency that was correctly predicted by Reuters polls. It was trading around $1.248 earlier on Thursday.
If the divorce negotiations turn fractious, sterling will fall to $1.17, according to the median view. Several analysts said it would sink to $1.10 -- a level not seen since 1985, just before the United States devalued the dollar.
Conversely if talks run smoothly, the median forecast was for it to bounce to $1.30 -- still below where it was trading at ahead of the June 23 referendum -- although one respondent said it would soar to $1.50.
"Sterling is not very closely linked to interest rate expectations at the moment -- it's really whether there is a soft or a hard Brexit driving sterling, and that is going to continue for a year or so," said Samuel Tombs at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 last week, starting a two-year countdown to Britain's departure from the EU, which it joined in 1973.
So far there is little clarity on what tone the talks will take, but concern over immigration from other EU member states was a major reason behind the leave vote and May has said they will respect those fears by halting freedom of movement.
Such a move would probably lead to denial of access to Europe's single market, hurting trade.
May has said "no deal is better than a bad deal" and that they are prepared to walk away from the talks. But a parliamentary committee said earlier this week May must prove that by offering an assessment of the economic impact of leaving the EU with no agreement.
RANGE-BOUND FOR NOW
According to the regular poll of over 60 foreign exchange strategists taken in the past week, sterling will trade between $1.22 and $1.24 in the next 12 months. Those medians were little changed from a March poll.
"While we believe headline risk will keep the market's bearish sterling bias intact this year, a stronger structural position supports our view of some sterling recovery in 2018," said Vassili Serebriakov at Credit Agricole.
Sterling is likely to come under pressure from interest rate hikes in the United States. The Federal Reserve is expected to follow up on a March increase with two more rises later this year while the Bank of England is not expected to move until 2019 at least. [FED/R] [BOE/INT]
Across the channel, the European Central Bank will also be maintaining its ultra-loose monetary policy stance for the foreseeable future and the euro faces its own headwinds in the coming months.
Elections in Germany and possibly Italy could harm the euro project while a win for the far-right National Front candidate Marine Le Pen in the French presidential race could precipitate an eventual end to the common currency altogether.
With French opinion polls suggesting Le Pen is unlikely to take up residence in the Elysee Palace, the Reuters poll found a shock victory for them would trigger an immediate 5 percent fall in the euro EUR= against the dollar. [EUR/POLL]
Medians show one euro EURGBP= will be worth 86.0 pence in a month and 88.0p in six months and a year, slightly more than predicted in the March poll. Earlier on Thursday a euro was worth 85.5p.
(Polling by Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Lisburn's Carl Phillips will make their debut in the MCE British Superbike Championship this year after signing for the Gearlink Kawasaki team.
The 24-year-old will step up to the elite class on the Nina ZX-10R after impressing with a series of solid results in 2017 in the National Superstock 1000 Championship.
Phillips teamed up with Isle of Man TT star Michael Dunlop last year to ride a Suzuki under the MD Racing banner and will continue to receive backing from the 15-time Mountain Course winner this season, who remains on board as a personal sponsor.
They tested the Gearlink Kawasaki at Donington Park last October and has now secured a dream ride for 2018.
The popular English team was rocked by tragedy following the death of Norma de Bidaph at the end of last year, who passed away after a long battle with cancer.
Norma ran the team with their husband Michael but Gearlink will continue in the British championship this year, with Phillips leading the line in the Superbike class and James Westmoreland competing in the Supersport championship.
In an exclusive interview, Phillips told the News Letter: “It's a dream come true for me and I have to pinch myself sometimes, but I'm going to be realistic about what to expect this year. I've always wanted the chance to race in British Superbikes but I know how hard it is going to be because there is so much depth to the field.
“There is no real pressure from the team and most of that will come from myself. I just want to keep improving and try and match the pace of the other rookies and maybe score some points throughout the year.
“For me, that would be fantastic and I'll be working as hard as I can to try and make sure that I stay in the class the following season,” they added.
“I'm already thinking about that and it's important to try and have a good crack at it.”
Phillips, who finished as the runner-up in the Superstock 600 Championship in 2016, previously rode for the Gearlink team during a one-off appearance alongside Andrew Irwin in the Supersport races at the Sunflower Trophy meeting at Bishopscourt at the end of 2016.
“After I rode the bike at the Sunflower Trophy in 2016 I always kept my nose in the door every weekend and kept in touch with Norma and Michael [de Bidaph],” they said.
“I'm friendly with Andrew Irwin and when they had the chance to go to World Supersport, they recommended me to the team and that's basically how it came about.
“At the final round at Brands Hatch, the rumour was going around that Andrew was heading to World Supersport and when I went and had a chat with Michael, they told me that there may be a chance of riding the Superbike this year and asked if I was interested,” added Phillips.
“Straight after the Sunflower I flew over to England and rode the bike at Donington, so I've already had a taste of what it's like.
“I did about 16 laps and I wasn't too far off what I did on the Superstock bike straight out of the blocks. I think the Superbike will suit me a lot better and the electronics seem to be the key difference.”
Phillips will test the Kawasaki at Brands Hatch on February 17 before taking part in the Pro Test at Cartagena in Spain.
“We're going testing in at Brands Hatch on February 17 and then we'll be heading to the Pro Test from March 3-5, so I'll have three solid days there,” they said.
“Michael [Dunlop] is back on board again this year and he's a sponsor of mine, so I'll be supported by MD Racing. Sandy McCutcheon is also involved with me again so everything has come together well.
“I'm so grateful to Norma and Michael de Bidaph for giving me this opportunity and I was really sad to hear about Norma's passing at the end of last year. It's a fitting tribute to their memory that the team will continue this season.”
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's domestically developed AG600, the world's largest amphibious aircraft, will make its maiden flight in late May from the southern city of Zhuhai, the official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday.
China has stepped up research on advanced military equipment as it adopts a more muscular approach to territorial disputes in places such as the busy South China Sea waterway, rattling nerves in the Asia-Pacific region and the United States.
The aircraft will take its first flight over land and then another on water in the second half of 2017, Xinhua said, citing its manufacturer, state-owned Aviation Industry Corp. of China (AVIC).
AVIC has spent almost eight years developing the aircraft, which is roughly the size of a Boeing 737 and is designed to carry out marine rescues and battle forest fires.
The aircraft has received 17 expressions of interest so far, Xinhua added. It has a maximum flight range of 4,500 km (2, 800 miles) and a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp :
* WABTEC ANNOUNCES ESTIMATE OF TAX REFORM IMPACT, PRELIMINARY 2017 4Q RESULTS
* Q4 GAAP EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.55
* Q4 REVENUE $1.1 BILLION
* SEES Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ABOUT $0.90 EXCLUDING ITEMS
* WABTEC - NET IMPACT OF U.S. TAX REFORM IN Q4 IS EXPECTED TO BE AN EXPENSE OF ABOUT $3 MILLION, OR ABOUT 4 CENTS PER DILUTED SHARE
* WABTEC - Q4 GAAP EARNINGS EXPECTED TO INCLUDE EXPENSES OF ABOUT $55 MILLION, OR ABOUT 57 CENTS SHARE, FOR REPATRIATION OF EARNINGS
* WABTEC - Q4 GAAP EARNINGS EXPECTED TO INCLUDE BENEFIT OF ABOUT $52 MILLION, OR ABOUT 53 CENTS SHARE, FROM REDUCED DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
* WABTEC- AT YEAR-END, COMPANY HAD A MULTI-YEAR BACKLOG OF ABOUT $4.6 BILLION, 2 PERCENT HIGHER THAN AT END OF Q3
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.95, REVENUE VIEW $999.6 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* WABTEC - Q4 GAAP EARNINGS ALSO EXPECTED TO INCLUDE CONTRACT ADJUSTMENTS OF ABOUT $24 MILLION, OR ABOUT 18 CENTS PER DILUTED SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New Delhi: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Monday decided to revoke the ban on the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) provided former IPL czar Lalit Modi stays away from its functioning.
"Yes, the ban on the RCA has been lifted but with certain conditions," BCCI acting President C.K. Khanna told shortly after the board's Special General Meeting here on Monday.
The RCA was suspended by the Indian cricket board in May 2014 when ex-Indian Premier League (IPL) Commissioner Modi was re-elected its president.
Since its suspension in 2014, RCA's cricket affairs are being looked after by the BCCI.
The RCA filed a suit against its suspension by the BCCI, to which the board had asked the association to withdraw all pending cases and not to involve the cricket board in any case.
The Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators (CoA) already dissolved the ad-hoc committee that was constituted to run the affairs in Rajasthan cricket, paving the way for the ban to go.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Several Fed officials see multiple rate hikes this year * U.S. seven-year note auction was stronger than expected (Adds comment, updates prices) By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss NEW YORK, March 29 U.S. Treasury debt yields slid on Wednesday in generally light trading, pressured by lingering uncertainty surrounding the Trump administration's economic policy. After the legislative debacle last Friday when President Donald Trump's fellow Republicans withdrew their own healthcare bill, investors worried about other reforms on their economic agenda that could get waylaid as well, such as taxes. "The ongoing political uncertainty and the whole Trump agenda have led people to doubt about what would come out next from the administration after the healthcare turmoil," said Kim Rupert, managing director of global fixed income at Action Economics in San Francisco. Treasury prices also got a lift from a stronger-than-expected auction of U.S. seven-year notes. Bidding for $28 billion of the seven-year notes was the strongest in four months, resulting in a yield of 2.215 percent. The ratio of bids to the amount of seven-year debt offered was 2.56, the highest since a ratio of 2.68 in November. This measure of overall auction demand was 2.49 in February. Indirect bidders, consisting of foreign central banks, accepted 71.1 percent, compared with 63.8 percent previously and a 64.9 percent average. Yields picked up a little bit after Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans said on Wednesday they support further interest rate hikes this year given progress on the Fed's goals of full employment and stable inflation. Evans, a voter on the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee, has been one of the consistent proponents of low interest rates. More comments from Fed officials supporting multiple rate hikes, such as Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren and San Francisco Fed President John Williams, had little impact on the market as both officials are non-FOMC voters. In late trading, benchmark 10-year notes were up 7/32 in price to yield 2.383 percent, down from 2.409 percent on Tuesday. U.S. 30-year bond prices rose 14/32 , yielding 2.989 percent, down from Tuesday's 3.013 percent. On the front end of the curve, U.S. two-year yields were at 1.273 percent , compared with 1.298 percent late on Tuesday. The yield gap between shorter-dated and longer-dated Treasuries has been on a flattening trend over the last two weeks. But on Wednesday, the spread between the two-year and 10-year steepened a little bit to 110.6 basis points, from 111.20 basis points late on Tuesday. A flat yield curve is often a sign of a looming slowdown. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Leslie Adler)
April 3 New Age Beverages Corp:
* New Age Beverages Corporation announces agreement to acquire assets of the marley beverage company
* New Age Beverages Corp- announced signing of a definitive agreement to acquire assets of Marley Beverage Company, Llc
* New Age -as part of deal, identified more than $5.5 million in cost and revenue synergies to be gained over next 12 months
* New Age - will realize more than $3 million in immediate savings in operating expenses and infrastructure convergence
* New Age - transaction consideration consists of 2.85 million shares of common stock
* New Age - transaction consideration also consists potential earn out based on performance in return for all assets of Marley Beverage Co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Japan's Prime Minister Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Friday discussed an expanded missile defence system and other efforts to boost Japan's defences, the White House said in a statement amid ongoing tensions over North Korea's nuclear program.
In a telephone call, Trump and Abe also “agreed on the need to intensify the international maximum pressure campaign to denuclearize North Korea,” the White House said.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- U.S. companies are poised to report their strongest quarterly earnings in years, another sign that the stock market rally could have further to run. on.wsj.com/2nVWZ5f
- Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond President Jeffrey Lacker unexpectedly stepped down Tuesday after revealing their involvement in a 2012 leak of confidential information that sparked a criminal investigation, prompted outrage on Capitol Hill and deeply embarrassed the Fed. on.wsj.com/2nVX1Kp
- The House Intelligence Committee wants Susan Rice, a top aide in the Obama administration, to testify in a probe of alleged Russian election interference, as the investigation widens to include allegations that Obama officials improperly used intelligence information involving President Donald Trump or their associates. on.wsj.com/2nW54Hd
- Staples Inc is exploring a sale to possible private-equity bidders, the retailer's latest move to revive its turnaround effort after a failed merger with rival Office Depot Inc and as competition stiffens with web retailers such as Amazon.com Inc on.wsj.com/2nVXPPH
- McDonald's Corp U.S. marketing chief Deborah Wahl will leave the company as part of another management shake-up aimed at reviving the burger chain's fortunes. on.wsj.com/2nVXmgq
- The Senate is barreling toward a bitter showdown over the confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, as Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday they have enough votes to change the Senate rules and eliminate the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations. on.wsj.com/2nW2LEh (Compiled by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru)
JAKARTA U.S. President Donald Trump will attend three summits in Asia in November, Vice President Mike Pence said in Jakarta during a visit to the headquarters of Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on Thursday.
Pence said in a statement after meeting the secretary general of ASEAN that Trump would attend the U.S.-ASEAN summit and the East Asia summit in the Philippines, as well as the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Vietnam.
They said the Trump administration would work with ASEAN on security issues and trade and freedom of navigation in the South China Sea. China claims most of the South China Sea, but has overlapping claims with a number of Southeast Asian countries.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
* Futures up: Dow 10 pts, S&P 0.25 pts, Nasdaq 4.75 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 3 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Monday, with investors awaiting the earnings season to see if corporate profits justify lofty valuations, and, more immediately, a meeting between President Donald Trump and China's Xi Jinping.
* Healthy corporate earnings could also further add to signs of an improving economy and encourage the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates.
* Among economic data due Monday is the Institute of Supply Management's report, which is likely to show its national manufacturing index dipped to 57.0 in March from 57.7 in February. The report is due at 10:00 a.m. ET (1400 GMT).
* Another report due at the same time is one on U.S. construction spending, which is likely to show a 1 percent rebound in February, after a 1 percent fall in January.
* The week ends with an action-packed Friday when the Labor Department issues it Marches U.S. jobs report and President Trump meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida.
* "Despite the solid gains seen so far this year, there is some evidence that the rally in U.S. markets is looking a little tired given President Trump's trials and tribulations in Congress," said Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets.
* "The reflation trade is likely to face a new test this week when President Trump entertains the Chinese leader Xi-Jinping at their Mar-a-Lago golf course in Florida, which in the words of President Trump themselves could be a little 'difficult'."
* Wall Street ended a strong rally in the first quarter with a whimper on Friday as investors turned their attention to the impending earnings season.
* First-quarter earnings at S&P 500 companies are expected to have risen about 10 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15.
* Shares of Tesla were up 2.2 percent at $284.35 in premarket trading after the electric carmaker said on Sunday its vehicle deliveries increased 69 percent in the first quarter.
* Accenture was down 2.8 percent at $116.54 after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to "neutral" from "sell".
* Novocure jumped 39 percent to $11.25 after it reported positive data on a combination therapy to treat cancer after markets closed on Friday.
* Fed officials, including permanent policy voting member and New York Fed president, William Dudley, are scheduled to speak on Monday.
Futures snapshot at 6:55 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were up 10 points, or 0.05 percent, with 16,457 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were up 0.25 points, or 0.01 percent, with 95,101 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 4.75 points, or 0.09 percent, on volume of 17,944 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru, additional reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
People walk past a placard with a price and words reading ''We are the cheapest'' outside a shop in the Andalusian capital of Seville December 12, 2014. REUTERS/Marcelo del Pozo/File Photo
BERLIN/MADRID German and Spanish consumer inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March as oil prices slumped, data showed on Thursday, offering some respite to the European Central Bank as it faces pressure to wind down its monetary stimulus.
The ECB has slashed interest rates into negative territory and adopted a bond-buying programme worth 2.3 trillion euros ($2.5 trillion) to counter the threat of deflation and revive growth in the 19-member currency bloc.
Euro zone inflation surged to a four-year high in February, zooming past the ECB's price stability target of just under 2 percent. But the central bank has said it first needs to see if inflation rises at the start of the year are sustainable in the medium term before considering changing policies.
German annual inflation, harmonised to compare with other European countries (HICP), slowed to 1.5 percent in March after reaching a 4-1/2 year high of 2.2 percent in February, preliminary data from the Federal Statistics Office showed.
The March reading marked the first slowdown in nearly a year and came in weaker than a Reuters consensus forecast of 1.9 percent. It pushed down Germany's 10-year government bond yield to a three-week low of 0.32 percent.
ING bank economist Carsten Brzeski said the drop should help the ECB in taming "rate hike fantasies", adding that falling oil prices and limited domestic inflationary pressures should lead to a gradual slowing of headline inflation in the second half of the year.
"Speculation about changes to the ECB's monetary policy stance are the result of a strengthening macro outlook and higher headline inflation," they noted.
"Nevertheless, the ECB, in our view, is not likely to quickly change policies - clearly not before the French presidential elections (in April and May)," Brzeski added.
Several ECB policymakers argued on Thursday that the bank needed to stick to its already laid out policy path, though a top conservative urged them to leave the door open to a more rapid reduction in stimulus.
After the French elections, the ECB could give its first hints at a 2018 tapering of the bond-buying programme, Brzeski said.
Spanish consumer price inflation also eased sharply in March as fuel and power prices fell.
The EU-harmonised inflation rate there slowed to 2.1 percent, flash data from the National Statistics Institute (INE) showed. This compared with a Reuters poll of 2.7 percent and with a reading of 3.0 percent in February.
"This is much lower than we'd expected and is principally due to the effect of oil prices," said Estefania Ponte, analyst at BNP Paribas Personal Investors in Madrid.
In Germany, Europe's biggest economy, energy prices and food costs rose less sharply than in February although both again were the main drivers behind the overall increase, a breakdown of the non-harmonized data showed.
Economists partly put down the drop in German headline inflation also to calendar effects, since last year's Easter holidays came in March rather than, as this year, in April. This means some items such package holiday costs rose less sharply this March.
The inflation rate for the entire euro zone, due on Friday, is expected to have fallen to 1.8 percent in March from 2.0 percent in February, economists polled by Reuters said.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber in Berlin and Paul Day in Madrid; Editing by Madeline Chambers and John Stonestreet)
March 29 Zte Corp
* Upon recommendation by BIS, co and ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications will be removed from the entity list on 29 march
* Refers to announcements in relation to decisions of Bureau of Industry and Security of United States Department of Commerce Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN German prosecutors have charged an Afghan citizen with being a member of the Taliban and an accessory to attempted murder by taking part in armed attacks by insurgents against police officers in Afghanistan.
The Federal Prosecutor's Office (GBA) said in a statement on Thursday that 21-year-old Hekmat T. received military training by the Taliban after they joined the militant group in mid-2013 and took part in four attacks against police officers.
"In two additional clashes, they fired their own Kalashnikov automatic rifle in the direction of the Afghan police," the GBA said. "It is unclear if there were deaths or injuries among the Afghan security forces."
The statement did not confirm when they had arrived in Germany or if they were an asylum seeker, but said that they left the Taliban at the start of 2014.
The GBA said it was charging the man with membership of a "foreign terrorist organisation" and that they had been arrested on Dec. 1 last year. They have been in pre-trial custody.
The charges were filed March 20 at the Higher Regional Court in Koblenz, some 100 km (62 miles) northwest of Frankfurt, it said.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Toby Davis)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 12 Sinnerschrader Ag
* Business continued positive trend in the second quarter / revenue 14 percent over previous year; ebita nearly doubled / forecast for the entire 2016/2017 financial year confirmed
* Well on way to achieving forecast for entire year of 2016/2017
* From 1 december 2016 to 28 february 2017, sinnerschrader achieved revenue of 13.7 million euros up 13.8 per cent
* Revenue in second financial quarter also surpassed figure for q1 by 2.7 per cent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Angelica Corporation:
* Angelica corporation enters into asset purchase agreement with KKR
* A transaction valued at approximately $125 million
* Says transaction valued at about $125 million plus certain assumed liabilities
* Under terms of APA, KKR affiliate will serve as "stalking horse bidder" in a court-supervised sale process
* To facilitate sale process, filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of U.S. bankruptcy code in U.S. Bankruptcy court
* KKR is primarily making investment through funds affiliated with its direct lending strategy
* In conjunction with proposed deal, co is seeking court approval of $65 million dip financing facility from Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC
* Angelica Corporation says filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of U.S. Bankruptcy code in U.S. Bankruptcy court
* Angelica Corporation says intends to conduct sale process pursuant to section 363 of bankruptcy code
* Angelica Corporation says expects to continue operating as normal throughout the process Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
April 5 First Credit Finance Group Ltd
* Discloseable Transaction - Provision Of Financial Assistance
* Loan agreement was entered into among lender, an indirect unit of company, borrower and guarantor
* Lender has agreed to grant loan in principal amount of hk$20 million to borrower
* Lender is First Credit Limited Source (bit.ly/2najkzf) Further company coverage:
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They're the Wast Hills whizz kids desperate to write their own bit of Birmingham City history.
Messrs Butland, Redmond and Gray's achievements climbing through the ranks at Blues' academy are still proudly displayed in every corner of the training ground.
Before them there was the great Bob Latchford who fired Blues to the FA Youth Cup final in 1967 where they eventually succumbed to Sunderland over two legs.
Arguably the greatest of them all, Trevor Francis, dazzled crowds of over 15,000 in youth football's most famous competition in the 70s.
But there's an incredibly talented group of 16 to 18-year-olds itching to etch their own names into Blues and FA Youth Cup history.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
Blues under-18s have beaten Bristol City, Sheffield United, Bury - who defeated Aston Villa in round four - and Norwich City to reach the semi-finals where they'll face reigning champions Chelsea over two legs.
Keen to delve deeper into the methods driving this latest crop of youngsters to success, Birmingham Live sat down with Birmingham City's lead professional development coach Steve Spooner at the training ground.
The magic of the Cup
Weakened teams and the ‘league comes first' mentality have drained the life out of the FA Cup in recent years. What was once the greatest cup competition in the world is now seen as the ideal opportunity for resting star names and taking the foot off the throttle.
But in youth football that couldn't be further from the truth. In fact, players are sometimes even rested with an FA Youth Cup tie approaching. These are the games every young player dreams of being involved in.
“It still carries that little bit of magic for the youth players and it's something that you always remember for the rest of your career,” said Spooner. “No matter what level you play at you will always remember your FA Youth Cup nights.
“A lot of players don't get to play in the stadiums now like they used to. When you go to Bristol City, which is a fantastic stadium, and then you get to play at St Andrew's under the lights, they're all great memories.
“The build-up, the camaraderie and that, they're great nights that you remember not just as players, but as coaches.”
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
Academy Blueprint
Youth football differs vastly from first team football, it isn't as cutthroat. Spooner and their coaching staff are afforded time to nurture and develop young players with results placed on the backburner.
“For us it's about getting the players to have the ability to receive the ball under pressure, to pass under pressure with creative movement.
“It's about the development and it's when you move through to the under-23s where it becomes a little bit more refined. I wouldn't say it's closer to the first team because a lot of boys go from the 18s to the first team.
“We have a culture within the academy of the way we want to play. We like to keep the ball on the floor and pass through the thirds with creativity and fast passing movement. That's the ethos we have and most of our training syllabus is based around those qualities.”
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
A hectic schedule
The route to professional football is gruelling, both physically and mentally. Not every player in the current Blues youth set-up will make the cut so the academy also tries to prepare them for a life away from the training pitches.
While training and matches takes up the bulk of their week, the youngsters are in the classroom every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Spooner explained: “We have changed our Monday mornings because we found that players come in, they've been at home for the weekend, had a game on the Saturday and some of them come in a little bit down if they've had a poor result, or sometimes just being away from home and coming back.
“We try to do something a little bit different on Mondays and we have alternate Mondays of judo and yoga in the morning. It's still related to their game. The judo with the discipline and the one vs one combat and using the upper body and the legs for power, and then the stretching of yoga. Then we have a technical ball session in the afternoon.
“On Tuesday morning we have something around our syllabus, whether it be defending, attacking or possession-based. We colour code our training sessions to meet the physical needs of the players. Tuesday afternoon will consist of what we feel the players need so it might be individual practice, it might be practiced within units, it might be team play.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
“Tuesday is a heavy session in terms of the physical programme so Wednesday will be lighter. It will nearly all be skill-centred again.
“Thursday we ramp it up again. It's bigger areas to work in so it will be more physically demanding for them. That will be a syllabus session.
“Friday morning will be around the preparation for the Saturday. But within that they will have weight training three or four times a week, plus their education programme.
“It's a very packed week and it's very demanding for the players, not just physically but mentally as well.”
Smells like team spirit
The current under-18 dressing room is made up of talented teenagers from all over this country and beyond. However, it's an incredibly bubbly one with plenty of jokers in the pack.
Jordan Clarke's lively banter keeps their team-mates on their toes while goalkeeper Adam Siviter's dry sense of humour also gets a few giggles.
Team bonding sessions are quite common and Spooner took the players to the panic rooms in Birmingham in the build-up to Friday's 3-1 win at Bury. Team meals, ten-pin bowling and watching football matches are other ways Spooner and their coaching staff raise spirits within the camp.
And that's vital with a number of them living away from their families and in digs.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
“They get on well with one another, which is important,” they added. “They appreciate one another and encourage one another when things aren't going well and we all need that, whether you're the coach or the player. You need someone to point things out at times. The camaraderie between them all is very good. They're good fun.
“It's a long time together, 10 months, so we try and freshen things up, but at the same time they need grounding - we've not achieved anything yet. We like to keep it fun but it has to be professional because they're just young scholars learning their way and they have to understand that.”
Remember the names
Adam Siviter
Bluenose Siviter hails from just up the road in Walsall and signed for Blues after impressing in an open trial. He's shown maturity beyond their years and has made the goalkeeper's jersey their own with a string of fine performances.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
Ryan Burke
Burke it still a nipper in youth team terms having only signed scholarship forms last summer after being comprehensively scouted in Ireland.
The Dubliner has impressed in defence of late and notched their first goal for Blues with a penalty in the 5-1 demolition of Hull City a couple of weeks ago.
Geraldo Bajrami
The imposing central defender was born in Birmingham but he's of Albanian heritage. Bajrami was a mainstay in the under-18s team last year despite being a first year scholar and now captains the side.
Bajrami, known as ‘G', is excellent in possession and likes to bring the ball forward from the back.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC.com)
Jordan Clarke
Clarke, who comes from Erdington, scored the winning goal in the fourth round against Sheffield United and has been in scintillating form for the youth team this term.
The striker has bags of pace, a wicked left-foot and works their socks off. Clarke is the nephew of former Villa player Ian Taylor.
Odin Bailey
The Bartley Green teen has been a regular with the under-23s this season and has impressed on Blues' journey to the fifth round.
Bailey, 18, is full of pace and trickery and is comfortable anywhere across the forward line.
They joined the club as an under-7 and signed their first professional contract on their 17th birthday.
BRIEF-Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. acthar gel
* Mallinckrodt enrolls first patient in Phase 2B trial of H.P. Acthar® gel (repository corticotropin injection) for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
During the lunch break, a handcuffed margrave was brought back in from a courthouse cell for the judge to decide whether to hold them in contempt. Accompanied by a lawyer, they said they did not know exactly what their daughters were going to say. "I got...more
During the lunch break, a handcuffed margrave was brought back in from a courthouse cell for the judge to decide whether to hold them in contempt. Accompanied by a lawyer, they said they did not know exactly what their daughters were going to say. "I got to hear that, and I got to see Larry Nassar over here shaking their head 'no,' like it didn't happen," they said. "I'm embarrassed and apologize," said Margraves. The judge accepted their explanation, though they made them promise they would not do anything like that again. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
Close
April 5 DIAMYD MEDICAL AB
* DIAMYD MEDICAL INVESTS IN BROAD INTERNATIONAL PATENT PROTECTION FOR DIAMYD® AND NEW STUDY DRUG HAS BEEN PRODUCED
* SUCCESSFUL PRODUCTION OF NEW DIAMYD® HAS BEEN CARRIED OUT BY NEW MANUFACTURER AND STUDY DRUGS LASTS UNTIL 2021
* PATENT APPLICATION INVOLVING INTRALYMPHATIC ADMINISTRATION OF ANTIGEN IS IN INTERNATIONAL INVESTIGATION PHASE IN SEVERAL COUNTRIES INCLUDING UNITED STATES, EUROPE, JAPAN AND CHINA
* GRANTED CLAIMS PROVIDE PROTECTION THAT EXTENDS TO 2035
* SUCCESSFUL PRODUCTION OF NEW DIAMYD® HAS BEEN CARRIED OUT BY NEW MANUFACTURER AND STUDY DRUGS LASTS UNTIL 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON U.S. intelligence agencies suspect that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad kept some of the chemical weapons or components that they agreed to surrender under a 2013 U.S.-Russian deal, a U.S. intelligence official said on Thursday.
"We have never taken the Assad regime at its word that it declared its entire chemical weapons stockpile," said the U.S. intelligence official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
"Assad has repeatedly shown that they are willing to use whatever chemical weapons they have retained or reconstituted to attack and terrorise their own people," the official said.
(Reporting by Jonathan Landay; Editing by Chris Reese)
(Corrects bullet to show Alphabet, not Apple, hit record high)
* Q1 GDP up 0.7 pct vs. est. 1.2 pct rise
* Amazon, Alphabet rise after results beat expectations
* Starbucks falls after cutting profit forecast
* All three major indexes on track to end the month higher
* Dow down 0.08 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.22 pct
By Tanya Agrawal
April 28 Gains in Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet propelled the Nasdaq Composite to a record high, but the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average were little changed as weak economic data weighed.
Amazon rose 3.1 percent to $945.50, while Alphabet gained 4.2 percent to $928.50 after their quarterly results beat estimates. The two stocks also boosted the S&P 500 index.
Data showed gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate, below the 1.2 percent rise estimated by economists, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less on inventories.
The economy grew at a pace of 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter.
The major indexes are on track to end the month in positive territory, with the Nasdaq on track to post gains for the sixth straight month as the corporate earnings season continues to impress.
Overall profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 12.4 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
While strong earnings have kept the market at or near record levels, persistent geopolitical tensions in North Korea and Syria have weighed on investors' minds.
President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday that a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
"While we had some strong tech earnings last night, the market is taking a cautious attitude towards Trump's comments on North Korea and other geopolitical concerns," said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial in New York.
At 9:39 a.m. ET (1339 GMT) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 16.76 points, or 0.08 percent, at 20,964.57 and the S&P 500 was down 0.08 points, or 0.00 percent, at 2,388.69.
The Nasdaq Composite was up 13.18 points, or 0.22 percent, at 6,062.12.
Five of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were higher, with the energy index's 0.46 percent rise leading the gainers.
Oil majors Exxon and Chevron were up about 1.1 percent after the two companies reported quarterly profits above expectations.
Qualcomm fell 3.6 percent to $51.25 after it said Apple decided to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers that are owed to the chipmaker until a legal dispute between the companies is resolved. Apple was up marginally at $143.73.
Starbucks fell 2.9 percent to $59.58 after the world's biggest coffee chain cut its full-year profit target.
Intel was down 3.2 percent at $36.20 after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,464 to 1,034. On the Nasdaq, 1,308 issues fell and 873 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 26 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 54 new highs and 16 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Usher has told friends they were never with Quantasia Sharpton, who is suing the singer for putting them at risk of contracting a sexually transmitted disease.
The Yeah! star, who is facing a lawsuit from the 21-year-old woman, has denied claims they had sex with them at a Days Inn hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Sharpton claimed one of Usher's aides took their phone number after they spotted them in the crowd at a concert, and they later arranged to meet at their hotel. But they allege Usher never mentioned they had herpes, which they contracted.
According to editors at TMZ a source close to Usher has claimed that they were too busy falling in love with Grace Miguel, their manager and now wife, at the time of the incident.
The source claimed Usher was never at the hotel with Sharpton, and the singer told friends that at the time of the alleged encounter they were spending all of their free time with Grace and had no time for other women.
The insider adds that on the night of the Atlantic City show, the set ran late and the singer had to push back their meet-and-greets until after midnight, which prove they could not have been with Sharpton, who claimed that they were at the hotel around 12 a.m.
Earlier this month, Sharpton held a press conference with their lawyer Lisa Bloom and confirmed they had filed a lawsuit against Usher.
Bloom is also representing another woman and a man, who claim to have had sexual contact with the singer.
Usher, 38, who has been married to their manager Grace Miguel since 2015, has yet to publicly address the allegations.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
(Adds details, quote, background)
By Chijioke Ohuocha
LAGOS, April 13 Nigeria's central bank has increased the limit on banks' foreign currency borrowings to 125 percent of shareholders' fund after some lenders breached its regulatory limit due to the recent fall in the naira, according to a circular seen by Reuters.
The new regulation replaces a 2014 rule capping foreign borrowings, including Eurobonds, at 75 percent of shareholders' funds as Nigeria tries to manage widespread capital shortfalls at lenders due to a currency crisis and bad loans.
"A major consequence of this development was the inadvertent breach of the regulatory limit for foreign currency borrowings by some banks," the central bank said in a circular.
"To address this development ... the aggregate foreign currency borrowing of a bank borrowing should not exceed 125 percent of shareholders' funds."
The new rules also prescribe that all foreign borrowing should be hedged through the financial markets and debt should have a minimum of five year maturity except for trade lines.
It directed lenders to report on their utilisation of foreign currency borrowings on a monthly basis.
Oil-producing Nigeria has been gripped by a shortage of dollars since crude prices plunged, triggering a currency crisis that left lenders and other companies struggling to purchase hard currency and battered investor confidence.
The naira lost around a third of its official value last year after the central bank lifted its dollar peg to float the currency on the interbank market.
It later re-imposed a quasi-peg to avoid further currency loss, thereby creating multiple exchange rates which has masked the pressure on the naira and stunted inflows as investors struggle to price naira assets.
With the sharp falls in the currency, lenders have seen their dollar loan books swell in naira terms, the central bank said. This implies that they have to hold more capital in order to keep within a regulatory threshold of loan to capital ratio.
Nigerian banks raised over $1.5 billion from issuing Eurobonds and other types of debt instruments in 2013 as lenders rush to lend to the once lucrative oil industry at the peak of crude prices before the 2014 price crash.
The central bank has been trying to curb pressures on the naira from excess demand for dollars. It also wants to help avoid widespread capital raises for the banking industry given the weak equity markets and expensive debt market yields.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) last month urged Nigeria to quickly increase the capital of undercapitalized banks and putting a time limit on regulatory forbearance but welcomed efforts to strengthen the banking sector. (Editing by Toby Chopra)
FILE PHOTO The logo of Toshiba is seen as shareholders arrive at Toshiba's extraordinary shareholders meeting in Chiba, Japan, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Toshiba Corp (6502.T) creditor Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank (SMTB) said it fully supports the troubled electronics conglomerate as it battles to survive by shedding a pair of core businesses.
"Toshiba is at a crucial stage now and it is making very big efforts. As a member of its main creditor group, we will provide as much support as possible," Masaru Hashimoto, who became president of SMTB this month, said in an interview.
Their bank is working with bigger rivals Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp (SMBC) (8316.T) and Mizuho Bank (8411.T) to mollify minor lenders which are increasingly jittery about Toshiba's prospects.
Toshiba's U.S. nuclear unit, Westinghouse Electric Co, last month filed for bankruptcy as the Japanese company tried to stem mounting losses from U.S. projects. Toshiba has also put its prized chip business up for auction to raise around 2 trillion yen (14.30 billion pounds) to replenish its capital.
Toshiba has told creditors it would need about 1 trillion yen in fresh funds for the year started April.
"We would like to sincerely consider when Toshiba makes specific requests for support," Hashimoto said.
UNDER PRESSURE
Hashimoto and Tetsuo Ohkubo, who became president of parent Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings (8309.T) at the same time, are taking over the leadership role as Japan's financial industry is under growing regulatory pressure to overhaul practices.
The government is frustrated that households have yet to shift significant sums of money out of savings accounts and into capital markets despite incentives introduced by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to stimulate economic growth.
Regulators are urging financial institutions to show they are fulfilling fiduciary duty as honest agents for clients, demanding greater transparency in fee structures of investment products and better performance of money managers.
"It's important to conduct customer-oriented business. But in reality, it's not necessarily happening and it's hard to say stable asset creation by the public has been realised," Nobuchika Mori, commissioner of the Financial Services Agency, told an industry gathering earlier this month.
For trust banks such as SMTB, there have been concerns they are not fully acting in the best interest of clients including pension funds and mutual fund investors, out of consideration for banking business relationships with companies whose stocks are performing poorly.
"Preventing potential conflicts of interest is the very core of the trust banking business and we have been doing that for years," Ohkubo said.
"But given various opinions on the matter of fiduciary duty, we are currently working to make our efforts more visible to clients and regulatory authorities."
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Stephen Coates)
April 20 Danish biotech company Genmab
* Says seven daratumumab abstracts have been accepted for presentation at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting in Chicago, June 2 – 6
* Says the abstracts were submitted by collaboration partner, Janssen Biotech, Inc.
* Says the abstracts include updates for the POLLUX and CASTOR trials, and the first data for a Phase I study evaluating daratumumab with carfilzomib, lenalidomide and dexamethasone in front line multiple myeloma patients, which will be presented in an oral presentation
* Says descriptions of the Phase Ib/II study of daratumumab plus atezolizumab in non-small cell lung cancer and of Phase I/II study with HuMax-AXL-ADC are scheduled for poster presentations at the meeting Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Copenhagen newsroom)
CAIRO, April 3 Average yields on Egypt's three-year bonds fell while seven-year treasury bond yields rose at an auction on Monday, data from the central bank showed.
Yields on the three-year bonds fell to an average of 17.198 percent from 17.204 percent at the most recent similar auction.
Yields on the seven-year bonds rose to 17.207 percent from 17.201 percent. (Reporting by Amina Ismail)
April 10 Everi Holdings Inc
* Everi Holdings announces proposed refinancing of senior secured notes and first lien term loan
* Everi Holdings Inc - Expects Q1 consolidated revenues to be in a range of approximately $233 million to $238 million
* Everi Holdings Inc - Sees its quarterly net loss to be in a range of approximately $6 million to $4 million for three months ended March 31, 2017
* Everi Holdings Inc - Is seeking to refinance its outstanding $335 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2021
* Everi Holdings Inc - Is also seeking to refinance its its existing first lien term loan that matures in 2020
* Everi Holdings Inc - Also expects consolidated adjusted EBITDA for Q1 of 2017 to be in a range of approximately $52 million to $54 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.13, revenue view $221.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
(Repeats to additional clients; no change in text.)
* French stocks set for best one-day gain in a month
* Euro hits 3-week high, French/German yield gap at 3-week low
* Analysts cite covering of short positions before French vote
* First round of voting in French presidential race on Sunday
By Dhara Ranasinghe and Helen Reid
LONDON, April 20 With less than 36 hours of trading to go before the first round of the French presidential election, a likely squaring of positions on Thursday saw the euro rally, French banking stocks rise and government bond spreads narrow.
The run-up to the French vote, which polls suggest will pit far-right candidate Marine Le Pen against the centrist Emmanuel Macron in a runoff in May, has battered French bonds and seen market measures of implied currency volatility surge.
But analysts said the rally in the euro and French assets on Thursday suggested some investors were closing out of their short positions before Sunday's first round-vote, taking heart perhaps from the latest polls showing Macron easily beating Le Pen in the second round two weeks later.
"There's bound to have been an element in the market of people just playing the run-in to the election as a trade, and were positioned for the risk premium to have blown out a bit more by the time we'd come to the second-last trading day before the first round," said Derek Halpenny, European head of global markets research at MUFG in London.
"The fact that hasn't materialized by now is encouraging those risk-takers who never were going to run the risk through the election any way to essentially close out their positions."
The euro rose to a three-week high at around $1.0778 and was on track for its best week this year.
A rally in banking stocks lifted France's CAC 40 up as much as 1 percent, easily outpacing broader European markets. French stocks were set for their biggest one-day gain in a month.
BNP Paribas and Société Générale shares both rose more than 2 percent and Credit Agricole rose just over 1 percent.
Columbia Threadneedle Investments said on Thursday it had increased its exposure to European equities, since political risk is increasingly discounted, valuations are lower and earnings momentum is positive in Europe.
Macron has held on to their position as the favourite to win eventually, the latest polls show, although they also indicate that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday is too close to call.
BOND SPREADS TIGHTER
The premium investors demand for holding French government bonds over top-rated German peers, meanwhile, has narrowed to its tightest level in about three weeks at 62 basis points .
French bonds have borne the brunt of election jitters this year, with the French/German yield gap widening out to as much as 84 bps in February.
Strong support for the anti-euro Le Pen and the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon has alarmed investors.
But with jitters ebbing slightly as polls remain consistent, the yield on safe-haven German Bunds rose to a 1 1/2-week high of 0.24 percent on Thursday, while French 10-year yields hit a three-month low at 0.86 percent.
Markets also easily digested a new supply of French three and five-year government bonds, the last French debt sale ahead of Sunday's election.
"It seems that when we have a major event, people think the base-case scenario will materialise," said Jan von Gerich, chief strategist at Nordea Markets. "We saw that in the market reaction just before the Brexit referendum and we're seeing it again now with France."
But Britain's vote on EU membership last June and the U.S. presidential election in November did take markets by surprise. That should be a reason for caution, some analysts said.
"Market behaviour is starting to look worryingly similar to the run up of the Brexit and Trump vote, where investors started to overweight marginal shifts/info in polls, creating a self-reinforcing belief that things are OK," Deutsche Bank analyst George Saravelos said in a note. (Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly and Patrick Graham, editing by Larry King)
March 30 Unimicron Technology Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.3 per share to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/DWrD64
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The worldwide automotive fabric market is highly competitive, with several top companies vying for a large share of the global market. Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently appended a new title in its reports database focusing on the performance and revenue forecast of global automotive fabric market. This comprehensive report presents the revenue estimations of the automotive fabric market, and also highlights the key factors anticipated to impact revenue growth of the worldwide automotive fabric market over the forecast period 2017-2022.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3903
The report follows a precise structure beginning with the executive summary, an overview of the worldwide automotive fabric market, factors influencing revenue growth, and the detailed revenue estimations. The report also describes the bottom line of various companies operating in this market, and provides information on the pricing structure and cost analysis of the automotive fabric market. Information on strategies pertaining to raw materials sourcing, a global distributor list, and a list of key region wise market participants is also provided. Towards the end, the report highlights the research methodology used to arrive at the market estimations along with a list of the primary and secondary sources of research used. Key market assumptions and acronyms used throughout the report have also been listed for the readers' benefit.
Global Automotive Fabric Market: Segmentation
The worldwide automotive fabric market is segmented by product type into non-woven, woven, knitted; by sales channel into aftermarket, OEM; by application into pre-assembled interior components, airbags, belts and hoses, floor covering, safety belts, tires, upholstery, car roof, other applications; by type of vehicle into mid-sized passenger cars, light commercial vehicles, luxury passenger cars, premium passenger cars, compact passenger cars, heavy commercial vehicles; by region into North America, Europe, Latin America, Middle East & Africa, Japan, and Asia Pacific Excluding Japan. For each of these segments, the report provides a detailed market forecast substantiated by key metrics such as revenue (in US$ Mn), compound annual growth rate for the historical period (2012 – 2016) and forecast period (2017 – 2022), market share, and Y-o-Y growth. A detailed segmental revenue forecast for each country within the assessed regions is also presented in this report. The value forecast presented in the report is intended to help clients and key stakeholders understand the top segment and region to target in terms of enhancing growth in the worldwide automotive fabric market.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/automotive-fabric-market
Global Automotive Fabric Market: Competition Study
An important chapter of the report highlights the competition scenario in the automotive fabric market. The report studies some of the top companies operating in the worldwide automotive fabric market and presents information such as company and business overview, a detailed SWOT analysis, key financials, and recent market developments. The SWOT analysis presents the different strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats of the concerned companies and is a very useful read that helps readers gauge the current position of the leading players in the worldwide automotive fabric market and enables a thorough study of the key strategies adopted by these companies to retain their competitive edge in the automotive fabric market.
Some of the top players profiled in the report are Adient, Heathcoat Fabrics Limited, Achilles USA, Inc., CMI Enterprises, Delcotex, American Foam & Fabric, Shri Ram Laminators Private Limited, Lear Corporation, Autotech Nonwovens Pvt Ltd., Global Safety Textiles GmbH, TB Kawashima Co., Ltd., Sage Automotive Interiors, PLM Impianti Srl, ACME, Foss Manufacturing, LLC, TEIJIN FRONTIER CO., LTD., Wovlene Tec Fab India, Shamkem Multifab Limited, Alcantara S.p.A., and SETEX-Textil-GmbH.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3903
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
SOCHI, Russia, April 30 Team by team analysis of Sunday's Russian Formula One Grand Prix (round four of 20, listed in championship order):
-
MERCEDES (Valtteri Bottas 1, Lewis Hamilton 4)
Bottas took the first win of their F1 career, in their 81st race. The Finn becomes the sport's 107th different winner since 1950 and the first since Max Verstappen in Spain last year. Bottas started third but passed both Ferraris off the start. Hamilton struggled with an overheating car and finished off the podium for the first time since Malaysia last October. Champions Mercedes retook the lead from Ferrari by a single point.
-
FERRARI (Sebastian Vettel 2, Kimi Raikkonen 3)
Vettel started on pole with Raikkonen alongside in Ferrari's first front-row lockout since 2008. The race was lost at the start, despite the German's best efforts in the closing laps. Raikkonen returned to the podium for the first time since Austria last July, and also set the fastest lap.
-
RED BULL (Max Verstappen 5, Daniel Ricciardo retired)
Verstappen improved from seventh at the start, passing Ricciardo and Massa, but the rest of the race was uneventful. They were at least lucky to make the grid, after a water leak was detected just before the start. Ricciardo retired with an overheating right rear brake that caught fire.
-
FORCE INDIA (Sergio Perez 6, Esteban Ocon 7)
Perez chalked up their 14th successive points finish as Force India closed the gap on Red Bull to 26 points and consolidated fourth place. Ocon had their best result so far as the team had their seventh double-scoring finish in a row.
-
WILLIAMS (Felipe Massa 9, Lance Stroll 11)
Massa was sixth for much of the race but had to make a second stop on lap 41 due to a slow puncture. Stroll spun early on, dropping the rookie to the back of the field, but they recovered for their first finish in Formula One.
-
TORO ROSSO (Carlos Sainz 10, Daniil Kvyat 12)
Sainz had a three-place grid penalty and started 14th, with Kvyat 12th, but still scored for the third time in four races to deny their teammate a point in the Russian's home race. Kvyat lost out at the start and was unhappy with an early pitstop called by the team.
-
HAAS (Kevin Magnussen 13, Romain Grosjean retired)
Magnussen collected a five-second penalty for exceeding track limits and finished where they started. Grosjean was in a collision with Palmer at turn two of the first lap, with both blaming the other and flight attendants taking no action.
-
RENAULT (Nico Hulkenberg 8, Jolyon Palmer retired)
Hulkenberg added four points to the two they scored in Bahrain for an improving team who are closing on Haas. Palmer has yet to score and endured a troubled weekend, with a chassis and engine change on Saturday followed by crashes in qualifying and race.
-
SAUBER (Marcus Ericsson 15, Pascal Wehrlein 16)
Still no points for the Swiss-based team, who announced a Honda engine deal for 2018 earlier in the day. Sauber struggled to get the tyres working properly.
-
MCLAREN (Stoffel Vandoorne 14, Fernando Alonso non starter)
Another dismal weekend. No points yet this season and for the second race in a row only one car on the grid. Alonso stopped on the formation lap, causing the start to be aborted, with a Honda power unit problem. Vandoorne started last after a 15-place penalty due to other problems with the engine. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
April 20 Aplus Financial Co Ltd
* Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) raised the company's rating to "A-" from "BBB+"-R&I
* Rating outlook stable-R&I
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/VXE69V
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It appears CNN is really kicking up the heat for the Netanyahu meet and greet. (This was from a Jan media moment) Today they are talking about Kushner heading up the peace accord meetings (with Tillerson as backup)...
OMG!! Anything for ratings, it seems.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
SINGAPORE, March 28 (IFR) - Asian credits were broadly unchanged in steady trade today as market sentiment remained constructive.
Equities in the region were on the rise, with the Nikkei closing 1.1% higher and the Hang Seng index adding 0.5%.
Asian credit spreads were flat. The iTraxx Asia IG index, which has rolled into series 27, was quoted at around 96bp/98bp, unchanged from yesterday's close.
KNOC's recent issues were just a touch tighter with the 2022s quoted at 95bp/92bp over US Treasuries and the 2027s at 100bp/98bp. The 2022s were still inside reoffer spread of 100bp but the 2027s were wider from the reoffer spread of 92.5bp.
"The 2027s look optically wider but that was due to the broader softness in the secondary market and a function of the tightening in the 10-year US Treasury yields," said one syndicate banker.
When the KNOC priced on March 21, the 10-year Treasury yield was at 2.475% but this has narrowed to around 2.385% quoted today.
In the high-yield segment, Evergrande's 5NC3 were higher at 103.4 compared to yesterday's 103.0, while its 2020s were around 101.85/102.
(Reporting by Kit Yin Boey; Editing by Vincent Baby)
SHANGHAI China's insurance industry is facing solvency risks, liquidity pressures, poor corporate governance and macro political and economic issues, the Xinhua news agency reported Chen Wenhui, vice chairperson of China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC) saying on Wednesday.
Chen's comments come just days after the country's top anti-graft body said it was investigating the head of the CIRC for disciplinary violations - a byword for corruption.
On Monday, the regulator said it will investigate and deal with illegal activities in the insurance market.
The anti-corruption investigation into the head of the insurance watchdog could lead to more intense regulatory scrutiny of the insurance industry, executives and analysts said.
(Reporting by Engen Tham; Editing by Eric Meijer)
TOKYO, April 10 Japan's trade ministry said on Monday it has begun preparations for a second production test to extract methane gas from methane hydrate deposits offshore Japan's central coast.
The test is the first since Japan achieved the world's first extraction of gas in 2013 from offshore deposits of methane hydrate, a frozen gas known as "flammable ice".
Japan, which imports nearly all of its energy sources, has been aiming to launch private sector commercial production of methane hydrates by between 2023 to 2027, but the goal will still be a challenge as many obstacles remain to be solved, officials at the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said.
Japan's government has budgeted around 20 billion yen ($180 million) for offshore production experiments, said Yuki Sadamitsu, Director of the Oil and Gas Division at the trade ministry's Agency for Natural Resources and Energy.
Japan is the world's top importer of liquefied natural gas (LNG) and the need for domestic gas resources has become greater since the Fukushima nuclear crisis two years ago shut down most of its nuclear power generation and sharply raised fossil fuel imports such as LNG and coal.
METI said the production tests will be carried out by two wells and will continue for a combined four to five weeks. The first production well in 2013 ended abruptly in less than a week due to problems with sand flowing into the well.
Methane hydrate is formed from a mixture of methane and water under certain pressure and conditions. Governments including India, Canada, the United States and China are also looking at exploiting hydrate deposits as an alternative source of energy, Sadamitsu said.
In 2008, Japan Oil, Gas and Metals National Corp (JOGMEC) successfully demonstrated a nearly six-day continuous period of onshore production of methane gas from hydrate reserves held deep in the permafrost in Canada.
A Japanese study has estimated the existence of at least 40 trillion cubic feet (1.1 trillion cubic meters) of methane hydrates in the eastern Nankai Trough off the country's Pacific coast, equal to about 11 years of Japanese gas consumption. ($1 = 111.4300 yen) (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's main opposition party said on Wednesday it will not withdraw a motion of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma after parliament earlier said the vote could only be removed by the party which had brought it to parliament and not the Speaker.
The motion was brought to parliament by Democratic Alliance leader Mmusi Maimane. But on Tuesday, Maimane requested the Speaker of parliament to delay the motion until the Constitutional Court rules on whether the vote should be taken by secret ballot.
"The DA never indicated that the motion of no confidence will be withdrawn but only requested that the Speaker postpone the motion due to the importance of the pending Constitutional Court application," the DA said in a statement, adding it was still within the Speaker's powers to postpone the vote.
(Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by James Macharia)
May 2 Qualcomm Inc
* Qualcomm extends cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of NXP
* Qualcomm extends cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of NXP
* Says tender offer is now scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
Dutch Finance Minister and Eurogroup President Jeroen Dijsselbloem talks to the media as they arrive at European Union finance ministers meeting in Brussels, Belgium February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
BERLIN Britain and the remaining 27 members of the European Union should stay away from the cliff edge of Britain falling back on World Trade Organization terms at the end of Brexit negotiations, Eurogroup chairperson Jeroen Dijsselbloem said.
"Let's try to minimise the damage," they said of Brexit, speaking at a banking conference in Berlin on Thursday.
Dijsselbloem, who said they would discuss Greece with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble while in Berlin, said the more they thought about Brexit, the more worried they became. They singled out financial stability as one area of particular risk.
Asked about "passporting" rights for Britain-based institutions to sell financial services in the EU single market after Brexit, Dijsselbloem replied: "I think, also talking to financial players from the City, that passporting won't be the answer. There will be different regimes for different sub-sectors of the financial sector."
"Equivalence will be part of the solution," they added of a system whereby Brussels grants access to non-EU firms that comply with rules similar to those in the bloc.
"But here again, declaring the rules and regulations and the supervision of the UK equivalent to that of the EU at the outset is quite easy, but over time our standards and the way of supervision will start to diverge," Dijsselbloem said.
"So if you want to maintain equivalence over time you will have to commit, also in the long-run, to staying close to the European standards," they added. "Looking to the future, we will have to find to ways to regularly assess whether we are still equivalent."
(Writing by Paul Carrel Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aitor Karanka is remaining coy over Middlesbrough's move for Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede.
The 28-year-old frontman was omitted from Villa's squad for today's Championship match at Cardiff City.
Villa and Boro have been in negotiations about a January transfer for Gestede and the player reportedly went to Teesside yesterday to discuss the move.
But, speaking after their Premier League draw with Leicester City today, Boro boss Karanka said: "Yesterday I was with my family at home celebrating New Year's Day.
"No (I haven't spoken to him). But I want to finish the transfer market with a better squad than we have now.
"We have one month and what will happen now is that we have a month to do things. The club's been working well just as we did in pre-season, so we have to keep going and focus on games."
"I don't know. I have to keep calm as the last four or five days I've just been thinking about the games in Old Trafford and today," Karanka said.
"So now, tomorrow, we have time to start to do everything."
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 12 Shaw Communications Inc:
* Shaw announces second quarter and year-to-date results
* Q2 revenue rose 13.3 percent to c$1.3 billion
* Shaw communications inc - Shaw confirms at this time that there are no changes to our previously issued fiscal 2017 guidance
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.30
* Alek Krstajic has announced they will be stepping down as CEO of Freedom Mobile
* Q2 earnings per share view C$0.30, revenue view c$1.32 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view c$1.33, revenue view c$5.31 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Stamps.Com Inc:
* Stamps.Com reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $1.83
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $1.82
* Q1 revenue $105 million versus I/B/E/S view $94.4 million
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $7.00 to $8.00
* Sees FY 2017 gaap earnings per share about $4.78 to $5.69
* Sees FY 2017 revenue about $405 million to $430 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.37 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY 2017 earnings per share view $6.49, revenue view $417.7 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says for 2017, expect non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of approximately $205 million to $225 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
CAIRO, April 5 Egypt's Naeem Holding on Wednesday started a private placement for a real estate fund worth 1 billion Egyptian pounds ($55.71 million), the company's chief executive officer Yousef Al Far said at a news conference.
The private placement will take place for one month and will be followed by an initial public offering for the fund before the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, due to start at the end of May. ($1 = 17.9500 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; writing by Asma Alsharif. Editing by Jane Merriman)
BEIJING A senior Uighur official in China's restive western region of Xinjiang has admonished other Communist Party "cadres" from the mostly Muslim Uighur minority for failing to pull their weight in the fight against terrorism, state media said.
China has increased security in Xinjiang to fight what it sees as a grave threat from Islamist extremists stirring up ethnic tension.
Right groups say that party restrictions on the religion and culture of the Uighurs create simmering resentment of the state and of policies that encourage the majority Han people to move to the region in vast numbers.
"I have become deeply aware, in these severely complicated circumstances, that we Uighur cadres have not taken on the bulk of the work (in fighting terrorism)," said Mehmet Emin Bekri, a top official in south Xinjiang's Kashgar city, according to a post on an official city account on WeChat, a popular social media app.
"(Our) work ethic is superficial, (our) stability measures half-hearted, and there is a clear gap between (our) security work and the demands of the central, regional and prefectural party committees," they said.
A former trading post, Kashgar is central to China's One Belt, One Road initiative, President Xi Jinping's signature foreign and economic policy that aims to create a new "Silk Road" of trade and infrastructure links between China and the developing nations of Euroasia.
But the city and nearby towns in southern Xinjiang are also among the most unstable in the region, creating a threat to plans that the party is combating with mass police rallies and a raft of new "anti-terror" measures.
"We must be soberly aware that... the infiltration of religious extremist thought is intense, the group influence is large, the scope wide, the level of poison deep, especially among people born in the 1980s and 1990s," Bekri said.
Bekri's remarks were published alongside photos of them meeting with white-bearded elderly Uighurs wearing traditional hats over meals of flat bread.
The party encourages ethnic minorities to become cadres, but Uighurs still number far fewer than Han officials in the region, and as all party employees are expected to be atheist, they are often seen by fellow Uighurs as having abandoned their culture.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Nick Macfie)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 31 Wallix Group SA:
* Reported on Thursday FY revenue of 7.4 milliion euros versus 5.3 million euros year ago
* FY operating loss 1.8 million euros versus loss of 1.1 million euros year ago
* FY net loss 1.7 million euros versus loss of 1.1 million euros year ago
* Orders invoiced but not yet recognized in revenue (deferred revenues) amounted to 3 million euros at the end of 2016, an increase of 59 percent compared to the end of 2015
Source text: bit.ly/2ohDFCy
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
THE Catholic Church is made up of laity and clergy. That is what makes the principle of the separation of church and state (which was intended in the first place to protect the Vatican from prince predators) mythical. The church is composed of sinners and saints. Pope Francis describes it as a hospital for sinners rather than a museum of saints. The citizens in this country who are professed Catholics belong to one or the other category. In our state in life as politicians, professionals, professors, etc. we all belong to the church.
Advertisements
The church guards the absolute political freedom of the faithful with regard to political choices. Given its lack of competence in this field, the church relies on the laity to make a wise and moral judgment regarding the choice of public servants. As our Lord put it—leave to Caesar the things that are Caesar's and to God the things that are God's.
Cardinal Sin was associated with the EDSA revolution not because they made a political judgment but to save the hides of Defense Secretary Enrile and General Ramos. It was a moral judgment call.
If there is opposition to President Duterte's rule, this must come from victims of collateral damage associated with the war on drugs and their empathy for Marcos. Some columnists call them the yellow horde (of the Mongolian era?) or the yellow (plague or fever?) that decimated the world's population or simply the yellows (cowards?). This is clearly absurd as we all belong to the brown race, and if there are of the yellows in this, it is a tiny minority which include the Koh Huang Cos.
The assertion that the new opposition is now church-led rather than yellow-spearheaded is probably not accurate. To be sure, there are princes of the church and excellencies who are biased in favor of or against President Duterte but to say that the church, that Catholics in the country, are now oppositionist, seem not supported by the facts given that they continue to enjoy a hightrust rating, according to the surveys, even if a minority decry their coarse language and criticism of some of the clergy.
Color-coding politics came about when the sympathizers of the martyred Ninoy used the ballad “Tie a yellow ribbon on the old oak tree” to express their welcome of their return to the country. Henceforth, Coryites adopted yellow as a color of opposition to martial rule.
In recent Thai elections, the right—the” yellows” associated with royalty and the generals— were pitted against the “reds” led by the populist-leaning opposition. During the Russian revolution, the Reds overthrew the Whites. In this country we have labeled the communists as Reds.
In sum, color-coding politics has become a shorthand to describe the complexities of politics!
In recent years, there has been much public debate on the role of religion in politics. Does religion play any part in the dynamics of politics and do believers have the right to impose moral values on the state?
The short answer is that citizens should not sacrifice their deeply held moral and religious beliefs on the altar of public policy. In fact, it requires exactly the opposite. San Josemaría Escrivá, the founder of Opus Dei, used to say that a Christian should not leave their moral principles at the door as they enter a public place as they would theirs hat.
Since even government officials are fallible and voters have been shown time and again to be ignorant, capricious and simply uninformed and biased, people of character, including religious believers, must perforce fight for their beliefs in the political arena with vigor. Anything less would be unworthy of a citizen. As the saying goes, it just takes the silence of the citizenry for evil to thrive.
Indeed, Christians must play their God-given role in society, which is to take an active, vocal and morally consistent role in public discourse.
LONDON, March 31 Britain's telecoms regulator said it planned to promote investment in faster broadband by cutting the price that network operator BT can charge other operators for connections with download speeds of up to 40 Mbit per second.
Ofcom said it expected the lower charges to be passed on to residential customers, increasing competition while companies construct their own full-fibre ultrafast networks to compete with BT's Openreach infrastructure.
The regulator said it intended to reduce Openreach's charges for its 40 Mbit/s broadband package, with the price falling from today's level of 88.80 pounds per year to 52.77 pounds in 2020/21.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
THE State Government has taken the first steps towards ensuring Queensland's kids have the swim skills to keep them safe - but is still falling short of other states and experts say much more needs to be done.
Premier Annastacia Palasczuk yesterday announced an audit of school swimming and measures to help low-income families get their youngsters into swim schools.
But they have so far stopped short of ensuring lessons for every student as demanded by the S.O.S. campaign launched by The Courier-Mail and its sister papers across the state.
Experts, including legend Laurie Lawrence, swimming instructors and the Royal Lifesaving Society Australia say compulsory, certified and benchmarked lessons are essential to ensure children have the level of skill necessary.
Ms Palaszczuk announced a voucher scheme for parents to get their kids into swim schools, and a public information campaign fronted by Olympian Mitch Larkin will be pitched at reminding adults to keep children safe. Education Minister Grace Grace will investigate how to make swimming instruction available to students at the 38 schools that currently offer no classes.
"The welfare and safety of Queensland children at school, home and play is important to all of us," Ms Palaszczuk said in a statement yesterday. "Swimming is a life skill every child should have and every parent and guardian should insist upon."
The national water safety body welcomed the moves as a sensible start for waterproofing our kids, but swim coaches say the measures stop far short of what schoolkids need.
Mr Lawrence said the Government had to get real about offering compulsory and benchmarked swimming and water safety lessons in schools.
They said until Queensland adopted a model like Tasmania, where every primary schoolchild received free school lessons until they could show they could swim 50m and were safe in the water, Sunshine State children would be at risk.
"Kids can't swim 50m and it's a disgrace," Mr Lawrence said.
Campbell sisters back swimming campaign: “Swimming should definitely be taught at all schools in Queensland.”
Leading Queensland coaches say existing school programs are extremely basic, many only offering 30 to 40-minute sessions each week for six to eight weeks - well short of producing a safe swimmer.
Olympic silver medallist, coach and instructor Greg Fasala said they had seen teacher-run sessions where a lone teacher was trying to work with 20 to 25 children.
They said an effective ratio was one instructor to five or six students and this had to be one-on-one if the child was scared and needed extra help.
"The school programs in the main are a starting point,'' they said. "They might total four or five hours of time in the water.''
Mr Fasala works with another top coach, Paul Sansby, at Waterworx Aquatic and Fitness Centre at Springfield. Both have been head coaches at leading schools.
They contacted The Courier-Mail with regard to the S.O.S. campaign and said they and Mr Sansby had been in swimming for a collective 80 years.
They said the key to success for a comprehensive program in schools was more time in the water than currently offered, and consistency.
Mr Fasala said to get a child to a level where they were competent would require a minimum of 16-20 hours of swimming and two half-hour lessons a week would be preferable. Mr Fasala said they were seeing primary-age children who were not competent in the water.
Royal Lifesaving Society Australia national president Justin Scarr welcomed the government moves as a sensible start. They said Queensland boasted more schools with pools than other states, and should exploit that.
In 2016-17, 19 children drowned in Queensland - 14 of them aged under five years. Seven children drowned in swimming pools, five in bath tubs, three in lakes and dams, two in objects containing water and one each at the beach and one in a river or creek, Ms Palaszczuk said.
More than 150 Queensland state schools have pools on site and state schools have access to Learn to Swim grants to enable access to other public and private swim facilities.
The Department of Education said 96 per cent of more than 1000 state schools have reported offering a Lean to Swim program.
April 10 Lennar Corp
* Lennar reports one-time charge for litigation from 2008
* Lennar Corp - Recorded a litigation accrual which will result in Q1 net earnings being lower than $130.8 million, or $0.56 per diluted share
* Based on court hearing co now believes it is appropriate to record a one-time charge of $140 million for the litigation
* Lennar Corp - In addition to accrual, company would purchase property which is subject of litigation for $114 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NOT VERY MERRY: A Twyford Street family's Christmas lights display has been destroyed by heartless vandals.
NOT VERY MERRY: A Twyford Street family's Christmas lights display has been destroyed by heartless vandals. Mike Knott BUN121217LIGHTS2
WHAT should be a happy, time of year has turned into a nightmare before Christmas for one family after hundreds of dollars worth of lights were trashed and stolen.
Kim Lawson, who lives on Twyford St in Avoca, said their family were enjoying a birthday dinner at their home on Monday night when their son noticed the dazzling Christmas lights display at the front of their home had been destroyed.
"We live on a corner section and the lights all along the fence line were ripped off and broken in half - about 50 per cent of our lights were damaged,” they said.
"The vandals took the pop-up reindeer and our kids found Santa ripped to pieces further up the street.”
"They also pulled out our solar lights and broke them.”
Mrs Lawson estimated the damage bill to be about $300.
They said it was the first time their family had put up a Christmas display and would probably be the last.
"We are pretty broken hearted - more so for the kids,” they said.
"Our 13-year-old son was devastated - they were picking up the broken lights all down the street.
"Our five-year-old daughter was also very upset and said Santa wouldn't be visiting the vandals this Christmas.”
NOT VERY MERRY: A Twyford Street family's Christmas lights display has been destroyed by heartless vandals. Mike Knott BUN121217LIGHTS5
Mrs Lawson said they had managed to retrieve some of the stolen decorations from their front yard after a neighbour went searching the streets.
"My eldest daughter put a post on Facebook about what had happened and a man who lives nearby saw it and jumped in their car to have a look around for the rest of the decorations,” they said.
"He found a group of teenagers up the road who were in the vicinity of our reindeer that had been dumped.”
"He returned it to us and we reported their sighting to police.”
Mrs Lawson said the crime had come as a shock.
"You don't expect it,” they said.
"We wanted to put up the lights not only for our own kids enjoyment but for other families - it really is disappointing.”
NOT VERY MERRY: A Twyford Street family's Christmas lights display has been destroyed by heartless vandals. Mike Knott BUN121217LIGHTS1
Bundaberg Sergeant Mike McLellan said officers were investigating.
They said it was a timely reminder for residents to keep an eye out for any suspicious activity, with Christmas being a magnet for opportunistic thieves.
"This time of year crime does go up, people go away for the holidays and homes are broken into more frequently,” they said.
"Lock up your homes and your vehicles and be aware of any suspicious persons in the neighbourhood.”
LONDON, April 23 Early indications showed the euro hitting a four-week high of $1.09 on Sunday, according to Reuters data, after pollsters' projections from partial results showed Emmanuel Macron had won the first round of France's presidential election.
Polls showed the centrist Macron coming out on top with between 23 and 24 percent of the vote, with far-right leader Marine Le Pen in second place, meaning both have qualified for the May 7 runoff vote.
Reuters data showed the euro jumping to $1.09, up from a close of $1.0726 on Friday, though liquidity was low ahead of the market open in Asia. (Reporting by Jemima Kelly; editing by Susan Thomas)
(Recasts with Johnson's status)
By Frank Pingue
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 World number one Dustin Johnson, whose participation in the U.S. Masters was in doubt after a freak fall, will definitely tee off in the first round of the year's first major on Thursday, Golf Digest reported.
Johnson landed hard on their back inside an Augusta rental home on Wednesday but the report, which sourced the golfer's trainer, said the 32-year-old-American will tee off at 2:03 p.m. ET (1803 GMT) alongside compatriots Bubba Watson and Jimmy Walker.
Earlier on Thursday Golf Digest had said Johnson was walking with more mobility and took a couple of practice swings slowly without a club.
"We got them to the point where they got mobility," Johnson's trainer, Joey Diovisalvi, said in the report.
"He was up and moving around and definitely going in the right direction. They were very much in an under control point going to bed last night."
Johnson arrived at the year's first major as the tournament favourite after winning their last three events. (Editing by Mark Heinrich/Mitch Phillips)
March 30 Store Capital Corp
* Store Capital raises $235 million in term debt
* Store Capital Corp - notes were sold to a group of qualified institutional buyers at an interest rate of 4.32%
* Sells $135 million in a+ rated securities and enters into $100 million term loan
* Store Capital Corp - raised $100 million through a floating-rate, two-year term loan with three one-year extension options
* Store Capital - net proceeds from sale of master funding notes and term loan to be used to reduce amounts outstanding under co's unsecured credit facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. economic growth will not achieve the new administration's 3 percent goal this year or next, even if some fiscal stimulus and changes to tax laws are implemented, according to economists in a Reuters poll.
Those expectations surfaced amid doubts about President Donald Trump's ability to push through such legislation after the defeat of the administration's healthcare bill.
Having rallied to record levels on prospects of fiscal stimulus, the U.S. stock market and dollar have lost steam, while Treasury yields recently sank to a five-month low.
"Expectations around the size of the fiscal stimulus we would get in the United States were overdone coming into the year," said Ethan Harris, head of global economics at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. "The markets are now converging to a more skeptical view on that."
The poll of more than 100 economists during April 7-19 showed economic growth averaging 2.3 percent this year and 2.4 percent in 2018.
Suggesting confidence in the economy, however, economists raised their annualized forecasts for the second quarter to 2.7 percent from 2.4 percent in March's poll. Third and fourth quarter medians held at 2.4 percent.
If recent history is anything to go by, though, economists could lower this outlook. They have generally been sanguine at the start of the year, only to become less optimistic later.
The forecasts in the latest poll reflect expectations for some tax changes and stimulus, according to almost three-quarters of the 40 economists who answered an additional question.
But the Federal Reserve has made clear it has not factored any fiscal impetus into its outlook.
Economists nonetheless expected a robust labor market to prompt the central bank to raise interest rates twice more this year.
After teeing the market for a rate hike in March, the Fed delivered one 25-basis-point increase, its second in three months, to 0.75-1.00 percent.
A few economists expected more than two additional rate hikes this year and quarterly annualized growth of around 3 percent. Still, fixed-income strategists in a separate Reuters poll said they did not see Treasury yields rising too high, underscoring skepticism about several rate increases. [US/INT]
"Very few people are expecting growth to be 3 percent," said Jim O'Sullivan of High Frequency Economics, who in 2016 became the top forecaster of U.S. economic data in Reuters polls for the second year in a row. "Even the 2 percent that we have been getting, of course, has been enough in the cycle to bring down the unemployment rate and to get the Fed to start the tightening cycle."
If the Fed does raise rates even once more in 2017, this would be the first year in almost a decade that it would tighten twice.
The poll shows the Fed's preferred inflation gauge, the core PCE price index, should reach the central bank's 2 percent target toward year-end, with wage growth remaining lackluster.
The median expectation was for the index to average 1.8 percent annually this year and 2.0 percent next year.
While the Fed is unlikely to raise rates at its May meeting, markets are pricing in a little more than 45 percent probability of an increase in June, according to CME Fed Watch.
The poll predicted a 25 basis point hike in the second quarter and a follow-up increase in the fourth, taking the fed funds rate to a range of 1.25 to 1.50 percent.
"Unless the inflation numbers are much higher-than-expected, I don't see any way the Fed would go more than once a quarter," O'Sullivan said.
The Fed may start laying out plans by year-end to scale back reinvestments in Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities to begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
"Two more moves and then pause for balance sheet normalization in December is very realistic," O'Sullivan said. "Of course, markets are not quite pricing that in at this point."
(Polling and analysis by Hari Kishan and Anu Bararia; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
CHICAGO Severe storms unleashed powerful winds, large hail and heavy downpours on Wednesday in the U.S. Southeast and parts of the Midwest, where several damaging tornadoes reportedly touched down and two people were injured, forecasters said.
Ten tornadoes swept through parts of Georgia, South Carolina and Indiana, leaving behind damaged homes and businesses and downed trees and powerlines, according to spotter reports on the National Weather Service website.
A child was injured when a tree fell on a house near Florence, South Carolina, Weather.com. reported.
The storm front also brought baseball- and golf ball-size hail that shattered windows and dented vehicles throughout Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, South Carolina and Tennessee, according to social media.
In Sumter County, Georgia, around 145 miles (230 km) south of Atlanta, three homes were damaged but reports of a massive tornado were inaccurate, said Nigel Poole, the county's emergency management director.
"We got lucky, we were pretty fortunate," Poole said by telephone.
Winds of up to 70 miles per hour (110 kph) downed trees and power lines across the region. One person was injured in Tennessee when a mobile home was destroyed, Weather.com reported.
The 5.7 million people who live in and around Atlanta experienced the second wettest April day on record as 4.27 inches (11 cm) of rain fell in the metro area, AccuWeather said on Twitter.
The Federal Aviation Administration issued a ground stop at Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport, slowing the flow of inbound flights, but lifted the measure on Wednesday afternoon.
However, the administration reported delays there and at other airports, including Chicago's O'Hare International.
The fan-favorite par-3 tournament at the U.S. Masters, golf's first major of the season, was canceled along with the last practice round in eastern Georgia due to the storm forecast.
Dozens of school districts in Alabama and Georgia canceled classes, while Alabama Governor Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency ahead of the storm front.
A fire department building and elementary school in the town of Goodman, Missouri, some 300 miles (480 km) southwest of St. Louis, were extensively damaged when a tornado touched down on Tuesday night.
The storm caused one minor injury, a city official said.
(Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago and Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; additional reporting by Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Editing by James Dalgleish and Richard Chang)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
DUBAI, April 20 Samba Financial Group, Saudi Arabia's third-largest bank by assets, reported a 2.3 percent drop in first-quarter net profit on Thursday, broadly in line with analysts' forecasts.
The bank made a profit of 1.23 billion riyals ($328.0 million) in the three months to March 31, down from 1.26 billion riyals in the same period a year earlier, it said in a bourse statement.
Three analysts polled by Reuters had on average forecast the bank would make a quarterly net profit of 1.18 billion riyals.
($1 = 3.7502 riyals) (Reporting By Tom Arnold)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
May 2 Deag Deutsche Entertainment Ag
* DEAG intends to increase capital with subscription rights by utilizing authorized capital
* Executive board approved cash capital increase with subscription rights from authorized capital
* Company's capital of 16.3 million euros is to be increased by up to euro 2 million to 18.4 million euros
* Issuing up to 2 million new bearer shares with a notional share in share capital of 1.00 euro per share
* Intends to use expected gross proceeds of up to 5 million euros to finance planned expansion of uk business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 6 A sophisticated hacking group that pursues Chinese government interests broke into the website of a private U.S. trade group ahead of Thursday's summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, according to researchers.
The hackers left a malicious link on web pages where members of the National Foreign Trade Council (NFTC) register for upcoming meetings, according to researchers at Fidelis Cybersecurity and a person familiar with the trade group.
The nonprofit NFTC is a prominent advocate on international trade policy, with corporate members including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Johnson & Johnson, Amazon.com Inc, Ford Motor Co and Microsoft Corp.
The malicious link deployed a spying tool called Scanbox, which would have recorded the type and versions of software running on the computers of those exposed to it, said Fidelis researcher John Bambenek. Such reconnaissance is typically followed by new attacks using known flaws in the detected software, especially older versions.
Scanbox has only been used by groups associated with the Chinese government, Fidelis said, and was recently seen on a political site aimed at Uyghurs, an ethnic minority under close government scrutiny in China.
The breach was detected about five weeks ago by a NFTC director who is a customer of Fidelis, the security company said. Both the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the NFTC were notified and the malicious link removed, and Fidelis said it had no evidence of NFTC members being infected.
The FBI and the NFTC declined to comment. A spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
Bambenek said they believed the attack was classic espionage related to international trade talks, rather than a violation of a 2015 agreement between former U.S. President Barack Obama and Xi to end spying for commercial motives.
The summit starting on Thursday is the first meeting between Xi and Trump, who blamed China on the campaign trail for the loss of many U.S. jobs and vowed to confront the country's leaders on the matters of trade and currency manipulation.
“I think it's traditional espionage that happens ahead of any summit,” said Bambenek. “They would like to know what we, the Americans, really care about and use that for leverage.”
Other security firms agreed that wholesale theft of U.S. intellectual property has not returned.
Instead, FireEye Inc and BAE Systems Plc said that the hacking group identified by Fidelis, called APT10, has recently attacked government and commercial targets in Europe.
FireEye researcher John Hultquist said heavy industries in Nordic countries have been hacked more often as Beijing switches priorities.
“They are certainly taking those resources and pushing them to other places where they can still get away with this behavior," Hultquist said. (Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Addtional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington; Editing by Bill Rigby)
* French bluechips near 10-yr high; German DAX hits record high
* Wall Street little changed as energy shares weigh
* Fed begins two-day monetary policy meeting (Updates prices, changes comment)
By Rodrigo Campos
NEW YORK, May 2 A measure of stocks across major markets globally inched up to a record high on Tuesday, lifted by gains in Europe amid corporate and economic strength, while crude futures tumbled as prices breached key technical levels.
A broad index of European stocks rose to its highest since August 2015, boosted by company earnings and as a survey of factory activity in the euro zone jumped to its highest level since April 2011. French bluechips hit their highest level in nearly a decade and Germany's DAX set a record high.
Robust results have helped lift share prices across the globe this year, with major U.S. indexes at or near record levels. First-quarter profits of companies on the benchmark S&P 500 index are expected to have risen 13.9 percent, the strongest rise since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Shares of Apple were up 0.6 percent ahead of its results after the closing bell. Gains in Mastercard, which was up 1.3 percent, were offset by a 0.5 percent decline in Pfizer after both companies posted earnings.
BP shares rose 1.6 percent after the oil major's first-quarter profit tripled.
"The economy is doing better within Europe, but these also tend to be global companies," said Isabelle Mateos y Lago, chief multi-asset strategist at BlackRock.
"The main reason why we are optimistic is because European companies are extremely well plugged in to benefit from the global reflation story, from China and U.S. growth picking up."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 21.52 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,934.98, the S&P 500 lost 0.04 points to 2,388.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 4.83 points, or 0.08 percent, to 6,086.77.
The pan-European STOXX 600 rose 0.75 percent to end at a near 21-month high and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.25 percent and set an all-time high.
The U.S. dollar hit a six-week high of 112.30 Japanese yen as traders anticipated that despite some recent weak data the Federal Reserve would prepare markets for an interest rate increase in June in its statement following a policy meeting this week.
The yen weakened 0.16 percent against the greenback to 112.02 per dollar.
The Fed is expected to hold interest rates steady after its two-day meeting that began Tuesday, as it pauses to examine more economic data, but may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
Traders do not anticipate a hike on Wednesday but are currently forecasting a 65.2 percent chance of a 25 basis point hike at the Fed's June meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data.
U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury notes last rose 11/32 in price to yield 2.2892 percent, from 2.327 percent late on Monday, ahead of the statement from the central bank on Wednesday.
WTI plunged amid heavy technical selling as it fell through the $48.20 level, traders said, with about 50,000 contracts changing hands in 5 minutes. The selling also pulled global benchmark Brent crude lower.
U.S. crude fell 2.64 percent to $47.55 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.36, down 2.25 percent on the day.
Gold touched a three-week low of $1,251.37 an ounce as demand for the safe-haven asset waned. Spot gold was flat at $1,256.60 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, Additional reporting by Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni in London and Sam Forgione, Lewis Krauskopf, Scott DiSavino and Karen Brettell in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON European stocks have had their best week in over a year as fading faith in the Trump trade has pushed investors across the Atlantic to where the euro and the region's economy may be heading higher.
Figures from Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAML), which track investment flows up until Wednesday, showed $1.5 billion being pumped into European equities and a second straight week of outflows ($0.8 billion) for U.S. shares.
BAML's analysts said it was a case of "Europe in vogue" amid a growing belief that the right-wing Marine Le Pen will not win the French election, but also after U.S. President Donald Trump's image took a hit as saw their first major policy change attempt scuppered.
"The AHCA (Obamacare) vote led to outflows this week from aggressive fiscal stimulus trades (infrastructure, materials, US value)," BAML said.
"It may also have encouraged inflows to bonds (ex. high yield bonds) and further acceleration of flows to non-U.S. equities."
Listing the start of the year's main winners and losers; global equities rose 7 percent outperforming the 2 percent gain in bonds. The biggest "pain trade" meanwhile was the dollar which fell 2 percent and commodities which slumped 5 percent.
Bonds, which are seen as a low risk asset to hold, have seen inflows in 13 of the last 14 weeks, though it includes nine straight weeks on inflows in riskier emerging market debt funds and 16 uninterrupted for inflation-linked TIPS funds.
As the safer end again, precious metals have gained for seven out of the last nine weeks.
Broadly spirits are still high though it seems. A 1-10 "Bull & Bear indicator" BAML compiles remains at 7.0, just shy of a contrarian "sell signal". "We believe investor bullishness is light and reluctant," the bank said.
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Alison Williams)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
SEOUL/VLADIVOSTOK, Russia May 3 When North Korean leader Kim Jong-un sent Lunar New Year greetings this year, the first card went to Russian President Vladimir Putin, ahead of leaders from China and other allies of the isolated country, according to its official news agency.
Some academics who study North Korea argue Kim could be looking for Russia to ease any pain if China, which accounts for about 90 percent of North Korea's trade, steps up sanctions against the isolated country as part of moves to deter its nuclear and missile programmes.
U.S. President Donald Trump lavished praise on Chinese President Xi Jinping last week for Beijing's assistance in trying to rein in Pyongyang. A day later, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson pressed the United Nations Security Council to impose more sanctions to further isolate Pyongyang.
There is no sign of any sustainable increase in trade between Russia and North Korea, but business and transport links between the two are getting busier.
A new ferry service starting next week will move up to 200 passengers and 1,000 tonnes of cargo six times a month between North Korea and the Russian port of Vladivostok.
Shipping data on Thomson Reuters Eikon shows there has been a recent steady flow of oil tanker traffic from Vladivostok into North Korean east coast ports.
Last Thursday, five North Korean-flagged oil tankers had loaded up at Vladivostok-area ports and identified North Korean ports as their destination. It was not known what products they were carrying.
Earlier this year, Russian government officials visited Pyongyang to discuss more cooperation in rail transport, according to media reports. A Russian-built railway link between the Russian eastern border town of Khasan and the North Korean port of Rajin has been used to carry some coal, metals and various oil products.
"North Korea does not care about China's pressure or sanctions because there is Russia next door," said Leonid Petrov, a North Korea expert at Australia National University.
"Pyongyang has been playing off Beijing and Moscow for half a century, letting them compete for the right to aid and influence North Korea."
Russia, especially Vladivostok, is also home to one of the largest overseas communities of North Koreans in the world, and they send home tens of thousands of dollars in much-needed hard currency each month.
Speaking at the United Nations last week, Tillerson called on states to sever diplomatic and financial ties with Pyongyang and suspend the flow of North Korean guest workers. The Security Council has not yet agreed on any course of action.
While Russia has not indicated it will oppose U.N. sanctions or seek to dilute them, its ties with the United States are fraught, which could complicate its joining any U.S.-led initiative on North Korea.
Trump and Putin spoke in a telephone call on Tuesday and discussed North Korea, among other issues, both sides said. There was no word of any agreement.
"LOYAL PARTNER"
Samuel Ramani, a Russia expert at Oxford University, said support for the Pyongyang regime could bring economic benefits for Moscow. It would demonstrate Russia was "a loyal partner to anti-Western regimes facing international isolation and sanctions", they said.
"As Russia has close economic links with other countries at odds with the West, like Iran, Venezuela and Syria, this symbolic dimension of the Russia-North Korea relationship has strategic significance."
The United States is calling for an embargo in oil sales to North Korea, which imports all its fuel needs. China, North Korea's main supplier, is unlikely to agree because that would be potentially destabilising for the Pyongyang regime, but it may impose curbs on the trade, experts say.
China exports about 500,000 tonnes of crude and 270,000 tonnes of products each year, oil industry sources in China say. Russia, the other major supplier of oil to North Korea, exported about 36,000 tonnes of oil products in 2015, the latest year for which figures are available, according to U.N. data.
Russia has already taken over the supply of jet fuel to North Korea after China halted exports two years ago, according to the industry sources in China.
Russia is also the source of foreign exchange for North Korea, mostly from Vladivostok.
The city of 600,000 people, just about 100 km (60 miles) from the border with North Korea, is home to thousands of North Koreans who mainly work on construction or do home renovations. A city web site advertises "Korean Professional Contractors" and says they work "Cheaply and Fast".
One North Korean man, who works as a handyman, told Reuters
they were obliged to hand over a portion of their income - $500 – to the North Korean state each month. Thin and in their 30s, they did not disclose their monthly income, but said they charged 4,000 roubles (about $70) for a day's labour.
The man said they had worked in Russia for 11 years, leaving their wife and daughter back home whom they only saw on rare visits.
Like all North Koreans, they wore a badge on their lapel bearing the portrait of late North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
"It's better here than in North Korea," said the man, who did not want to be named. "It's a very difficult life there. Here you can make money."
But the most symbolic upturn in ties between Russia and North Korea is the start of regular trips of the Mangyongbong ferry from Monday between Vladivostok and the North Korean town of Rajin.
Vladimir Baranov, the head of Vladivostok-based Investstroitrest company, told Reuters their company had chartered the Mangyongbong and would be the general agent for the ferry route. The ageing boat used to ferry tourists between Japan and North Korea, but Tokyo banned its visits in 2006 as part of sanctions against Pyongyang.
An editorial in Japan's Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper described the ferry service to Russia as "a move that puts a damper on international efforts to strengthen the encirclement of North Korea aimed at halting its nuclear and missile development."
Still, despite the differences with the United States and the existing links with North Korea, experts say Russia is unlikely to sharp increase trade with Pyongyang because of its low foreign exchange reserves and general unreliability.
"All trade with North Korea has to be subsidised," said Andrei Lankov, a Russian North Korea expert at Seoul's Kookmin University. "I do not see the Russian government spending its dwindling currency reserves to support the regime they despise and see as incurably ungrateful, and also prone to risky adventurism". (Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova, Natalia Chumakova, Gleb Gorodyankin, Alexander Winning and Andrew Osborn in Moscow, Steve Holland in Washington,; Michelle Nichols at the United Nations, Chen Aizhu and Josephine Mason in Beijing; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau (France) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut (France) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller (Luxembourg) beat Andreas Seppi (Italy) 7-6(5) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev (Germany) beat Adrian Mannarino (France) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene (Britain) beat Ernesto Escobedo (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Avenue Supermarts Ltd:
* SAYS COMPLETED ACQUISITION OF 43.6 MILLION SHARES OF AVENUE E-COMMERCE AGGREGATING TO 492.1 MILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2BP1N1Q Further company coverage:
(Corrects the premium to a cash price premium, not a percentage increase)
DUBAI, April 13 Saudi Arabia's $9 billion debut international sukuk, launched and priced on Wednesday, was seen trading at a cash price premium of roughly 0.5 cents over the bond issue price in the grey market early on Thursday, traders said, illustrating demand that had generated orders of $33 billion.
The dollar sukuk, with a coupon of 2.894 percent for the five-year paper and 3.628 percent for the 10-year tranche, is the largest-ever Islamic bond and the largest emerging markets debt sale this year, beating Kuwait's $8 billion conventional bond in March. (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; Editing by David Goodman)
April 6 Vivendi
* Says will pay $26.4 million to settle remaining claims still in dispute in a securities class action lawsuit begun in the United States in 2002, putting the case to rest.
* This amount represents approximately one third of the total $78 million it will pay to resolve the entire litigation, including the judgments previously entered.
* The resolution of this litigation will result in a net reversal of provision of approximately 25 million euros in Vivendi's 2017 financial statements. Given that the provision had been already been deducted for tax purposes, this reversal will be taxed in 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9394 euros) (Reporting by Adrian Croft)
Britain Soccer Football - Chelsea v Manchester City - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 5/4/17 Chelsea's Eden Hazard has their penalty saved before scoring their second goal from the rebound Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
LONDON Chelsea ticked off three more points in their Premier League title quest with a 2-1 victory over Manchester City on Wednesday but Tottenham Hotspur's Houdini-like 3-1 win at Swansea means the race is far from over.
With Chelsea leading fourth-placed City at an edgy Stamford Bridge courtesy of Eden Hazard's first-half brace and Tottenham, who kicked off 15 minutes earlier, trailing 1-0 at Swansea, a decisive swing in Chelsea's favour loomed.
However, Dele Alli's 88th-minute equaliser for Tottenham followed by stoppage-time strikes from Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen means Chelsea's lead remains seven points with eight games of the season remaining.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte described their side's gritty victory as a "big win" but said 90 points may be needed before they can start celebrating.
"The Tottenham result is important but the most important was our result," Conte, whose side rebounded from Saturday's first home defeat since September against Crystal Palace, told reporters after becoming the first manager to do a league double over City boss Pep Guardiola.
"The best thing for us to think is that Tottenham could win eight games so to win the title we need 18 points."
Joshua King's late leveller for Bournemouth in a 2-2 draw at Anfield all but knocked Liverpool out of the title equation as they are 12 points adrift of Chelsea having played a game more.
Goals by Philippe Coutinho and Divock Origi either side of halftime had put Liverpool ahead after Benik Afobe struck early for the visitors but once again Juergen Klopp's side dropped points against the supposed also-rans.
With City, without a win in four games, a further two points back in fourth, Guardiola's chief concern will be ensuring they keep above Arsenal and Manchester United in the scrap for qualification for next season's Champions League.
RASH TACKLE
Sergio Aguero's equaliser on Wednesday, their 15th league goal of the season, looked to have given City the launchpad to increase Chelsea's jitters but Fernandinho's rash tackle on Pedro for a penalty which Hazard scored on the rebound meant Guardiola was outsmarted by Conte for the second time.
"We come here to Stamford Bridge and play the way we have, with huge personality. I'm a lucky guy to manage these guys," Guardiola, an animated figure throughout the match, said.
With United only drawing with Everton on Tuesday, Arsenal moved up to fifth, four points behind City with a game in hand, after a 3-0 home victory over struggling West Ham United -- a first win in four for Arsene Wenger's side.
It was not just an important night at the top.
Hull City's third win in four games -- a 4-2 triumph over Middlesbrough with five goals coming before the break -- saw Marco Silva's team climb above Swansea and out of the bottom three.
Lazar Markovic, Oumar Niasse, Abel Hernandez and Harry Maguire were all on target to leave Boro looking favourites along with Sunderland to drop into the Championship next season.
Sunderland are 10 points adrift of the safety zone while Boro, without a win since December, are seven behind Hull.
Swansea, who led through Wayne Routledge's early goal at the Liberty Stadium and seemed poised for a priceless victory, slipped back into the bottom three, two points below Hull.
Palace fell back to earth with a bump after their weekend heroics at Stamford Bridge, losing 3-1 at Southampton while West Ham's fifth defeat on the spin keeps Slaven Bilic's side too close to the relegation zone for comfort.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
DUBAI, April 3 Kuwait's equity index underperformed while the United Arab Emirates climbed ahead in an otherwise quiet region in thin early trade on Monday.
Kuwait's index, which has been one the best performing stock markets in the world since the start of the year, fell 0.9 percent.
Most of the usually heavily traded stocks fell, with the largest warehouse manager in the Gulf, Agility Public Warehousing ,and Kuwait Food Co each down 1.6 percent.
Hospital manager Al Mowasat Healthcare slumped 6.8 percents as its shares went ex-dividend.
Qatar's index was down 0.5 percent with number of declining shares outnumbering number of advancing ones nine to seven. Islamic lender Masraf Al Rayan was the main laggard, dropping 3.9 percent.
In Riyadh, the index edged down 0.2 percent in very thin trade. Some 62 shares declined and 45 were up after 25 minutes of trade.
Domestic-focused shares were some of the main underperformers, with electronics retailer United Electronics Company down 1.2 percent and healthcare provider Taiba Holding falling 1.4 percent.
Meanwhile, United Arab Emirates bourses outperformed. Dubai's index was up 0.5 percent with the previous session's most heavily traded shares - Union Properties - up 2.5 percent in above average trade.
Other small and mid-sized shares often traded by day traders were also outperforming.
Abu Dhabi's index rose 0.4 percent as Sunday's top performer Abu Dhabi National Energy jumped 7.8 percent. On Sunday, shares of the oil explorer and power supplier had jumped their 15 percent daily limit in heavy trade.
A Dubai-based portfolio manager said that the spike in volume amid a still low turnover - relative to other traded shares - suggested only a few players had pushed share prices significantly higher.
The largest real estate developer Aldar Properties was up 0.9 percent. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Saeed Azhar and Tom Heneghan)
KINGSTON Olympic and double world sprint relay gold medallist Asafa Powell has withdrawn from Jamaica's team for this weekend's third IAAF World Relays event in the Bahamas.
The team's technical leader, Maurice Wilson, confirmed to Reuters by phone on Thursday that Powell -- twice world 100m bronze medallist -- was among three athletes to pull out of the team currently heading for the Bahamas.
“I've been informed that Asafa Powell is not available; Julian Forte is also not available; Rusheen McDonald is also out. Those are experienced athletes that would make a big difference to the composition of the team,” Wilson said.
Powell's absence is a huge blow to the Jamaican team, who are already without eight-time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt, who did not make themselves available.
Powell's publicist, Tara Playfair-Scott, told Reuters on Thursday that the 34-year-old's decision to withdraw was strategic.
“He's training. We're just being very selective in what they run, because they have Doha (Diamond League meet) next week,” they said.
“To do World Relays and Doha, to come back to do all of the other stuff ... we want to do as limited amount (of races) as possible and just focus on the bigger ones,” Playfair-Scott added.
Wilson also revealed that two of Jamaica's top female competitors might be competing in only one relay each.
“I've not had any final discussion with the coach (Stephen Francis), but I was advised that (Olympic sprint double gold medallist) Elaine Thompson would only be available for the 4x200 and Shericka Jackson (Olympic and World Championship 400m bronze medallist) for the 4x200 as well,” Wilson added.
Despite the withdrawals, Wilson is confident the Jamaica team will do well in the Bahamas.
REVISED JAMAICAN TEAM FOR IAAF/BTC WORLD RELAYS BAHAMAS
2017Men4x100m: Kemar Bailey-Cole, Yohan Blake, Everton Clarke, Jevaughn Minzie4x200m: Nickel Ashmeade, Oshane Bailey, Rasheed Dwyer, Nigel Ellis, Chadic Hinds, Warren Weir4x400m: Javere Bell, Javon Francis, Demish Gaye, Steven Gayle, Peter MatthewsWomen4x100m: Gayon Evans, Simone Facey, Sashalee Forbes, Natasha Morrison, Christania Williams4x200m: Samantha Henry-Robinson, Anastacia Le-Roy, Jura Levy, Dawnalee Loney, Audra Segree, Elaine Thompson4x400m: Verone Chambers, Christine Day, Shericka Jackson, Anneisha McLaughlin-Whilby, Stephenie Ann McPherson, Janieve RussellMixed 4x400m: Natoya Goule, Jaheel Hyde, Tiffany James, Martin Manley, Jamari Rose, Ristananna Tracey
(Writing by Kayon Raynor,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Intiger Group Ltd:
* THROUGH UNIT ENTERED LOI WITH COMMONWEALTH FINANCIAL PLANNING, & SEPARATE DEEDS OF AGREEMENT WITH FINANCIAL WISDOM & COUNT FINANCIAL​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Hotelest Ltd:
* FY group profit before taxation of 67.6 million rupees versus 306.8 million rupees year ago
* FY revenue of 3.63 billion rupees versus 3.75 billion rupees year ago
* Says 2017 remains challenging, more so with important markets like China and South Korea not progressing
* Says CHSL'soverall outlook for 2017 is more positive, with much improved results anticipated Source: bit.ly/2oAPYpP Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
PARIS Clermont Auvergne reached their third final in Europe's premium club competition when their impressive start helped them to beat Leinster 27-22 in the semi-finals of the Champions Cup in Lyon on Sunday.
The French side, who lost their first two finals in 2013 and 2015, will face defending champions Saracens in Edinburgh after holding off three-time champions Leinster in a see-saw encounter.
Clermont scored two tries through Peceli Yato and David Strettle, with Morgan Parra kicking a conversion and two penalties and Camille Lopez scoring a penalty and two drop goals.
Leinster's points came from Jonathan Sexton's five penalties and only conversion, as well as Garry Ringrose's jaw-dropping try.
Clermont were quick off the mark, with flanker Yato scoring an early try after collecting a fine Strettle pass.
Parra added the extras just before Leinster's Isa Nacewa was sin-binned for a sly pull.
Parra converted the resulting penalty and after 13 minutes Clermont were 15-0 up as Strettle dived over after dancing past Dan Leavy and Joey Carbery.
Parra missed the conversion, then a penalty and the Irish side gradually fought their way back into the contest with Sexton scoring a penalty on the stroke of halftime.
Sexton added three penalties as Leinster edged close but Parra's kick restored a six-point lead for the hosts and Lopez gave them more breathing space with a fine drop goal.
Ringrose's dazzling run for a beautiful try and Sexton's conversion set up a nail-biting finale.
Lopez, however, slotted home a penalty and a late drop goal to secure Clermont's win, with Sexton managing to reduce the arrears two minutes from time.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Clare Fallon)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Fixes name of Air Astana in paragraph 7)
* Names of buyers not disclosed
* Electronic auction involved small, mid-sized firms
* Process to be completed by 2018 -assets optimisation chief
* Focus turning to sale of fund's larger crown jewels
By Claire Milhench
LONDON, April 5 Kazakhstan's $67 billion sovereign wealth fund Samruk-Kazyna has sold over 120 small and mid-sized firms by electronic auction and is preparing larger firms for sale under its privatisation programme, a managing director of the fund said on Wednesday.
Berik Beisengaliyev, managing director for assets optimisation, declined to disclose any of the buyers' names but said the process of selling the fund's small- and mid-sized firms should be completed by 2018.
They said there were still about 35-40 such companies left to be sold out of the 172 originally earmarked for sale via online auction. "Some of the small companies were liquidated," they told Reuters in London through a translator.
They said the emphasis was now shifting to the larger companies on Samruk-Kazyna's books, including flagship carrier Air Astana, uranium producer Kazatomprom, Samruk Energy and KazMunayGaz (KMG).
Oil-rich Kazakhstan was hit hard by the fall in world oil prices from a high of $115 in June 2014 to around $55 a barrel today. Its ambitious privatisation push aims to reduce the presence of the state in the economy to 15 percent by 2021.
For Samruk-Kazyna, it will mean publicly listing or selling stakes in some of the fund's crown jewels, to generate cash for investment in mining, oil and gas production or the petrochemicals industry, or to pay down debt.
Air Astana and Kazatomprom are slated to list first, followed by Samruk Energy and KMG in a second wave, then Kazpost and railway operator Kazakhstan Temir Zholy in a third wave, Beisengaliyev said.
Beisengaliyev, who was in London to speak at a Samruk-Kazyna investor day, said they had seen "huge interest" for Air Astana and Kazatomprom from investors: "We saw a very positive mood in the market."
KAZATOMPROM OPTION
A final decision on where the companies will list, or whether they will seek dual listings, has not yet been made.
They added that it was also too early to say if Kazatomprom would exercise its put option on its 10 percent stake in Westinghouse Electric, the U.S. nuclear firm that has just filed for bankruptcy.
This option falls due on October 2017, and Beisengaliyev said a decision would be taken nearer the time.
Stakes in Kazakhtelecom, mining company Tau-Ken Samruk and domestic carrier Qazaq Air are being prepared for sale to strategic investors. TauKen, which is 100 percent owned by Samruk-Kazyna, was originally included in the list of companies expected to go to initial public offering (IPO).
"Given the size of the company and its readiness for privatisation, we took the decision that a sale to strategic investors would be more appropriate to consider than an IPO," Beisengaliyev said.
Stakes in another 36 core companies are also expected to be sold to strategic investors - likely to be best-in-class industry players who will be able to offer technical expertise to help improve the firms, they said.
To make the companies more appealing to potential buyers, attempts are under way to restructure the debt, hire quality managers and improve corporate governance.
This transformation programme extends across Samruk-Kazyna's portfolio, with the aim of generating 1 trillion tenges ($3.21 billion) in cost savings by 2020, they said.
As part of this rationalisation, some unprofitable companies are being liquidated or merged.
Beisengaliyev said the aim was to reduce the number of companies in the fund's portfolio to 300 by the end of 2017 with just five management layers, down from 404 companies in January.
It has already cut the number from 600 companies and nine management layers in 2014. ($1 = 311.6600 tenge) (Reporting by Claire Milhench; editing by Mark Heinrich, Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Photo: Ben Hider / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Production of a Brooklyn pilsner called Biëryoncé halted production after Beyoncé, the beer's namesake and label inspiration, ordered the creators to cease and desist. The beer brand was launched this fall and Beyonce's legal team took action as soon as they found out about it. Now, members of the Beyhive can seek out cans as limited edition collectibles.
Related: Beyoncé Presents Muhammad Ali Award to Colin Kaepernick
Lineup Brewing owner Katarina Martinez insists that both the name and the Bey typography-inspired label were intended as a compliment.
“As a Hispanic, female-run business, I am very inspired by them so I thought I'd pay homage,” Martinez told Pitchfork. “We're disappointed they didn't take it as a compliment, but oh well. It was fun while it lasted!”
Bey and their representatives have not commented.
The Biëryoncé brew earned attention from industry bibles, including Bon Appétit magazine, which wrote that it's “perfect for those chilly-but-sunny Sundays when every song that plays from your phone is your favorite song.”
We'd suggest pouring one out in memory of Biëryoncé, but it'd be a shame to waste it.
A woman counts Chinese Yuan banknotes as they sell tickets for a job fair in Beijing, China, February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
SHANGHAI China should look to strengthen the role of the yuan as an international reserve currency to help maintain financial stability and deter capital outflows, a senior central bank official said in a commentary on Thursday.
The country should "strengthen the renminbi's reserve currency status" and its "free usability" amid pressures of currency depreciation, Zhu Jun, director of the international division of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), said in a Shanghai Securities News commentary.
This would strengthen international trust in the currency, raise tolerance for fluctuations in its exchange rate and "lower the possibility of capital outflows caused by confidence issues," the official said.
The official's comments come after U.S. President Donald Trump said their administration would not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even though they said the U.S. dollar was "getting too strong".
The yuan CNY=CFXS fell 6.6 percent against the dollar in 2016, its biggest annual drop since 1994, as it was pressured by worries about slowing Chinese growth and a strong dollar, which has spurred capital outflows from many emerging markets.
"International reserve currency status can greatly increase confidence domestically and internationally in the currency, reducing chances of economic and financial crises," Zhu said.
They added it also reduced the need to accumulate large foreign exchange reserves.
The yuan joined the International Monetary Fund's basket of reserve currencies in October last year, a milestone for China to be recognized as a global economic power.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
May 2 Anadarko Petroleum Corp
* Anadarko issues statement regarding Firestone accident
* Provides statement regarding Frederick-Firestone Fire Protection District's results of investigation into accident in firestone
* Says "Last week we shut in our vertical wells in oak meadows area and throughout basin"
* Will also continue to work with Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission on additional steps or actions agency deems necessary Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Debanjan Bose)
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The prime surviving suspect in the Islamic State attacks which killed 130 people in Paris in 2015 goes on trial in Belgium on Monday, charged over a later shootout with Brussels police before they were arrested.
Salah Abdeslam, 28, a French citizen born and raised in the Belgian capital, is accused of “attempted murder in a terrorist context” over the Brussels shootout in March 2016, four months after they fled Paris on the night of the carnage during which their brother was among the suicide bombers.
Facing a later trial in France over the Nov. 13, 2015, attacks, they will be ferried daily from France under heavy security to the main courthouse in Brussels.
Prosecutors also believe they were associated with three men who blew themselves up at Brussels airport and on the city's metro on March 22, 2016, four days after Abdeslam was arrested close to their family home. However, they and accomplice are only charged with wounding Belgian and French police who raided a suspected hideout in the city on March 15.
“For these acts, they may receive a sentence of up to 40 years in prison,” Luc Hennart, president of the French-speaking Brussels court of first instance, told Reuters television.
Abdeslam became Belgium's most wanted man after surveillance footage caught them returning from France the day after an Islamist militant group that included their brother killed 130 people in coordinated gun and suicide bomb attacks in Paris.
Despite a massive police effort to find him, they evaded capture for four months before eventually being detained in a raid in the western Brussels district of Molenbeek, home to a large Muslim population mostly of Moroccan origin.
Three days before their arrest, prosecutors say they were one of three men holed up in an apartment in the southern Brussels borough of Forest when police arrived for what they believed would be a routine search linked to the Paris attacks.
Four police officers, including a French police officer, were wounded and a suspect armed with an assault rifle was killed. Prosecutors say Abdeslam and an accomplice escaped.
The trial is set to trigger high security in a city that was hit by suicide bombings at its airport and on its metro system by members of the same Islamic State-inspired group on March 22, 2016.
More than 100 police are expected to be deployed in and around Brussels' 19th century Palace of Justice, which dominates the skyline over the Renaissance city centre.
“These are undeniably tough security measures, but they are simply the consequence of the police's assessment of the security need for the trial,” Hennart said.
Abdeslam's trial has been repeatedly postponed. Some Belgian media said there may be further delays after proceedings begin on Monday as lawyers ask for more time to prepare their cases.
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Industrial workers in Germany started a third day of 24-hour strikes over pay and working hours on Friday, downing their tools at companies including carmakers Mercedes-Benz and Porsche and airplane maker Airbus .
The full-day walkouts, which are due to end late on Friday, are labour union IG Metall's last warning shot before votes are cast on whether to take extended industrial action that could cost German companies hundreds of millions of euros in lost production.
Both the union and employers have said they are open to resuming talks on Monday next week, but they have each insisted that the other side show more willingness to make concessions.
Citing Germany's fastest economic growth in six years and record low unemployment, IG Metall is demanding an 8 percent pay rise over 27 months for 3.9 million metal and engineering workers across Europe's largest economy.
The union has also asked for workers to be given the right to reduce their weekly hours to 28 from 35 to care for children, elderly or sick relatives, and to be able to return to full time after two years.
This is IG Metall's first major push for a change in hours since workers staged seven weeks of strikes in 1984 to help secure a cut of the working week to 35 from 40 hours.
Employers have offered a 6.8 percent wage increase, but rejected the demand for shorter hours unless they can also increase workers' hours when necessary.
They have also dismissed the idea that they should make up some of the pay shortfall for workers who cut their hours.
Nearly 200,000 workers at more than 100 companies including truckmaker MAN and carmaker Ford staged rolling 24-hour strikes on Wednesday and Thursday, according to IG Metall.
By the end of Friday, that number is expected to rise to around 260 companies.
The DIW economic institute has estimated the strikes could cost companies a total of 62 million euros ($77 million) a day in lost revenue, assuming around 50,000 workers, or on average 200 per company, stop working for one day each.
In a separate dispute, IG Metall has also threatened to cripple car production at Volkswagen if top executives continue to block noticeable pay increases for German staff at Europe's biggest carmaker.
After three rounds of fruitless bargaining, more than 20,000 workers at VW's core Wolfsburg factory had walked off their shifts for two hours on Thursday, staging the first warning strikes at VW since 2004.
March 29 Cara Therapeutics Inc
* Cara Therapeutics announces proposed offering of common stock
* Cara Therapeutics Inc - commenced an underwritten public offering of $80 million of shares of its common stock
* Cara Therapeutics Inc - proceeds of offering are expected to be used to fund company's clinical and research development activities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – A large scale search effort brought together multiple resources throughout Richmond County to help find LaTania Carwell. The Richmond County Sheriff's Office, Richmond County Board of Education Police, Richmond County District Attorney, Augusta Fire Department and many others took part in the day-long search.
Sheriff Richard Roundtree, who spoke with media in the mid Wednesday, said the search is about two things; finding LaTania's body and preparing the prosecution.
“Our main goal is to recover the Ms. Carwell's remains and the successful prosecution of this case,” Sheriff Roundtree said.
All resources were on deck as the joint search team canvassed the Terrace Manor neighborhood and Regency Mall for the body of LaTania Carwell by foot and by air.
Sheriff Roundtree explained what came of the three mile area searched the yielded evidence connected to the case. “We did find evidence. We did find information that is connected to this particular case and we feel that in the future that's going to be significant.”
The search started back at Carwell's home first thing Wednesday morning. A door-to-door search led to tips before the team transitioned to Phase 2 of the search at Regency Mall. The sheriff said a forensic search done in the home and both of theTripp vehicles turned up nothing. But there is enough forensic evidence to put LaTania at the Tate Road home before midnight April 17, the day they were reported missing.
Despite the homicide search, many people are hoping LaTania is still alive until an actual body is recovered.
“We would prefer to see a live body, absolutely would,” Sheriff Roundtree said. “All we can do is go with the evidence we have at hand and work diligently from there. We want peace, but based on the information we have obtained, we feel that we're working a homicide investigation.”
We now know that when Tanya Tripp took off to Atlanta to join their husband, a third person drove one or both of them that person is cooperating with investigators.
“We have identified the individual who has provided transportation to one or two of the trips. We don't feel they're connected to the case,” they said.
Since the case started as a missing person's report from a mother now behind bars, Roundtree said the prior story they told deputies isn't credible and every piece must be re-evaluated in a case that is pulling on the heart strings of many.
“Everybody has turned 16 once,” the Sheriff explained. “It's something you looked forward to doing. It was a milestone in your life. It's something that everyone growing up looks forward to, a Sweet 16. It has been part of our culture for a very long time. And they will never have anything to experience beyond that.”
Sheriff Roundtree added both Leon and Tanya Tripp have regained counsel and neither have confessed. We are working to see whether a search will take place Thursday.
Photojournalist: Mark Gaskins
SHANGHAI, April 12 The Shanghai Stock Exchange said on Wednesday it would investigate "abnormal trading" by an unnamed brokerage in shares of Ping An Insurance Group Co and Industrial Bank Co Ltd.
The exchange said in a statement that it had noticed massive selling of Ping An and Industrial Bank shares by a certain brokerage via an asset management account, which triggered sudden falls in the stocks just moments before the market close on Wednesday.
The exchange said it immediately suspended trading in that account and would talk to the brokerage's manager and investigate into the issue.
The two companies' share prices recovered by market close, with Ping An ending down 0.5 percent and Industrial Bank falling 1.1 percent. (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
ATHENS, April 10 Greece's annual EU-harmonised inflation rate accelerated in March, statistics service data showed on Monday, with the reading coming in slightly above market expectations. The reading in March was 1.7 percent from 1.4 percent in February. Consumer prices were led higher by housing, transportation costs, alcoholic beverages and tobacco. Economists polled by Reuters were forecasting a 1.5 percent print. The data also showed the headline consumer price index picked up to 1.7 percent year-on-year, from 1.3 percent in the previous month and 1.2 in January, when it emerged from a protracted deflation trend. For years an inflation outlier in the euro zone, Greece had been in a protracted deflation mode since March 2013 based on its headline index, as wage and pension cuts and a multi-year recession took a heavy toll on Greek household incomes. Deflation in Greece, which signed up to its first international bailout in 2010, hit its highest level in November 2013, when consumer prices registered a 2.9 percent year-on-year decline. Euro zone annual inflation slowed in March by far more than the market had expected, driven down mostly by a deceleration of energy price rises, based on estimates from the European Union statistics office. Inflation in the 19 countries sharing the euro was 1.5 percent year-on-year, Eurostat estimated, down from a four-year high of 2.0 percent recorded in February. *************************************************************** KEY FIGURES MARCH FEB JAN DEC NOV OCT SEPT EU-harmonised 1.7 1.4 1.5 0.3 -0.2 +0.6 -0.1 CPI y/y 1.7 1.3 1.2 0.0 -0.9 -0.5 -1.0 --------------------------------------------------------------- source: ELSTAT (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRUSSELS Britain is in uproar over a German newspaper account of last week's Brexit talks between Prime Minister Theresa May and EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker. Here are reading notes for the saga:
WHAT DOES THE ARTICLE SAY?
Headlined "The Disastrous Brexit Dinner", Monday's article in the Frankfurter Allgemeine quotes an unidentified source or sources saying European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker was "shocked" at May's position at a Downing Street dinner last Wednesday. They fear the two sides are so far apart that the chances are even that Britain will leave the EU in March 2019 with no agreement - creating a chaotic legal limbo across Europe.
IS THAT TRUE?
While confirming nothing, Juncker aides do not deny that they said: "I'm leaving Downing Street 10 times more sceptical than I was before." The account, by a German correspondent respected for their access to Juncker's entourage, includes detail from a pre-dinner meeting involving only four people: May, Juncker and their advisers Oliver Robbins and German lawyer Martin Selmayr. Few in Brussels doubt the FAZ's source was close to the talks and EU officials have confirmed many of the details to Reuters.
BUT IS IT JUST "BRUSSELS GOSSIP"?
May dismissed the story as "Brussels gossip". In public, Juncker says the talks were "constructive", "excellent" and "friendly". But they also said British officials "underestimate" the complexity of the issues that must be resolved. EU officials say the concerns expressed in the article reflect EU thinking.
DOESN'T THIS LEAK HURT TALKS?
A sour mood is certainly a worry. EU officials say London started it by vetoing a budget measure last week due to "purdah" - a hold on decisions before a June 8 election. Selmayr tweeted there would "FULL PURDAH RECIPROCITY", scrapping plans for informal discussions on the logistics of Brexit talks.
EU officials say that making public their concerns about the British position may help change it. For example, after a call from Juncker early on Thursday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel urged Britons to abandon their "illusions" about Brexit. Juncker told Merkel that May was "living in another galaxy" - which May denied - and Merkel repeated their appeal on Saturday.
ISN'T BRUSSELS JUST BEING OBSTRUCTIVE?
May has been frustrated at the EU refusal to sign off on a quick deal to say the 4 million expats on either side of a new UK-EU border shouldn't worry about staying. The FAZ said they proposed fixing that at a June 22 EU summit and said 3 million EU citizens in Britain would be treated like other foreigners. The EU insists that airy assurances are worthless without deep legal discussion and wants the extensive rights of EU citizens protected by enforceable treaty terms. Juncker showed May huge piles of EU treaty paperwork to make their point, officials said.
IS MAY Underestimate HOW HARD IT IS?
They admit talks will be "tough". They insist that Brexit can be "a success" and mutually beneficial, while Juncker and others say all they can do is manage a "lose-lose" outcome. When Juncker told them flatly that Brexit could not be a success, the FAZ says, they recounted a deal they cut as interior minister, giving Britain opt-outs on EU security policies. "That set off the alarm bells for Juncker's people," the paper wrote, saying their comparison of a minor, technical negotiation and the vast complexities of Britain leaving the EU worried Juncker.
Also a worry in Brussels, was May saying they would lead the negotiations herself. The FAZ said they proposed monthly talks lasting four days each. EU officials expect more like permanent negotiations in Brussels, requiring May to name a team leader.
ISN'T IT JUST ABOUT TIMING?
Timing is part of it. May wants talks now on how Britain can keep free trade with the EU after leaving. The EU stance agreed by the 27 other leaders on Saturday is that Britain must first get an outline deal on its divorce, notably expats' rights, settling the EU budget and border control, especially in Ireland. That could be done by the end of the year, they say.
So far, so confrontational. Juncker says Britain may owe the EU something like 60 billion euros in 2019. Chief negotiator Michel Barnier, who was also at the dinner, says the sum cannot be calculated until the end but the methodology must be agreed. What worried Juncker most in Downing Street, according to the FAZ, was that May insisted that nothing was owed. And Brexit Secretary David Davis said the EU could not force payment. In that case, Juncker said, EU states would not offer a trade deal.
SO TALKS REALLY CAN FAIL?
Well ... There is clearly a good deal of mutual irritation and suspicion. The leak will not help. The FAZ actually recounts May repeating their insistence on secrecy. The EU, bound to keep 27 leaky European governments informed, is resigned to that being impossible and plans to make a virtue of "transparency".
But if both sides repeated their readiness over the weekend to deal with the collapse of negotiations, both sides know that could mean deep economic and human disruption. Article 50 of the EU treaty says that Britain will be out of the Union on March 30, 2019, with or without a treaty settling legal uncertainty. The EU says that would be worse for Britain, which sells nearly half its exports to the bloc, but there would be pain all round.
DOES THIS STORY CHANGE ANYTHING?
It won't help British confidence in keeping secrets, but few in Brussels saw much chance of that anyway. London might now see the Commission, especially Juncker and Selmayr, as especially hostile. In fact, however, diplomats say they have been trying to rein back some tougher demands from member states. More important are practical steps than can build, or break, trust.
"What's happening now is mainly just a media storm," said a senior EU official dealing with Brexit preparations. "But," if, after the British election, there are further attempts to strong-arm Brussels by, say, holding up EU budgets or business, "then that will create a major problem for the negotiations."
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; @macdonaldrtr, editing by Larry King)
FILE PICTURE: Ukrainian Finance Minister Oleksandr Danylyuk speaks during an interview with Reuters in Berlin, Germany, August 30, 2016. REUTERS/Joachim Herrmann
LONDON Ukraine has failed to offer a "justiciable" or court-ready defence for not paying back $3 billion lent to it by Russia in 2013, a British court ruled on Wednesday, refusing to send the case to a full trial.
This included a claim that non-payment was a countermeasure against Russian interference with Ukraine's sovereignty.
The case between the two adversarial governments centres on $3 billion lent by Russia in December 2013 to Ukraine under pro-Moscow former President Viktor Yanukovich. The debt was structured in the form of a Eurobond governed by English law.
Moscow wants the bond to be repaid in full but Ukraine, which now has a pro-Western government, says Russia should have participated in a 2015 restructuring of its sovereign Eurobonds
Judge William Blair said in the pre-trial hearing the court had given the case careful consideration but added:
"Ultimately this is a claim for repayment of debt instruments to which the court has held there is no justiciable defence. It would not be right to order the case to go forward to a full trial in such circumstances."
Ukraine said it would appeal the ruling.
Russia had requested the UK court for a summary judgement -- a move often used to speed up procedures -- meaning the court after examining Ukraine's defence arguments would decide if they are likely to stand up in court.
Ukraine had put forward four pillars of defence.
It said its then-government had lacked the capacity to enter into the agreement with Russia, that the debt was incurred under duress, the terms attached to the issue were unfair and finally, that non-payment was a countermeasure against Russian interference in its economy and territory.
Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
The judge acknowledged that Ukraine had made a strong case regarding the economic pressure and Russian threats which led to Kiev accepting Russia's financial support in 2013, rather than signing an European Union accession agreement.
But they added that the arguments on duress and countermeasures both concerned international law -- which the court could not consider.
Ukraine's ministry of finance would also have had the usual authority to enter into a deal like that, the judge added.
The judge has written in the past on the concept of "odious debt", a term used to describe debt incurred by a government that does not serve the interest of the country.
Ukraine's Finance Minister Oleksandr Danykyuk said their country had received the judge's permission to appeal and had been granted a stay of execution until at least late-April.
Legal experts expected the court of appeal would hear the case later this year, or possibly in early 2018.
"The bottom line is that litigation will most likely continue and Ukraine will not be forced to pay Russia until 2019, when the rest of the bonds come due anyway," said Evghenia Sleptsova, an economist for Central and Eastern Europe at Oxford Economics.
The first of new Eurobonds issued as part of the debt restructuring seen widely as investor friendly matures on September 2019, the last one in the series in 2027.
(Additional reporting by Natalia Zinets in Kiev and Sujata Rao in London; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
BOSTON, March 31 Investors have given billionaire hedge fund manager David Einhorn's plan to boost General Motors Co's value a frosty reception with most surveyed saying their call for two types of shares would not raise the automaker's worth, according to an Evercore ISI poll.
Einhorn, who runs hedge fund Greenlight Capital, this week proposed that GM creates two classes of stock, one that pays a dividend and one that does not, to boost the No. 1 U.S. carmaker's languishing share price. More investors would buy the shares, helping boost the company's market capitalization, Greenlight contended.
But 53 out of 61 investors surveyed by investment banking advisory firm Evercore ISI said they did not believe Greenlight's proposal would lead to value accretion at GM. In fact, a significant majority of investors polled - 48 people, or 80 percent - said Einhorn's plan could jeopardize the company's credit rating. Of the investors surveyed, 34 percent were GM shareholders.
Greenlight on Friday called the survey "fundamentally flawed" and through a spokesperson said it failed to understand the firm's plan to unlock value at GM.
GM rejected Einhorn's plan, saying it had reviewed it for seven months but considered it too risky.
Evercore ISI is working for GM and surveyed investors after Einhorn, whose Greenlight Capital has owned GM shares on and off for five years and currently owns a 0.9 percent stake, made their plan public on Tuesday.
Now Einhorn is taking their plan to GM shareholders more broadly through a proxy contest where they hope to win seats on the board. Investors will vote on board members at the upcoming annual meeting and Einhorn would need to quickly mobilize many large owners to agree with their proposal in order to win enough votes for their slate.
While a number of investors in Einhorn's own fund have applauded them for coming up with this novel approach, no major GM shareholder has yet publicly thrown their weight behind the plan.
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc, which is GM's sixth largest investor with a 3.34 percent stake, has remained silent about Einhorn's proposal. Greenlight Capital is the 17th largest investor.
Nearly all those polled, or 93 percent of investors, said they were satisfied with GM management's plan to return some $7 billion to shareholders this year, through share buy backs worth $5 billion and $2.2 billion in dividend payouts.
GM's stock is currently trading at $35.46 and it pays an annual dividend of $1.52 per share.
(Additional reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Andrew Hay)
HONG KONG, April 28 China Everbright International said on Friday an offering of shares of its greentech subsidiary has been priced been at HK$5.40 each, near the mid-point of an indicative range, valuing the business at HK$10.8 billion ($1.39 billion).
The energy and infrastructure firm has planned to spin off and separately list its China Everbright Greentech Ltd unit. It is selling up to 644 million shares, or about 30 percent of the unit. The indicative range was HK$5.18-HK$5.90 per share.
Trading in shares of the greentech unit will begin in Hong Kong on May 8.
Last year, China Everbright International had said that a spin-off and listing of the unit would increase its operational and financial transparency. ($1 = 7.7805 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Donny Kwok; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
FILE PHOTO - Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop speaks at a joint news conference with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Beijing, China, February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
SYDNEY Australia's foreign minister held an emergency meeting with the Chinese ambassador in the wake of Canberra's failure to ratify an extradition treaty with China, a source familiar with the situation said on Wednesday.
Australia cancelled a parliamentary vote on Tuesday to finally ratify an extradition treaty with China, 10 years after it was signed, with the government set for an embarrassing defeat amid opposition on the grounds of China's humanitarian record.
Eager to head-off any possible diplomatic fallout, Bishop met with China's ambassador to Australia, Cheng Jingye, on Tuesday, the source said. The Australian newspaper reported that the ambassador expressed "disappointment" at the cancelled vote.
The meeting came just hours after China's Foreign Ministry called on Australia to approve the treaty.
In Beijing, ministry spokesperson Lu Kang did not answer a question about the meeting between Bishop and Cheng, but repeated that approving the treaty would help both countries fight cross-border crime and was in their joint interests.
"We hope that Australia keeps in mind the broader picture of bilateral relations and both countries' interests and can continue to promote the relevant domestic process so this treaty can go into enforcement as soon as possible," Lu told a daily news briefing.
If Australia had ratified the pact, it would have become one of the few Western countries besides France and Spain to enter into an extradition treaty with China.
The failure to enact the treaty is a rare dent to Sino-Australia relations, which have soared in recent months, culminating in the spate of trade agreements signed last week following the five-day visit of Chinese China Premier Li Keqiang.
Beyond the diplomatic blow, it is also a setback in China's overseas hunt for corrupt officials and business executives who have fled abroad with their assets, dubbed Operation Fox Hunt.
And it comes at a time when Australia is seeking closer cooperation with Chinese law enforcement to stem a rising tide of synthetic drugs trafficked from southern China, and when three Australian employees of casino operator Crown Resorts Ltd remain in Chinese custody following their arrest in November 2016 for alleged gambling offences.
(Reporting by Colin Packham; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by Michael Perry and Clarence Fernandez)
Today's edition focuses on reports coming out of the Rams' loss to the Eagles in Week 14 and what we learned from the matchup.
The Los Angeles Rams lost a game that they easily could have won, but that was part of what preserved their optimism. Their 43-35 setback on Sunday was beset by avoidable penalties and ill-timed turnovers, not deficient talent. Read more
Here was a glimpse into the future. Two young quarterbacks, top draft picks, at the helm of the NFL's top offenses, showcased on a stage bigger than any the league had seen all season. Here was Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick, the resurgent face of a resurgent Rams franchise, lacing it across the field through a pocket under siege. Read more
Cooper Kupp is the most productive rookie wide receiver in Rams history | ESPN
The best rookie receiver in Los Angeles Rams history might have been snagged in the third round. In Sunday's 43-35 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles, Cooper Kupp, from little-known Eastern Washington, set a Rams rookie record for receptions. Read more
Critical Fourth-Quarter Turnover a Key Factor in Loss | Rams' Official Site
Running back Todd Gurley seemed like they were half-kidding when they referred to Sunday's game against the Eagles as “a Rams family reunion” of sorts. But on a critical play at a critical time in the fourth quarter, it was two former Rams doing the damage. Read more
Refocused: Philadelphia Eagles 43, Los Angeles Rams 35 | Pro Football Focus
In a wild game with plenty of playoff implications, the Philadelphia Eagles defeated the Los Angeles Rams 43-35 in the L.A. Coliseum. QB Jared Goff and WR Cooper Kupp showed their connection, as Kupp came away with 118 yards on five receptions. Read more
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Los Angeles Rams' 2017 Regular Season
Los Angeles Times | Rams Fall to Philadelphia Eagles in Playoff-Type Atmosphere
Yasir Shah spun Pakistan back into the second test when they picked up six wickets to leave West Indies reeling on day four in Barbados on Wednesday.
Shai Hope came within 10 runs of their maiden test century for West Indies but a late collapse left the match on a knife-edge at the close at Kensington Oval in Bridgetown.
West Indies were 264 for nine wickets in their second innings, an overall lead of 183 runs heading into the final day.
Hope, whose test average before this match was a miserable 15, finally justified the faith shown in them by the selectors with a polished performance, mixing fine strokeplay with stout defence.
But with a century seemingly within their grasp, they played a loose shot to leg-spinner Yasir and was caught at cover for 90.
Hope's departure precipitated a collapse, with Vishaul Singh falling to the next ball, bowled by paceman Mohammad Abbas for 32.
West Indies captain Jason Holder survived the hat-trick, but was dismissed by Yasir in the next over and Yasir claimed two more scalps as West Indies lost six wickets for 26 runs.
Yasir ended the day with figures of 6-90, after last week picking up 6-63 to bowl Pakistan to victory in the first test in Jamaica.
Pakistan lead the three-test series 1-0 and will fancy their chances of clinching it, though West Indies have scored enough to give their bowlers a chance.
(Reporting by Andrew Both, editing by Ed Osmond)
PRAGUE Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babis fought back against the country's prime minister on Friday for raising questions over their past business, a row threatening the government six months before elections.
Babis, a billionaire, has come under fire from Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka and opponents questioning their Agrofert conglomerate and tax savings through bond issues worth hundreds of millions of crowns.
Sobotka's criticism of Babis is seen in Prague as part of an increasing campaign fight before parliamentary elections in October, in which polls predict a sound victory for Babis's ANO movement.
Sobotka, head of the Social Democratic Party, may try to sack Babis, a dismissal that could lead to a government collapse, political analysts said.
The prime minister said they would decide further steps next week, after they study a written explanation Babis submitted to lawmakers on Friday in response to questions parliamentarians had presented.
Babis, after providing the requested response, said they had already explained everything.
"I think the prime minister hurts the government," they told reporters. "Changing a finance minister half a year before elections ... I think that endangers the government's functioning, the budget and it actually affects everybody in our country."
Sobotka and Babis took power together in 2014 after a decade-long period in which a string of governments collapsed early. They have governed relatively smoothly together while the economy has grown, helping the government balance the budget for the first time in two decades.
But they have clashed over taxes, spending and police reform and now face a tough election fight.
Babis, who has fought off accusations of conflicts of interest since entering politics in 2011, dismissed the doubts about their prior business.
"To demand information from me, after the prime minister has sat with me in the government for three-and-a-half years, information on (my business in) 1995, that's ridiculous," they said.
They shifted their Agrofert group, spanning chemicals and agriculture to food and newspapers, to a trust fund this year in response to a law, supported by the Sobotka's Social Democrats, banning future ministers from owning media or stakes in companies that get subsidies or state contracts.
"It seems that Social Democrats are heading for a disgraceful election defeat. Therefore Sobotka, or their advisers, may think that things can't get any worse, and a strong action could only help," Petr Honzejk, a commentator for daily Hospodarske Noviny, wrote on Friday.
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc, which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business, for 140 million yen
Google is typically very transparent regarding what information it may give to law enforcement officers and in what circumstances but details are emerging about a new practice that many in the privacy community are finding troubling. On multiple occasions, Google has been presented with legal requests for information on all mobile users within a certain distance to a crime, not just an individual.
When a law enforcement agency presents Google with a warrant or subpoena for information to help them solve a crime, they are typically only looking for information on a single suspect. In order to get this warrant, the police officers must convince a judge they have probable cause and that Google is likely to have the information they are looking for.
What police in Raleigh, North Carolina, have started doing in certain circumstances is analyzing surveillance footage of a crime scene to create a perimeter and area of interest. They then present Google with a request for data from anyone within this area. Although they are only looking for anonymized account data for anyone using a Google app with location services, it's not clear if Google has complied to further requests for more information.
Mobile phones use a combination of GPS, Wi-Fi, and cellular networks to pinpoint a user's location. While it is possible to turn off GPS tracking, devices will almost always still transmit data to third parties using those other channels. This means that anyone who unknowingly wandered too close to a crime scene will be treated under the same suspicion as the actual criminal. Back in 2014, a woman was sentenced to prison for a crime they didn't commit after location records appeared to have put them at the scene of the crime.
Google has declined to comment in detail on the issue, only reiterating its standard policies for complying with law enforcement requests. It's not clear how effective this tactic is, either, since a criminal could simply turn off their phone or leave it at home.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
LJUBLJANA May 3 Slovenian household appliances maker Gorenje said it plans to issue 40 million euros ($44 million) worth of bonds with a fixed interest rate of 2.45 percent.
The bonds will expire on May 11, 2022, Gorenje said in a statement. It gave no details of how it will use the money but had said it plans to invest in new products this year to boost sales. ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Reporting By Marja Novak; Editing by Susan Fenton)
The event coined as "The Most Diverse Color Festival in the World" takes place in Houston on August 19th 8pm-2am at Viking Ranch
IPFH Flyer
End
-- WalletHub named Houston as one of the top 10 most diverse cities in America. The International Powder Fest Houston (IPFH), called "The Most Diverse Color Festival in the World," chose Houston as the ideal setting to reflect the event's theme and mission. This annual celebration of diversity consists of six different parties, plus colored powder and paint, in one massive event all set to the beats of myriad genres of music from the Caribbean to African, Soca, Hip Hop, Latino, EDM, Desi, and more. The event is aimed at being a unifying force of cultures, music, and patrons to spread peace, love, and happiness in the form of color.Event officials will hand out 2,000 plus pounds of environmentally-safe powder and glow paint for attendees to express themselves freely in bright, bold color. The evening kicks off with a dance experience featuring top international DJ's from around the world, a variety of cultural foods, and multiple attractions from event vendors, and complimentary HIV testing by Harris County Public Health. Last year's festival brought out hundreds of attendees and garnered favorable media coverage citywide.Color festivals and runs have grown to popularity across America inspired by the ancient Holi festival, also known as the "festival of colours" or the "festival of love," celebrated in India and Nepal. Millions of attendees fill the streets to decorate one another with color dyed products. Holi signifies the victory of good over evil, as well as a festive day to meet new people, laugh and play, forgive past hurts, and repair broken relationships.IPFH is hosted by The Socialites Marketing Group and sponsored in part by Bud Light, Mike Calvert Toyota and UniCare EMS, LLC. A portion of the proceeds from the event will go to benefit a local nonprofit, The Caribbean American Heritage Foundation of Texas, a 501(c)(3) organization."The IPFH mission is to support the city of Houston by fostering unity and giving back to an organization doing charitable work," said The Socialites Marketing Group president, David Albert. "Last year's event had a huge turnout with great energy and diverse attendees from across the city coming together for a common purpose. We have expanded for 2017 with not only colored powder but also glow paint and other surprises. This year's event will be bigger, better, and brighter!"For more event information, partnership/sponsorship opportunities, or to purchase tickets, visit www.intlpowderfest.com
May 2 Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc
* Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc. Reports first quarter financial results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.13
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $0.04
* Q1 revenue $106.7 million versus i/b/e/s view $108.1 million
* Sees fy 2017 revenue $405 million to $415 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc sees 2017 total comparable restaurant sales of minus 2.5% to flat
* Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc sees 2017 capital expenditures of $10.0 million to $12.0 million
* Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc sees 2017 adjusted net income per diluted share of $0.22 to $0.32
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $0.26, revenue view $409.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the Dutch championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Heracles Almelo 2 Paul Gladon 65, Brandley Kuwas 82 Ajax Amsterdam 1 Hakim Ziyech 56 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 12,080 - - - Vitesse Arnhem 4 Thomas Bruns 2, Bryan Linssen 20, Tim Matavz 31, Milot Rashica 77 NAC Breda 1 Thierry Ambrose 69 Halftime: 3-0;Attendance: 13,921 - - - PSV Eindhoven 3 Hirving Lozano 31, Gaston Pereiro 48, Marco van Ginkel 76 AZ Alkmaar 2 Dabney dos Santos 18, Wout Weghorst 81pen Halftime: 1-1;Attendance: 32,700 - - - VVV-Venlo 3 Clint Leemans 44, Tarik Tissoudali 48, Vito van Crooy 90+2 Sparta Rotterdam 0 Red Card: Jeffrey Chabot 83 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 5,832 - - - Friday, August 11 ADO Den Haag 0 Utrecht 3 Cyriel Dessers 15,81, Sander van de Streek 55 Halftime: 0-1;Attendance: 12,134 - - - Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 PEC Zwolle v Roda JC Kerkrade (1030) Feyenoord v Twente Enschede (1230) Willem II Tilburg v Excelsior (1230) Groningen v Heerenveen (1445)
Mayweather, UFC star McGregor agrees to August fight
Undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial arts champion Conor McGregor, two of the most popular athletes in their respective sports, have agreed to a crossover fight in the ring on August 26 in Las Vegas, Mayweather said in a tweet on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
Singer Miley Cyrus has apologised to fans after failing to show up at the Teen Choice Awards due to their "unrealistic" schedule.
The Wrecking Ball star thanked the organisation for honouring them with its most prestigious accolade, the Ultimate Choice award, and said they were "beyond bummed" that they could not pick it up in person.
Cyrus already has 18 Teen Choice awards under their belt after more than 10 years working with the glamorous annual Los Angeles ceremony.
Addressing their legions of fans, they wrote: "To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox!
"I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward! I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor!
"I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement! I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer!"
The 24-year-old also shared a childhood photo of themselves to promote upcoming single Younger Now and added: "I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen!
"I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!"
The no-show did not get in the way of a successful evening as stars enjoyed performances from Britons including Louis Tomlinson and Rita Ora.
Grammy award-winner Ed Sheeran picked up the Choice pop song prize for hit single Shape Of You while other winners included Ariana Grande, Fifth Harmony, Chris Pratt and Zendaya.
Bruno Mars was also honoured with the Visionary award and Maroon 5 picked up the Decade award.
April 12 Glaukos Corp:
* Glaukos Corp-pursuant to terms of purchase agreement with Dose Medical Corporation, amended certain amended and restated transition services agreement
* Glaukos Corp-amended agreement dated as of June 30, 2015 to extend term to June 30, 2021 Source text:(bit.ly/2p9Adam) Further company coverage:
April 6 Diamond Estates Wines & Spirit Inc :
* Has reached an agreement to acquire 49.99 pct interest in its agency business, kirkwood diamond canada
* Diamond Estates Wines & Spirit Inc says company will pay $4.4 million to complete acquisition
* Kirkwood Diamond Canada is currently owned by diamond estates' joint venture partner, Kirkwood Brands Ltd
* Company will pay $4.4 million to complete acquisition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Cannabinoid Drugs are natural occurring recreational drugs that are used to treat chronic pain, anorexia, and nausea & vomiting. The cannabinoid is used for a group of drugs that are structurally related to tetrahydrocannabinoids. It is synthetically manufactured by pharma companies to treat different type of indications, such as multiple sclerosis, migraine, arthritis, seizures, etc. Cannabinoid drugs are naturally isolated from cannabis and work on the endocannabinoid system of mammals. Other applications include their use as an anti-inflammatory agent as they modulate the cytokine cascade and psychoactive effect. Its psychoactive effect has been found to be moderately effective in treating traumatic brain injuries, neuropathic pain, arthritis and multiple sclerosis. Clinically, three cannabinoid drugs are approved for treatment. The first cannabinoid drug is nabilone, which is a CB1/CB2 receptor agonist and is used for relieving nausea & vomiting. It is a synthetic analog of 9-tetrahydrocannabinol. Other drugs, such as dronabinol and Sativex, are used for treating AIDS-related anorexia and neuropathic pain in advanced cancer & multiple sclerosis patients, respectively. Anandamide, 2-Arachidonoylglycerol, Cannabigerol, Cannabichromene, Cannabinol, Cannabidiol, Tetrahydrocannabinol are clinically important cannabinoids used for medical treatment.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6913
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rising demand for cannabinoid drugs for treating chronic pain in different indications is expected to fuel the growth of the market. Presently, a limited number of cannabinoid drugs are approved for human use and this will create new opportunities for manufacturers who are involved in the development of cannabinoid drugs. Along with these, commercial use of cannabinoid drugs is increasing constantly due to changing government regulations. For example, cannabinoid drugs usage has been legalized in ten states of the U.S. and the federation of Australian government has formulated a new Narcotic Drug Amendment Bill 2016 to permit cultivation of cannabis for medical usage and research. The rapid advancement of technologies has led to substantial progress in developing cannabinoid drugs. For example, many recent studies have spoken in favor of cannabinoid drugs usage for the treatment of Alzheimers and cancer. All these factors will act as potential drivers, thereby boosting the burgeoning growth of the cannabinoid drugs market.
Huge investments are being made for the development of cannabinoid drugs. However, this investment have only been able to fuel slow growth into the cannabinoid drugs market. Along with this, stringent regulations regarding the usage of cannabinoids will also restrain the cannabinoid drugs market.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on Product Type
Phytocannabinoids
Endocannabinoids
Synthetics
Segmentation based on End User
Hospitals
Clinics
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Others
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Market Overview
The Global Cannabinoid Drugs market has witnessed robust growth due to increasing demand for recreational therapy. The Cannabinoid Drugs market enjoys the presence of a few players operating at the country level which hold huge market shares. There are huge opportunities in the untapped markets across the world due to the potential benefits of Cannabinoid Drugs. The key players in the Cannabinoid Drugs market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development of cannabinoids because only a few drugs are approved by regulatory bodies. The Cannabinoid Drugs market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Region-Wise Overview
The Global Cannabinoid Drugs market is segmented into the following regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East and Africa. North America is dominant in the Global Cannabinoid Drugs market mainly due to the high presence of top players and huge investments being made for cannabinoid drugs development. In North America, particularly the USA holds a dominant position. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the Cannabinoid Drugs market to new heights. The European cannabinoid drugs market is the fastest growing market due to the changing legislative framework. Growth in the Middle East and African region is expected to be considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America is expected to maintain its position in the Cannabinoid Drugs market. However, developed economies, such as Australia, will witness the highest growth rate in the Cannabinoid Drugs market.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the Cannabinoid Drugs market are GW Pharmaceuticals Abbott Laboratories, Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Indevus Pharmaceuticals, and others. Companies are mainly focused on R&D to strengthen product development.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6913
MIDEAST DEBT-Islamic finance industry frets as Dana Gas deems its sukuk invalid
June 14 A decision by Abu Dhabi-listed Dana Gas to declare $700 million of its sukuk invalid has sent shivers through the Islamic finance industry, raising concern about the safety of sharia-compliant debt instruments in general.
March 31 Cypress Semiconductor Corp-
* T.J. Rodgers comments on new revenue and profitability guidance offered by Cypress Semiconductor's management at recent Cypress annual analyst day Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Credit Suisse knows the importance of keeping its nose clean. The Swiss bank confirmed on March 31 that its offices had been raided by authorities in several countries in relation to possible tax evasion. It later stressed its "strict zero tolerance policy", pointing to a review initiated in 2011 to purge it of any dicey clients. A guilty plea and $2.6 billion settlement with U.S. authorities over tax evasion in 2014 have given the bank good reason to be scrupulous. Such raids act more as a reminder than a warning.
Swiss private banks face two kinds of risk: past and future. The first comes from the recent 180-degree reversal in public opinion about the industry's function. Where the secrecy it used to peddle was once prized, it is now associated with corruption, underhand dealing and tax evasion. Banks have worked hard to scrub themselves of old wrongdoings, but after decades of working to mask the true intentions of clients, there is a high chance that historic problems may have been missed.
The future risks come from chasing growth. Countries experiencing the biggest rise in numbers of wealthy citizens are also those with the laxest controls on tax evasion and graft. Think of the scandal involving the Malaysian leadership and its 1MDB fund, or Indonesia's haul of more than $300 billion from a tax amnesty launched last year. International agreements to exchange information on tax miscreants could leave the biggest private banks with large asset outflows – increasing the temptation to add new, sketchier clients.
There's a third risk too: the good client gone bad. Anti-money laundering experts at banks say that a formerly compliant customer engaging in illicit behaviour can be the hardest type of wrongdoing to spot, given the intensity of the monitoring needed to identify defectors.
Credit Suisse may have a tight grip on all such threats – and the latest raids prove nothing to the contrary. The fact that the latest probe involved authorities in five countries and 55,000 suspect accounts suggests it extends beyond Credit Suisse's client base. For investors, it's really a question of what kind of discount to apply to the steady cash flows that come from wealth management fees. Fines and run-ins with the authorities are, in a sense, becoming an unconventional cost of doing business.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County face Cardiff City at Pride Park this evening in a game which could be season-defining of both teams.
The Rams lost 2-1 to fellow play-off hopefuls Middlesbrough last time out and will be looking to get their promotion push back on track after three consecutive defeats to Wolves, Burton Albion and Boro.
Both sides were held to a goalless draw when they met earlier in the season, but this outcome would not favour either team at this late stage of the season.
This is Derby's game in hand on the other teams around them, so winning is a priority for Gary Rowett's side.
Should Rowett make a few changes to the XI that failed to beat Middlesbrough?
Simply use our custom-designed widget below and pick your Derby team.
ST PETERSBURG, April 6 A loud explosion was heard on Thursday in a residential building close to the site in St Petersburg where explosives were found earlier in the day, Reuters witnesses said.
No one was hurt in the explosion but a vehicle was damaged by falling masonry, news agency RIA said, citing a source in Russia's emergencies ministry. (Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya and Vladimir Soldatkin, writing by Sujata Rao)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
CAIRO, April 12 Telecom Egypt will pay out a dividend of 1 Egyptian pound ($0.0556) per share on April 27, the state-owned landline monopoly said in a statement published by the Al-Akhbar newspaper.
The dividend is an increase on the 0.75 pounds per share paid last year and comes despite an 11 percent decline in 2016 net profit. ($1 = 18.0000 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Louise Heavens)
Former Nasdaq chief Greifeld to take over as Virtu chairperson
NEW YORK, June 14 Former Nasdaq Inc Chief Executive Robert Greifeld will become chairperson of trading firm Virtu Financial Inc's board after the company completes its $1.4 billion takeover of rival KCG Holdings Inc .
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
Property holders more often than not require a tree service for many reasons. Either an entire tree or part of the tree is obstructing the sun or a specific view they might want to have. A part of the tree is too close to a window therefore becoming dangerous should high winds come through the area.
Or then again, a person prefers toward a flat lawn without any checks. Indeed, even individuals who like trees don't generally need them amidst their front or patio. How would you settle on your choice in picking the correct tree service in Sacramento? Regardless the genuine reason you have to verify you discover a tree cutting organization that is reasonable, competent and secured fiscally.
On the off chance that you need tree tend to your live trees you need to make certain that the organization has the information to look after these trees. They ought to likewise know how to securely evacuate any dead branches without harming the live tree and they know how to do specific garnish and pruning. The proprietor and workers ought to likewise be a arbor, who is an expert, that learning to watch over an assortment of trees. In the event that you employ an individual or organization isn't an arbor you could unintentionally procure somebody that will mess up your trees and make them potentially wind up infected, kick the bucket, or become grown unsafely.
A proficient tree service organization will likewise be upbeat to give a potential customer a free gauges to what they will do and the cost for each service alongside other data appropriate to the gauge. You should ensure that you get no less than two gauges and think about them before settling on your official choice. In the event that the tree service organization has looked your trees over and detects any ailments they will inform you regarding them so you can have them treated so the trees won't pass on. Most will utilize a tree service when trees are beginning to bud or end up dormant.
Contact:-
Business Name /Contact Person: Gabriel Tree Services
Country/Region: USA
Street Address: 11528 Felton Ave
City: Los Angeles
State: CA
Postal Code: 90045
Phone No: 1323-515-5178
Email Address: gabriel@gabrieltreeservices.com
Website: http://www.gabrieltreeservices.com/
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 5 Celsion Corp
* Celsion Corp - Selling stockholders may offer up to 5.1 million shares of common stock, issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants - SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2ncs2N9] Further company coverage:
For runners, there's nothing like pursuing a challenging and elusive Boston Marathon qualifying time. Running fast enough to earn an entrance into the most prestigious 26.2-mile race of all time is a goal many will never achieve.
So nothing is quite as offensive as finding out that others could have cheated to earn their spot in the famed race. Derek Murphy, 46-year-old a business analyst and suburban dad in Ohio, is working to keep runners around the country — and world — honest.
Depending on their age group, runners need to get a BQ — short for Boston qualifier — at a previous marathon. Those who run faster than the limit for their age earn entrance into Boston and can then register for the marathon (there are a small amount of charity bibs available, for which no qualifying time is required). Murphy and their network of race sleuths on blog Marathon Investigation identified 15 people who had gained entrance into Boston this year that had no place there, they said.
Eight of those runners cut the course in their qualifying race and seven who didn't run the previous race themselves but used a “bib mule,” or someone else who carried their bib and ran fast enough to qualify them. Murphy finds the cheaters by identifying people whose race splits are impossibly fast, have run the qualifying race much faster than any of their previous times, or missed crossing any of the electronic data checkpoints. (Along the race course, runners cross finish-line like pads to mark their splits at particular course milestones, like a 5k and the 13.1 halfway point.) These and other irregularities help Murphy scrutinize the results of runners who may not belong in Boston.
They posted a warning last week that if there were others who had cheated to earn their spot, they likely wouldn't be able to hide it from him.
“My advice to those that are planning to run Boston next week that didn't earn the honor – Don't do it,” Murphy wrote on their blog. “You didn't earn the right to wear that bib. There is a very good chance that you will be identified..if you haven't been already.”
Murphy, who started the blog in 2015, said they have run 10 marathons.
“I've never been close to qualifying for Boston, but I can appreciate how much hard work goes into that,” Murphy told the Boston Globe. “So, people taking shortcuts rubs me the wrong way.”
They also discourage runners from selling their bib, which is an illegal practice in many road races. Race directors prohibit allowing someone else to run as you because for safety reasons they need to know exactly who is on the course, and ensure that they have accurate emergency contact information for all participants in case something happens. If someone is running the race but is using the registration of someone else, race personnel can't accurately identify everyone.
Although he's not officially affiliated with Boston, Murphy's work helps the Boston Athletic Association, which puts on the marathon, identify cheaters it wouldn't otherwise have the time to find and disqualify.
“We'll have some people every year who'll behave in a way that they shouldn't,” Boston Athletic Association executive director Tom Grilk told the Boston Globe. “But from what we can tell, the number of people who misbehave is very, very small. There's an honesty rate that the Internal Revenue Service would love to see.”
Glenn Rubenstein and Chris Callicutt are back for the latest edition of the Wrestling Inc. podcast. Topics include:
WWE Raw Review
- Sasha Banks vs. Nia Jax
- SummerSlam Predictions
- Ric Flair's hospitalization
And more!
Today's podcast is brought to you by Dollar Shave Club, which gives you a great shave at a great price, conveniently delivered right to your door. Get high quality blades and amazing Shave Butter delivered right to your door for an incredible, smooth shave. For a limited time, new members get their first month of the Executive Razor, a full cassette of 4 cartridges and a tube of their Dr. Carver's Shave Butter for ONLY $5 with FREE shipping. That's a $15 value for only $5 bucks! After your first month: Replacement cartridges ship automatically at their regular price. There are no hidden fees and no commitments, and you can cancel anytime you like. You can only get this offer exclusively at DollarShaveClub.com/INC.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
April 20 Murder mystery "The Black Book" topped the U.S. fiction best-sellers list on Thursday for a third consecutive week. Data released by independent, online and chain bookstores, book wholesalers and independent distributors across the United States was used to compile the list. Hardcover Fiction Last week 1. "The Black Book" 1 Patterson/Ellis (Little, Brown, $28) 2. "Star Wars: Thrawn" - Timothy Zahn (Del Rey, $28.99) 3. "All by Myself, Alone" 2 Mary Higgins Clark (Simon & Schuster, $26.99) 4. "One Perfect Lie" - Lisa Scottoline (St. Martin's, $27.99) 5. "Two From the Heart" - James Patterson et al (BookShots, $27) 4. "The Lost Order" 4 Steve Berry (Minotaur, $28.99) 7. "Norse Mythology" 5 Neil Gaiman (Norton, $25.95) 8. "The Burial Hour" - Jeffrey Deaver (Grand Central, $28) 9. "Mississippi Blood" 6 Greg Iles (Morrow, $28.99) 10. "The Women in the Castle" 7 Jessica Shattuck (Morrow, $26.99) Hardcover Non-Fiction 1. "Old School" 1 O'Reilly/Feirstein (Holt, $27) 2. "The True Jesus" - David Limbaugh (Regnery, $28.99) 3. "Hillbilly Elegy" 4 J.D. Vance (Harper, $27.99) 4. "Hallelujah Anyway" 2 Anne Lamott (Riverhead, $20) 5. "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck" 8 Mark Manson (HarperOne, $24.99) 6. "Zelda: Breath of the Wild (delux ed) - (Piggyback, $79.99) 7. "Killing the Rising Sun" 10 O'Reilly/Dugard (Holt, $30) 8. "Make Your Bed" 9 William H. McRaven (Grand Central, $18) 9. "The Magnolia Story" 14 Gaines/Gaines (W, $26.99) 10. "Unshakeable" 13 Tony Robbins (Simon & Schuster, $26) (Copyright © 2017 Publishers Weekly. Week ending April 16, 2017. Powered by NPD BookScan © 2017 NPD Group) (Compiled by Piya Sinha-Roy; Editing by Richard Chang)
MEXICO CITY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Venezuelans must find a peaceful solution to the democratic crisis facing their country, Mexico's Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said on Friday, a day after U.S Secretary of State Rex Tillerson raised the prospect of a military uprising.
Videgaray, who said Mexico would use all available diplomatic means to address the situation in Venezuela, spoke after meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland in Mexico City.
Tillerson said on Thursday that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro, but said they did not know whether that would happen. (Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter and Anthony Esposito)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Solasia Pharma KK :
* Says the co to issue new shares via private placement and raise 496.2 million yen, with subscription date on April 24 and payment date on April 25
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/WZjyzb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Updates prices, changes comment)
* Formal Brexit process begins
* U.S. crude up after data surprise
* Wall St little changed after posting gains Tuesday
By Rodrigo Campos
NEW YORK, March 29 Stocks rose slightly on Wall Street on Wednesday, just enough to buoy a global equities index, while crude futures hit a week high after a smaller-than-expected build in U.S. inventories.
The U.S. dollar rose with support from various Federal Reserve officials' remarks. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said they favor further rate hikes this year, while Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017.
Weighing on the euro and pound, Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union, a decision pitching their country into the unknown. On Tuesday, the Scottish Parliament backed a bid to hold an independence referendum that could break up the UK, adding another layer of uncertainty for investors.
Gains in the energy sector, up more than 1 percent, kept the S&P 500 afloat, while nine of the other ten sectors moved 0.4 percent or less.
Wall Street rose, with the Dow snapping an eight-day losing streak. Traders continue to assess the execution risk from a Trump administration that failed to pass its first major piece of legislation despite holding majorities in both chambers of Congress.
"The policy risk has increased ... but economic data still remains solid and therefore earnings should be good," said Walter Todd, chief investment officer of Greenwood Capital in Greenwood, South Carolina. "Absent some revelation on the policy front, I think (earnings are) the next catalyst for the market."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 24.59 points, or 0.12 percent, to 20,676.91, the S&P 500 gained 4.12 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,362.69 and the Nasdaq Composite added 25.23 points, or 0.43 percent, to 5,900.37.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.39 percent. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe was up slightly.
Emerging market stocks rose 0.20 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index gained 0.21 percent, with the euro down 0.41 percent to $1.0768. On Tuesday, the index posted its largest daily percentage increase since March 1.
Sterling hit a one-week low of 1.2378 earlier, and was last trading at $1.2442, down 0.05 percent.
"Sterling will be incredibly sensitive to (Brexit) negotiations, and will offer a clear gauge of how things are panning out. We could see it move lower still if negotiations take a sour turn - $1.10 is feasible," said Neil Wilson, senior markets analyst at ETX Capital.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields fell after the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield hit a session high at 2.427 percent, higher than Tuesday's. 10-year notes last rose 8/32 in price to yield 2.3819 percent.
Oil prices rose after U.S. gasoline stockpiles dropped sharply last week, while crude inventories grew less than anticipated.
U.S. crude last rose 2.2 percent to $49.43 a barrel and Brent traded at $52.36, up 2.0 percent on the day.
Spot gold rose 0.1 percent to $1,253.24 an ounce. U.S. gold futures fell 0.2 percent to $1,253.00 an ounce.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin, David Gaffen and Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
March 31 Mfc Bancorp Ltd:
* MFC Bancorp Ltd reports results for 2016 and announces proposed plan of arrangement
* MFC Bancorp Ltd - reduced co's head count and overhead, with number of employees worldwide down from 650 to under 450 at end of 2016
* MFC Bancorp Ltd - in 2016, we reduced inventories by $213.4 million, from $245.3 million as at December 31, 2015 to $32.0 million as at December 31, 2016
* MFC Bancorp - during 2016, reduced, eliminated certain customer-specific credit facilities for customers with whom we no longer commercially transact
* MFC Bancorp-plans to complete a plan of arrangement that is designed to "improve its corporate structure, reduce expenses and increase its global exposure"
* MFC Bancorp Ltd - continue to evaluate benefits of certain facilities that may not have strategic long-term relevance to business
* MFC Bancorp Ltd - "going forward we will expand our merchant banking activities"
* MFC Bancorp Ltd - plan is expected to be completed in 2017
* As part of plan , mfc common shares will be consolidated on a 100 for 1 basis
* MFC Bancorp-don't anticipate evaluation of benefits of facilities that may not have strategic long-term relevance to have material impact on overall liquidity
* As part of plan, MFC'S common shares will be exchanged on a one-for-one basis for common shares of a new parent company
* As part of plan, MFC will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of new parent co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Hang Seng index ends down 0.1 pct
* China Enterprises index HSCE rises 0.8 percent
* HSI financial sector sub-index is flat; property sector down 0.5 percent
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended Friday marginally down, but posted its biggest weekly loss in two months, as rising bond yields triggered volatility in global equities.
** At close of trade, the Hang Seng index was down 40.31 points or 0.12 percent at 32,601.78. The Hang Seng China Enterprises index rose 0.78 percent to 13,538.66.
For the week, the Hang Seng lost 1.7 percent, its biggest weekly fall in two months. **The sub-index of the Hang Seng tracking energy shares rose 4.5 percent while the IT sector dipped 0.91 percent, the financial sector was 0.18 percent lower and the property sector dipped 0.51 percent. ** The top gainer on Hang Seng was AAC Technologies Holdings Inc up 7.6 percent, while the biggest loser was China Merchants Port Holdings Co Ltd which was down 5.29 percent. ** China's main Shanghai Composite index closed up 0.46 percent at 3,462.9372 points while its blue-chip CSI300 index ended up 0.61 percent. ** Around the region, MSCI's Asia ex-Japan stock index was weaker by 0.43 percent while Japan's Nikkei index closed down 0.9 percent. ** The yuan was quoted at 6.2753 per U.S. dollar at 08:13 GMT, 0.34 percent firmer than the previous close of 6.2965. ** As of the previous trading session, the Hang Seng index was up 9.1 percent this year, while China's H-share index was up 14.7 percent.
** The top gainers among H-shares were People's Insurance Group of China Co Ltd up 7.05 percent, followed by China Shenhua Energy Co Ltd gaining 6 percent and Air China Ltd up by 4.26 percent. ** The three biggest H-shares percentage decliners were Huaneng Power International Inc which was down 0.60 percent, Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd which fell 0.5 percent and Bank of China Ltd down by 0.4 percent. ** About 2.65 billion Hang Seng index shares were traded, roughly 104.6 percent of the market's 30-day moving average of 2.53 billion shares a day. The volume traded in the previous trading session was 2.85 billion. ** At close, China's A-shares were trading at a premium of 30.84 percent over the Hong Kong-listed H-shares. ** The price-to-earnings ratio of the Hang Seng index was 14.87 as of the last full trading day while the dividend yield was 2.7 percent. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
May 3 Jernigan Capital Inc
* Jernigan Capital announces results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.21
* Q1 earnings per share $0.14
* Sees fy 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.80 to $2.30
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.07 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Jernigan Capital Inc says company is also reaffirming its previously issued guidance for full year 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.88, revenue view $12.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Removes extra words in paragraph 7)
* Israel, U.S. discussing curbs on settlement building
* Netanyahu to convene security cabinet on Thursday
* U.S. looking to revive Middle East peace talks
By Maayan Lubell
JERUSALEM, March 30 Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said they expected to sign off on Thursday on building the first new settlement in the occupied West Bank for two decades, even as they negotiate with Washington on a possible curb on settlement activity.
Netanyahu was due to convene their security cabinet later in the day to approve the new enclave, government officials said.
"I made a promise that we would establish a new settlement," Netanyahu told reporters. "We will keep it today. There are a few hours until then and you will get all the details."
They made the pledge in the run-up to the eviction in February of 40 families from the West Bank settlement of Amona. Israel's Supreme Court said the dwellings had to be razed because they were built illegally on privately owned Palestinian land.
Israel and the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump are in discussions on limiting the construction of settlements, which are built on land Palestinians seek for a state.
Such settlements, in territory that Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East war, are deemed illegal by most of the world. Israel cites biblical, historical and political links to the land, as well as security interests, to defend its actions.
Establishing a new settlement could be a way for Netanyahu to appease far-right members of their coalition government who are likely to object to any concessions to U.S. demands for restraints on building.
Trump, who had been widely seen in Israel as sympathetic towards settlements, appeared to surprise Netanyahu during a White House visit last month when they urged them to "hold back on settlements for a little bit".
The two then agreed that their aides would try to work out a compromise on how much Israel can build and where.
Trump's Middle East envoy, Jason Greenblatt, this week wrapped up a second trip to the region aimed at reviving Middle East peace talks that collapsed in 2014.
A new settlement would be the first built in the West Bank since 1999. About 400,000 Israeli settlers live in the West Bank which is also home to 2.8 million Palestinians. Another 200,000 Israelis live in East Jerusalem.
Palestinians want the West Bank and East Jerusalem for their own state, along with the Gaza Strip. (Editing by Jeffrey Heller and Louise Ireland)
* Cocoa futures hit multi-year lows
* Ivory Coast is world's top cocoa exporter
* Budget squeeze worsened by army mutinies, social unrest
* Ivory Coast has been Africa's stand-out economy (Adds quotes, details)
By Loucoumane Coulibaly and Joe Bavier
ABIDJAN, April 20 Ivory Coast has slashed its 2017 budget due to plummeting cocoa prices, its president said on Thursday, shoring up state coffers also depleted by wage demands from civil servants and discontented soldiers.
Ivory Coast, the world's top cocoa exporter, has emerged as one of the fastest growing developing economies in the aftermath of a 2011 civil war, drawing the interest of international investors.
But President Alassane Ouattara said the sharp drop in cocoa prices, which is also the West African country's main export, meant spending plans for next year would have to be scaled back by a tenth, according to comments reported by national newspapers Le Patriote.
A wave of defaults by Ivory Coast cocoa exporters and higher than expected production has left a glut. Those that remain are now rejecting large volumes of beans because of poor quality as farmers seek to blend leftover main-crop cocoa into new mid-crop arrivals, exporters and merchants said on Thursday.
Ouattara, in a speech at the presidency, said the decision to cut spending was taken during an International Monetary Fund (IMF) visit this month, according to excerpts published by daily Le Patriote.
"Excluding salaries, we were obliged to reduce spending by 10 percent. All the ministries will tell you their budgets have been reduced by 5 to 10 percent," Ouattara said, adding that infrastructure would also be hit.
Two other national newspapers, Le Nouveau Reveil and Fraternite Matin, carried similar comments from the president.
Cocoa futures have plummeted since last year on the back of bumper crops around the world and stagnant demand. They continued their slide on Thursday, a day after New York cocoa slumped to a 9-1/2-year low, while the London market dropped to its lowest since 2013.
KEEPING THE IMF SWEET
On top of the fiscal impact of the drop in cocoa prices, government employees went on strike for weeks earlier this year to protest pension reforms, demanding back wages they said they were owed.
A wave of army mutinies, meanwhile, engulfed military camps across the country, forcing the government to agree to pay bonuses of 12 million CFA francs each to some 8,400 former rebel fighters - a deal with a total price tag of around $160 million.
Ouattara said the investment budget was included in the 2017 cuts and would be reduced by 10 percent, or about 200 billion CFA francs ($320 million).
"When we feel obliged to ... reduce essential spending in this way, it is not pleasant," Le Patriote quoted them as saying. "These are schools, health centres, dispensaries, cultural centres, roads, drinking wells in some villages that will not be built."
Despite the cuts, the government is still expected to seek an increase in lending under its programme with the IMF, currently worth $659 million over three years.
It is also weighing the option of tapping the international debt market.
"(Ivory Coast) needs to keep the IMF on board at a time when army mutinies have pressured the budget," said Charles Robertson, Global Chief Economist for Renaissance Capital.
"The reality is that benefits of investment take time. And the budget is under pressure today." (Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Edward McAllister and John Stonestreet)
NEW YORK A JPMorgan economist said on Thursday they expected the U.S. Federal Reserve to start paring the size of its $4.5 trillion (3.6 trillion pounds) balance sheet in early 2018 with a focus on ending its reinvestment in mortgage-backed securities.
There has been growing speculation as to whether the U.S. central bank would soon consider reducing its bond holdings following three rounds of large-scale bond purchases or quantitative easing, one of the unconventional measures it used to combat the last recession.
"In our baseline projection, the Fed slowly phases out MBS reinvestments beginning in the spring of next year, never halts reinvestments of Treasuries, never sells MBS, and reaches its new optimal size of the balance sheet in early 2024, with excess reserves in the banking system of $500 billion," JPMorgan economist Michael Feroli wrote in a research note.
On March 22, the Fed had $2.46 trillion in Treasuries and $1.78 trillion in MBS.
Several policymakers have raised concerns about the risks of the Fed maintaining the current level of its Treasuries and MBS holdings as it has remained on track to further increase short-term interest rates in the coming months.
"While we see reinvestments phasing out early next year, we believe the Committee will want to formally agree on and communicate the plan sometime this year, perhaps by the summer or fall," wrote Feroli, referring to the central bank's Federal Open Market Committee, its policy-setting group.
Fed's balance sheet is equivalent to 23 percent of the size of the U.S. economy compared with 6 percent prior to the global financial crisis more than eight years ago.
Earlier Thursday, Goldman Sachs analysts said the Fed would shrink its balance sheet to 11 percent of U.S. gross domestic product or equivalent to $2 trillion, which could be achieved in late 2022.
The FOMC will next meet on May 2-3.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
May 2 New Value AG:
* Today sold all its shares and loans in Idiag AG to a private investor
* New Value held 24.5% of the share capital in Idiag AG Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Fitch Ratings:
* Fitch affirms India at 'BBB-'; outlook stable
* Fitch on India says country ceiling is also affirmed at 'BBB-' and short-term foreign- and local-currency IDRs are affirmed at 'F3'
* Says "India is not immune to external shocks, but country's strong external finances make it less vulnerable than many of its peers"
* Says weak public finances continue to constrain India's ratings
* Says India's sovereign ratings balance strong medium-term growth outlook, favourable external balances with weak fiscal position, difficult business environment
* Fitch on India says significant contingent liabilities for sovereign continue to emanate from public sector banks
* Fitch on India says authorities' focus on reining in inflation starting to bear fruit and might represent shift away from high inflation rates of past
* Says India's business environment likely to gradually improve with implementation, continued broadening of government's structural reform agenda
* Says forecasts India's real GDP growth to accelerate to 7.7 percent in FY17 and FY18, from 7.1 percent in FY16
* Says "not likely" that Indian government's budgeted INR 700 billion capital injection into banks between FY16 and FY19 will be sufficient
* Says expects India's current-account balance to narrow to -0.9% in FY17, foreign reserves to build up to 8.4 months of current external payments Source text for Eikon:
(Updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 5 London copper rallied on Wednesday as China returned from a two-day break to buy up metals following brighter global manufacturing reports, while zinc and nickel tracked a rally in steel. "Markets will be watching for signs of a pickup in physical activity in China now Q1 and all its credit restraints of the last couple of weeks recede," said Kingdom Futures in a report. "People will look for evidence of genuine buying for the much talked about infrastructure projects." * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange climbed 1.2 percent to $5,847.50 a tonne by 0554 GMT, after ending the previous session with modest gains. Prices punched through resistance at the 100-day moving average at $5,790, which traders said improved its technical picture. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper cut early losses to trade at 47,420 yuan ($6,880) a tonne, down 0.9 percent. * NICKEL, ZINC: LME nickel and zinc both rose 2 percent, yanked up by gains in the steel sector after a cyclone in Australia damaged transport routes for coking coal, fuelling an 8 percent jump in prices. * CHINA-U.S. MEET: Although worried about the prospect of a trade war, American businesses operating in China nonetheless want President Donald Trump to wring some concessions on market access from China's leader Xi Jingping when the two meet this week. * FREEPORT: Indonesia has issued Freeport McMoRan Inc's local unit a temporary "special mining permit" allowing it to seek a resumption of copper concentrate exports while the two sides negotiate longer-term mining rights. * ESCONDIDA: Escondida, the world's biggest copper mine, has restarted production but is still some way from a return to full capacity after a strike that ended in late March, a senior executive from mine owner BHP Billiton said. * CESCO: Southern Copper should share more of its profits with workers in Peru to avoid an indefinite strike at its Toquepala and Cuajone mines starting on April 10, a union leader said on Tuesday. * Anglo American could begin to expand copper capacity starting in Peru in 2018 after another year without added supplies as the company remains focused on cutting costs, the head of its copper division said in an interview. * GLOBAL MANUFACTURING: Factories across Europe and much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March, rounding off a strong quarter for manufacturers, even though exporters fear a rise in U.S. protectionism. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0737 GMT Three month LME copper 5856.5 Most active ShFE copper 47410 Three month LME aluminium 1964 Most active ShFE aluminium 28 Three month LME zinc 2794 Most active ShFE zinc 23110 Three month LME lead 2335 Most active ShFE lead 1 Three month LME nickel 10185 Most active ShFE nickel 1 Three month LME tin 20050 Most active ShFE tin 1 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 528.91 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1548.42 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 268.03 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1711.8 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1561 ($1 = 6.8920 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Richard Pullin and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
JAKARTA, April 20 Indonesian workers at American mining giant Freeport McMoran Inc. will stage a month-long protest starting May 1 against layoffs, as the company ramps down production in the midst of a contract dispute with the Indonesian government.
Union member Tri Puspital said the strike at the giant Grasberg copper mine in the eastern province of Papua was intended to disrupt production and that management had already been informed.
"We demand that they stop sending workers on furloughs, bring back all the workers who have already been sent off, and open negotiation with the union," Puspital told Reuters by phone.
(Reporting by Wilda Asmarini; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Adrian Croft)
COLOGNE, Germany The overwhelming victory of Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic in Serbia's presidential election on April 2 could help stabilise the country, a top U.S. and NATO military officer said.
Navy Admiral Michelle Howard, who heads NATO's Allied Joint Force Command in Naples, told Reuters they hoped "engineered provocations" between Kosovo and Serbia in recent months would calm down now that the election was over.
"Now that we're through the election, perhaps the national leaders will refocus on their own countries and govern. That's my hope," Howard, who also commands U.S. naval forces in Europe and Africa, said in an interview late on Saturday after an event hosted by the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance.
Howard said the region remained an area of concern for the U.S. military and NATO, which still has 4,500 troops in Kosovo after intervening in 1999 to stop Serbia's killings of ethnic Albanian civilians in a counter-insurgency campaign.
They said Vucic, the outgoing prime minister, had run for president on a promise to keep the country moving on a path toward European Union accession, which also required a demonstration of economic stability.
"If he's serious, then I think that is helpful for the country," Howard said. "As you meet all that criteria, I can only imagine that it's helpful for ... establishing stability and security of (Serbia)."
If Vucic makes good their vow to continue moving toward EU membership, then Serbia would remain "balanced between Russian influence and the rest of southeast Europe", Howard said.
Thousands of students and other protesters, who see Vucic as an autocrat, rallied in Belgrade last week to protest at their victory and what they see as a fraudulent election.
Although their new post will be largely ceremonial, Vucic is expected to maintain their grip on power through their Serbian Progressive Party and to continue a balancing act between the West and Russia, a Orthodox Christian and Slavic ally.
Howard said they found it astonishing how tense relations still were between Serbia and the ethnic Albanian-majority government in Kosovo nearly two decades after the war.
Serbia continues to regard Kosovo, which declared independence in 2008, as a renegade province.
"Every time I talk to someone who's from that region, they just remind me that grievances run deep in this part of the world, that the dead get buried but the grievance does not," Howard said. "It's a very complex environment."
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; editing by Mark Heinrich)
ISTANBUL, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Turkey's Enerjisa Enerji said on Friday that there was no revision to the price range for its planned initial public offering and the flotation was still set at 6.25-7.50 lira per share. (Reporting by Ebru Tuncay and Ceyda Caglayan; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Dominic Evans)
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
NAIROBI/KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan police have killed at least 11 people in a crackdown on protests as anger at the re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta erupted in the western city of Kisumu and slums surrounding the capital, officials and witnesses said on Saturday.
However, the NASA opposition coalition, led by four-time presidential hopeful Raila Odinga, put the death toll at more than 100, including 10 children, but did not provide evidence. Odinga has rejected the poll and its result as "massive" fraud.
The eruption of violence has revived memories of a decade ago, when Odinga, now 72, lost an election in controversial circumstances that sparked a wave of political and ethnic unrest in which 1,200 people were killed and 600,000 displaced.
Kofi Annan, the former U.N. head who mediated during that crisis, on Saturday issued a statement warning Kenya's leaders to "be careful with their rhetoric and actions in this tense atmosphere".
Reuters was able to confirm 11 deaths, including one girl, in the space of 24 hours. The Kenya National Commission on Human Rights said 24 people had been shot dead by police since Tuesday, election day.
Top Odinga lieutenant Johnson Muthama said police had been packing corpses into body bags and dumping them, remarks likely to exacerbate the tensions that followed Friday night's official announcement that Kenyatta had won, with 54.3 percent of votes.
Mwenda Njeka, a spokesperson for the Interior Ministry, said the opposition claims were "hogwash".
Acting Interior Minister Fred Matiang'i had earlier said trouble was localised and blamed it on "criminal elements" rather than legitimate political protest. They also denied accusations of police brutality.
"Let us be honest - there are no demonstrations happening," they told reporters.
"Individuals or gangs that are looting shops, that want to endanger lives, that are breaking into people's businesses – those are not demonstrators. They are criminals and we expect police to deal with criminals how criminals should be dealt with."
"STATE TERROR"
However, James Orengo, another top NASA official, said the killings were part of a carefully laid plan by 55-year-old Kenyatta's Jubilee party and the security forces to rig the poll, crush dissent and then hide the evidence.
"This violence, this state terror is being executed following very meticulous preparation," they said.
They and Muthama urged Odinga supporters to stay calm and out of harm's way but, ominously, said there would be no backing down. "We will not be cowed. We will not relent," Muthama said.
As with previous votes in 2007 and 2013, this year's elections have exposed the underlying ethnic tensions in the nation of 45 million people, the economic engine of East Africa and the region's main trading hub.
In particular, Odinga's Luo tribe, who hail from the west, hoped an Odinga presidency would break the Kikuyu and Kalenjin dominance of central government since independence in 1963. Kenyatta, the son of Kenya's first president, is a Kikuyu.
Anti riot police officers clash with protesters supporting opposition leader Raila Odinga in Mathare, in Nairobi, Kenya August 12, 2017. Thomas Mukoya
Most of the trouble has been in the western city of Kisumu, an Odinga stronghold, and the large, ethnically mixed slums on the outskirts of Nairobi.
The bodies of nine young men shot dead in the capital's run-down Mathare neighbourhood were brought to the city morgue, a security official said. A young girl was also killed by a stray bullet in Mathare, according to a witness.
A government official said one man had been killed in Kisumu county. A Reuters reporter in the city heard tear gas grenades and gunshots overnight and on Saturday morning.
In addition to the deaths, officials at Kisumu's main hospital said they had treated 26 people since Friday night, including four with gunshot wounds and others who had been beaten by police.
Medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres said it had treated 54 patients, including seven for gunshot wounds.
Slideshow (9 Images)
"THIS IS JUST A WARM-UP"
One man, 28-year-old Moses Oduor, was inside their home in Kisumu's impoverished district of Obunga when police conducting house-to-house raids dragged them out of their bedroom and set about them with clubs.
"He was not out fighting them. They were rescued by my sister who lives next to him," said their brother, Charles Ochieng. "She came outside screaming at the police, asking why they are beating people."
In Nairobi, armed police and water cannons moved through the rubble-strewn streets of Kibera, another pro-Odinga slum.
At one point they fired volleys of tear gas and live rounds to force a convoy of pick-up trucks containing senior NASA officials to retreat, a Reuters witness said.
Fleeing Odinga loyalists vowed to vent their rage at the seat of Kenyatta's administration in central Nairobi.
"This is just a warm-up. Tomorrow we will go to State House and they can kill us there," shouted Felix Oduor, 18, as they ran from clouds of tear gas along Kibera's railway line. "They can't kill us all," those around them shouted in response.
Annan reiterated calls for Odinga to lodge any complaint in court but the opposition has said it does not trust the system.
Even before the official result was declared, NASA had rejected the poll's outcome, saying the election commission's systems had been hacked, the count was irregular, and foreign observers who endorsed the poll and the count were biased.
NASA provided no evidence but singled out former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and former South African president Thabo Mbeki - who both led teams of observers - for criticism.
Kenya's ELOG domestic observation group, which had 8,300 agents on the ground, published a parallel vote tally on Saturday that conformed with the official results.
SASEBO, April 29 As tension spikes on the Korean peninsula, a French amphibious assault carrier sailed into Japan's naval base of Sasebo on Saturday ahead of drills that risk upsetting China, which faces U.S. pressure to rein in North Korea's arms programmes.
The Mistral will lead exercises next month near Guam, along with forces from Japan, the United States and Britain, practicing amphibious landings around Tinian, an island about 2,500 km (1,553 miles) south of the Japanese capital of Tokyo.
The drills, involving 700 troops, were planned before Saturday's test-firing of a ballistic missile by North Korea, in defiance of world pressure, in what would be its fourth successive unsuccessful missile test since March.
Japan and the United States are worried by China's efforts to extend its influence beyond its coastal waters and the South China Sea by acquiring power-projecting aircraft carriers, a concern shared by France, which controls several Pacific islands, including New Caledonia and French Polynesia.
Even as they seek stronger economic ties with China, both France and Britain, which has two navy helicopters aboard the Mistral, are deepening security cooperation with Japan, a close U.S. ally that has Asia's second-strongest navy after China.
The Mistral forms part of an amphibious task force mission, the Jeanne d'Arc, that is "a potent support to French diplomacy," the country's defence ministry said in a statement.
Officials and children's welcome dances greeted the Mistral in Sasebo, on the western island of Kyushu, a major naval base for Japan's Maritime Self Defense Force (MSDF) and the U.S. Navy.
The Mistral, which left France in February, can carry up to 35 helicopters and four landing barges, besides several hundred soldiers. It will stay in Sasebo until May 5.
This month China launched its first domestically-built aircraft carrier, the Shandong. It joined the Liaoning, bought from Ukraine in 1998, which led a group of Chinese warships through waters south of Japan in December.
China's military ambitions, however, have been overshadowed in recent weeks by tension on the Korean peninsula as Pyongyang conducts long-range missile tests, and prepares for a possible sixth nuclear test.
In a show of force, the United States has sent the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group to nearby waters, where it will join the USS Michigan, a guided missile submarine that docked in South Korea on Tuesday.
The Carl Vinson entered the Sea of Japan on Saturday, where it completed naval drills with two Japanese warships dispatched from Sasebo, an MSDF spokesperson said. (Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Feb 2(Reuters) - I‘rom Group Co Ltd
* Says its wholly owned unit ID Pharma concluded an iPS cell generation technology licensing agreement with U.S.-based QurAlis Corporation
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/a2Qms7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Colombian championship Liga Aguila II matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Santa Fe 0 Tigres 1 Jaguares 0 Atletico Nacional 1 Rionegro Aguilas 2 Once Caldas 2 Saturday, August 12 Atletico Junior 2 Envigado 0 La Equidad 0 Millonarios 1 Bucaramanga 0 Cortulua 1 Friday, August 11 Tolima 1 Atletico Huila 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Atletico Junior 7 6 0 1 13 2 18 2 Santa Fe 7 6 0 1 10 3 18 3 Atletico Nacional 7 4 1 2 6 5 13 4 Cortulua 7 3 2 2 7 6 11 5 Alianza Petrolera 6 3 2 1 7 6 11 6 Tigres 7 3 1 3 5 7 10 7 Independiente Medellin 6 2 3 1 5 3 9 8 Millonarios 7 2 3 2 8 7 9 ------------------------- 9 Atletico Huila 7 2 3 2 7 7 9 10 La Equidad 7 2 3 2 8 10 9 11 Patriotas Boyaca 6 1 5 0 5 3 8 12 Pasto 6 2 2 2 7 7 8 13 America 6 2 2 2 5 5 8 14 Tolima 7 2 2 3 6 8 8 15 Deportivo Cali 6 1 3 2 9 9 6 16 Jaguares 7 1 3 3 4 5 6 17 Once Caldas 7 1 3 3 6 9 6 18 Envigado 7 1 2 4 5 11 5 19 Bucaramanga 7 1 1 5 5 9 4 20 Rionegro Aguilas 7 0 3 4 3 9 3 1-8: Championship play-off Still being played (GMT): Sunday, August 13 America v Alianza Petrolera (2215) Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Independiente Medellin v Patriotas Boyaca (2230) Monday, August 14 Pasto v Deportivo Cali (0030)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
(Adds management changes at Agrokor firms, paras 8-9)
By Igor Ilic
ZAGREB, April 5 Croatia's parliament could pass an emergency law as early as Wednesday to shield the economy from big company failures after the country's largest private firm Agrokor piled up debts, leaving it struggling to pay creditors and suppliers.
Agrokor, the biggest food producer and retailer in the Balkans with 60,000 employees, built up debts of about 45 billion kunas ($6.5 bln), or six times its equity, as it expanded rapidly.
The law will be applied to Agrokor if the company fails to secure deals with creditors and suppliers and is intended to protect the economy in the event of future corporate failures.
"We want to protect our financial system, the economy, jobs, suppliers, family businesses and all the stakeholders involved in developments around our biggest firm," Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic told parliament as they presented the legislation on Wednesday.
Under the law, which could be approved by parliament as soon as later on Wednesday, the state will be able to appoint an executive to steer a restructuring process at the request of a debtor as well as at creditors' request with the company's agreement.
The law envisages a company reaching a restructuring deal within 15 months.
Agrokor struck a deal on Sunday with six lenders led by Russia's Sberbank and VTB to freeze debt repayments and get an unspecified cash injection.
In line with that, a restructuring expert was appointed to rescue the business. Antonio Alvarez III, of consultants Alvarez&Marsal, said on Tuesday there was no guarantee that the company could be saved.
Agrokor said on Wednesday that its retail chains in Slovenia and Croatia as well as a Serbia-based refined oils producer had replaced their top managers.
"The management changes in our key retail and food production companies aim at strengthening the company within a new business model and further restructuring plan," Agrokor said in a statement.
Agrokor suppliers, who are owed around 16 billion kunas ($2.29 billion), hope the new law will facilitate unfreezing of the company's accounts.
But food producers that supply Agrokor's retail chain Konzum, which controls almost a third of the local market, are worried payments will come too late to keep their businesses running.
"We're still delivering products, but we have no information whatsoever on how and when we will be paid," said Zvonimir Belic, the manager of tomato producer Zarja, based near the capital Zagreb, which employs 50 people. "I really don't know how to pay salaries this month."
The central bank said on Tuesday some banks might need a capital boost due to their exposure to Agrokor although the banking system as a whole was not in danger due to banks' relatively high average capital adequacy levels. (Editing by Susan Fenton)
* U.S. Q4 GDP growth 2.1 percent in final estimate
* Yield rise seen temporary (Adds comment, details, byline, updates prices)
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, March 30 U.S. Treasury debt yields drifted higher on Thursday after data showed the final U.S. gross domestic product number for the fourth quarter was revised higher, reflecting a fairly steady growth path for the world's largest economy.
Yields though have trended lower over the last two weeks, with that of benchmark U.S. 10-year notes declining nearly 30 basis points since hitting a three-month peak on March 14. Analysts said the slight gain in yields, which move inversely to prices, could well be temporary.
"We had decent data so we have a bearish tone in the market," said Stan Sun, interest rates strategist at Nomura in New York. "Not to forget that yesterday we had a pretty good rally and so we're just kind of retracing from there."
The final U.S. GDP growth number was 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter, higher than the second estimate of 1.9 percent growth and exceeding market forecasts for a 2.0 percent rise. The fourth quarter number, however, was lower than that of the third when GDP rose 3.5 percent.
"The trend in growth has remained close to 2 percent, which is weak by past standards, but strong enough in the current cycle to bring down the unemployment rate," said Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla, New York.
In mid-morning trading, benchmark 10-year notes were down 2/32 in price to yield 2.394 percent, compared with 2.387 percent late on Wednesday.
U.S. 30-year bond prices fell 11/32, yielding 3.011 percent US30-YT=RR, up from Wednesday's 2.994 percent.
On the front end of the curve, U.S. two-year note yields were at 1.277 percent, down slightly from 1.278 percent on Wednesday.
Prior to the release of the data, Treasury prices had a modestly positive tone, in line with gains in European bonds as the European Central Bank was keen to reassure investors that its easy monetary policy is far from ending.
Treasuries have been bid the last two weeks after the Federal Reserve at its last policy meeting stuck to its forecast for a hiking pace of three interest rate increases this year.
More recently, growing doubts about the Trump administration's ability to get anything done to bolster the economy have also pushed Treasury prices higher. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
TIMMINS -
A Timmins man faces several charges after two vehicles were stolen and one homeowner confronted an individual who had entered their residence.
On Saturday, police received a report of a Break & Enter at a residence in Timmins.
During the break and enter, several items were taken, including the victim's vehicle. At approximately 7 p.m. the same day, police received another report of a stolen vehicle and upon arrival on scene, officers located the original vehicle, which had been switched for the second stolen vehicle.
Further, at approximately 11:15 p.m., police received a report of an unknown individual who had entered a residence in the area of Government Road. The suspect left the residence when confronted by the homeowner and was determined to be barricaded inside a structure on the property.
Patrol officers, along with members of the Emergency Response Team attended the scene, located the individual, and conducted a high-risk arrest of the suspect. The following day, while in police custody, the individual became confrontational and aggressive with police officers. A conductive energy weapon was deployed in order to safely gain control of the suspect.
Both stolen vehicles were returned to their owners without damage, and no injuries were sustained as a result of these incidents.
As a result of the above-mentioned incidents, Kavin Justin Singer-Mckenzie, 36, of Timmins faces charges of:
Break & Enter and Commit Indictable offence
Theft of a Motor Vehicle x2
Possession of Property over $5000 x2
Possession of Property under $5000 x2
Trespass by Night
Assault Peace Officer
Singer-McKenzie was held in custody pending a bail hearing scheduled for today, December 11, 2017.
MRSA (Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) bacteria strain is seen in a petri dish containing agar jelly for bacterial culture in a microbiological laboratory in Berlin March 1, 2008. MRSA is a drug-resistant ''superbug'', which can cause deadly infections. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
LONDON Eleven biotech companies and research teams in Britain and the United States were awarded up to $48 million in funding on Thursday to speed development of new antibiotics powerful enough to take on the world's deadliest superbugs.
The range of antimicrobial medicines able to kill the growing number of drug-resistant infections is dwindling and health experts warn that within a generation the death toll from such "superbug" infections could reach 10 billion.
Announcing its first funding, a new U.S.-U.K. alliance known as CARB-X, short for Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria Biopharmaceutical Accelerator, said it would invest an initial $24 million in 11 biotech companies pursing various projects to develop antibiotics and diagnostic. Another $24 million will be given in staged payments over three years as projects progress.
Added to private funds from the companies, the CARB-X funding could lead to an investment of more than $75 million in projects that show success, it said in a statement. Britain's Wellcome Trust global health charity is committing 125 million pounds ($155.5 million) over five years.
Public health specialists have been warning for years that the world is facing an urgent global health threat from antibiotic-resistant superbug bacteria and that the pipeline of novel therapies to treat them is precariously thin.
Drug-resistant infections kill 700,000 people a year worldwide, and the last new antibiotic class to be approved for market was discovered in 1984.
With CARB-X funds, three of the 11 projects are working on potential new classes of antibiotics, while four are exploring new ways of targeting and killing bacteria.
Tim Jinks, head of drug resistant infection at the Wellcome Trust, said antibiotic resistance is already "a huge global health challenge" and is getting worse. "Without effective drugs, doctors cannot treat patients," they said in a statement.
Kevin Outterson, CARB-X's executive director and a professor of law at Boston University in the United States, added: "By accelerating promising research, it is our hope that we can speed up the delivery of new effective antibacterials, vaccines, devices and rapid diagnostics to patients who need them."
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
Workers produce medical marijuana at Canopy Growth Corporation's Tweed facility in Smiths Falls, Ont., on February 12, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
Nestled inside Canopy Growth Corp.'s sprawling marijuana facility outside Ottawa is a laboratory where technicians in white lab coats and hair nets bustle about, pipetting fluids into glassware as machinery hums and coloured, three-dimensional graphs flash on nearby screens.
The lab is unlike any other in the 15,600-square-metre facility, a so-called dealers licence area, which allows the company to experiment with materials and products that are not otherwise legal in Canada — or even the rest of the facility.
It's a separate room within Canopy's enormous operation at an old Hershey's chocolate factory in Smith Falls, Ont., where scientists develop ideas into products — from cannabis-infused drinks to new edibles — ahead of anticipated changes to Canada's marijuana laws.
“This is probably the most sophisticated cannabis lab in Canada,” said scientific adviser Ben Geiling.
Related: Liberals introduce long-awaited bills to legalize marijuana by July 2018
Various analytical instruments are used to measure the composition of marijuana samples, such as the ratio of active organic compounds like cannabinoids and terpenes, while mass spectrometers detect various pesticides and toxins.
Elaborate machines — whirling tubes and electric boxes suspended in a metal lattice, all of it reminiscent of a Dr. Seuss illustration — fill half the room. It's the first time media has been allowed into the space; taking photos of the devices is forbidden in order to prevent details about the sensitive technology from falling into the hands of competitors.
As Canada looks ahead to legalizing recreational marijuana later this year, Canopy's lab is part of a general trend toward more sophistication in an industry looking to shed lingering stereotypes of basement grow-ops and black market dealers.
Geiling arrived at Canopy two-and-a-half years ago after completing graduate studies in biology at McGill University in Montreal and had never imagined working at a marijuana company.
“Absolutely not. When I first started here I was very skeptical, until my first day. Then I realized this wasn't just someone's garage,” they said, laughing.
“Honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I had some ideas that maybe it wouldn't be a very sophisticated operation, there wouldn't be a lot of science. I couldn't have been more wrong.”
Geiling said the dealers licence area is more of a pharmaceutical regulation, separate from the regulatory framework that surrounds the ACMPR, or Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulation.
In 2016, Canopy became the second company in Canada to obtain the unique licence, which also allows it to test marijuana from other legal growers, to determine the chemical makeup of their product.
“This is no longer something that's run by biker gangs or people growing in their basement,” Geiling said. ”This is a true pharmaceutical facility.”
Related: Province releases policy decisions on cannabis retail, driving laws
Despite being located in the heart of Canopy's facility, the lab is considered a separate entity — so much so that paperwork must be filed to move marijuana into it, even from elsewhere in the facility.
Bruce Linton, Canopy's CEO, described the value of the lab as offering the company a chance to make more mistakes than the competition.
“We're not just testing products. We're trying to invent things,” they said before gesturing around the dealers licence area. “Does this look like a marijuana facility, or a high-end lab where you can have lots of interesting PhDs coming and sharing ideas?”
There are 370 people working at Canopy in Smith Falls, with more than 750 workers across Canada and more than 300 job openings.
But it wasn't always this way. In the early days of 2014, recruiting talent was a challenge, Linton said.
“The big problem was getting you as a first person to decide that you're going to tell your parents you're joining a pot company.”
Those challenges appear to be a thing of the past, as the company prepares to hire as many as 400 new people.
“It's hard not to be excited,” Linton said.
Related: UBCO students to get medical cannabis coverage
Geordon Omand, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
April 10 Ardent Leisure Group
* Dreamworld recovery remains on‐track despite significant rainfall
* main event has recorded unaudited revenues of us$61.5 million for period from 1 january to 31 March 2017, up 25.1% versus pcp
* group has decided to add 8 main event centres in fy18 rather than 11 as previously guided
* longer‐term target of 200 main event centres remains unchanged.
* group believes overall recovery of theme parks remains on track.
* group continues to target low single digit main event constant centre revenue growth over longer term
* group believes there is a risk over time that under‐investment could have a negative impact on main event brand
* anticipates that all main event centres will eventually require some level of additional investment to refresh them over time
* recent cyclone that impacted east coast of australia resulted in a closure of dreamworld and skypoint for 1 day in late March, however no damage or flooding occurred
* During the period from 1 to 24 March 2017, theme parks recorded unaudited revenues of $3.1 million, down 34.3% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Chicago Bridge & Iron Company NV :
* Chicago Bridge & Iron Company NV - has been awarded multiple technology contracts by Tianjin Bohua Chemical Development Co. Ltd.
* Chicago Bridge & Iron Company NV - technology contracts for a grassroots petrochemicals plant to be built in Tianjin, China Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Byblos Bank
* Board proposes FY dividend of LBP 200 per share for common shareholders, $8 per share for preferred shareholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CHIBA, Japan, April 6 Nigeria LNG (NLNG) has begun talks with potential buyers on new contracts for gas supplies from its first three production units at its liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal, a senior official from the African company told Reuters.
Contracts for gas supplies from Trains 1, 2 and 3 - which together produce 9 million tonnes of LNG a year - are being discussed, said the official who requested anonymity. They were attending the Gastech trade conference in Chiba outside Tokyo.
"Trains 1-3 are coming back to the market as they are out of contract by 2022. We started to remarket today," they told Reuters late on Wednesday at the conference. The units that freeze natural gas into liquid form for export on ships are known as trains in the industry.
Initial responses from buyers have been positive, they said.
"There are some who are guaranteed to buy," the official said, though they provided no further details.
Nigeria LNG is a venture between state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Royal Dutch Shell , Total and Eni.
Its Bonny Island LNG plant on Nigeria's southern coast has six trains with a total capacity of 22 million tonnes a year. (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Tom Hogue)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - DANSKE BANK CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER THOMAS BORGEN SAYS:
* DOES NOT EXPECT A STRONG CORRECTION IN THE DANISH HOUSING MARKET AS SEEN IN STOCKHOLM AND OSLO
* IS NEGATIVE, SCEPTIC TOWARDS CRYPTOCURRENCIES, ADVISES PEOPLE TO “STAY AWAY”; BELIEVES IN BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
* NOT CERTAIN SUGGESTED COUNTERCYCLICAL BUFFER IS CORRECT TOOL AGAINST BANKS' PERCEIVED CREDIT RISK FURTHER COMPANY COVERAGE: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
April 28 Neo Telemedia Ltd:
* Group is expected to record a loss attributable to owners of company for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Group is expected to record a loss attributable to owners of company for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result due to lack of gain on disposal of HCH investments limited, a then wholly-owned subsidiary of company, of approximately HK$143 million Source text : [bit.ly/2oPFnqP] Further company coverage:
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia May 3 China's coal imports from the seaborne market fell in April, with top exporting countries unable to fully cash in on the loss of Australian shipments in the wake of a powerful cyclone that knocked out mines and infrastructure.
China's seaborne imports will be around 18.95 million tonnes in April, down from 19.5 million the prior month, according to vessel-tracking and port data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts.
Imports from Australia fell by a third to 5.67 million tonnes in April from 8.37 million in March, showing the impact of Cyclone Debbie, a category four storm that hit the major coal-mining state of Queensland on March 28, disrupting mines and shutting down most of the rail system.
Much of the coal exported from Queensland to China is high-grade coking coal used in steel-making, although the state also ships lower quality thermal coal mainly used in power plants.
The main beneficiary of Australia's weather-related misfortune was Indonesia, the world's top exporter of thermal coal, with vessel-tracking data showing its exports to China rose 37 percent to 9.49 million tonnes in April from March's 6.93 million.
This was the highest level of shipments from Indonesia to China since December, and it's possible the April figure could be revised higher in coming days as cargoes that arrived at the end of the month get added to the count.
China mainly buys low-rank thermal coal from Indonesia, which is often blended with domestic supplies before being burned to generate electricity. It's therefore likely that some of the increase in imports from the Southeast Asian nation was more related to underlying demand for this grade of fuel, rather than as a result of the loss of Australian cargoes.
Major coking coal exporters also appeared slow to respond to the loss of Australian shipments, with the vessel-tracking data showing Canada boosted exports to China by 17.6 percent in April from March to 1.27 million tonnes.
Russia managed to increase its exports to China by 21.7 percent to 1.85 million tonnes in April from March, while imports from the United States fell by 64 percent to just 266,000 tonnes, or four cargoes.
While the percentage increase by Canada and Russia may look impressive, the volumes aren't, with the gain in April over March from these two producers amounting to only 520,000 tonnes, or less than a fifth in the drop in imports from Australia.
What the data doesn't show is coal arriving in China via rail and truck from neighbouring Mongolia, another major source of imported coking coal.
Chinese customs figures for April will be available around the third week of May, but in the first quarter imports from Mongolia jumped 113.5 percent from the same period in 2016 to 8.14 million tonnes, which actually made the landlocked country the second-biggest supplier behind Australia and put it ahead of Indonesia in the first three months of 2017.
EXPORTERS STRUGGLE FOR QUICK OUTPUT BOOST
Perhaps the main takeaway from the April shipping numbers is how seaborne coking coal exporters struggled to ramp up output quickly in response to a supply shock, even though prices nearly doubled to close to $300 a tonne.
Years of low prices forced miners to cut operating expenses to the bone, leaving them ill-prepared to boost production if needed, as they lack readily-available equipment, labour and mine plans.
The problem for miners and exporters in the United States, Canada and Russia is that by the time they can boost production, it's more than likely that Australia's output will recover, causing prices to retreat back to levels where they can't compete against the lower-cost operations of the world's biggest exporter of coking coal.
It's therefore likely that the May numbers will see some increases from the smaller shippers of coking coal, but by June it's expected that Australia's mines will be able to produce and export at normal levels.
This will once again make price the determinant in whether countries like Canada and the United States can export to China, with the current price of coking coal futures on the Singapore Exchange suggesting they still have a window of opportunity.
The contract, which is based on the spot free-on-board price from Australia, ended Tuesday at $197.19 a tonne, down from the cyclone-inspired peak of $285 but still comfortably above the $154 level just prior to Debbie's landfall. (Editing by Richard Pullin)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, leaves their home in Paris, France, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS About a third of members of far-left politician Jean-Luc Melenchon's political movement will cast their second round French presidential election vote for centrist Emmanuel Macron, results showed, with the remainder planning to cast a blank vote or abstain.
Opinion polls show Macron is set to win about 60 percent of votes in Sunday's run-off against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, the pair having knocked out Melenchon and eight other candidates in the April 23 first round.
To do that, though, they need to win some of the 20 percent of first round votes that Melenchon secured under the banner of their political movement 'France Unbowed'.
Over 240,000 of France' Unbowed's 430,000 members took part in the survey, announced last week, and in which a vote for Le Pen was not among the options. In all, about 7 million people voted for Melenchon in the first round.
The results of the survey showed that 36.1 percent would aim for a blank vote, compared to 34.8 percent for Macron and 29.1 percent aiming to abstain.
Melenchon themselves has said they will not vote for Le Pen and does not expect any of their supporters to.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; editing by Andrew Callus)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Doping Analysis Laboratory in Doha has had its suspension lifted and been reinstated, the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) said on Thursday.
The Doha laboratory, which had its accreditation suspended last November because it did not comply with international standards, can immediately resume all anti-doping activities, including the analysis of urine and blood samples.
"WADA is pleased to confirm that the Doha Laboratory's accreditation has been reinstated approximately five months after the laboratory was suspended," WADA director general Olivier Niggli said in a statement.
"We are confident that the laboratory has corrected its deficiencies; and, our Laboratory Expert Group will now continue to monitor the laboratory's performance to ensure that it operates to the high standards required by WADA."
(Reporting by Steve Keating; Editing by Ian Chadband)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3653, or 73.24 U.S. cents * Bond prices slightly lower across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, April 28 The Canadian dollar weakened against its U.S. counterpart on Friday, retaining this week's defensive bias as domestic data showed the economy stalled in February, offsetting a rebound in oil prices. Canadian gross domestic product was flat in February, matching the forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll, after robust growth in January. "It is a soft month in an otherwise solid quarter," said Derek Holt, head of capital markets economics at Scotiabank. Oil prices rose after dropping to a one-month low the previous day, prompting investors to buy at cheaper levels ahead of a May Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meeting at which producers could extend output cuts. At 9:01 a.m. ET (1301 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3653 to the greenback, or 73.24 U.S. cents, weaker than Thursday's close of C$1.3624, or 73.40 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3625 to C$1.3666. On Thursday, the loonie touched a fresh 14-month low at C$1.3670. It is on course to fall 1.1 percent this week, pressured by recent weakening in oil prices and a more uncertain outlook for the North American Free Trade Agreement. Canadian government bond prices were slightly lower across the yield curve in sympathy with U.S. Treasuries. The two-year dipped 1.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.742 percent and the 10-year declined 5.2 Canadian cents to yield 1.581 percent. On Thursday, the 10-year yield touched a three-week high at 1.621 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
SYDNEY, April 28 The builder of an A$800 million ($600 million) gas pipeline that could ease a looming shortage in eastern Australia said on Friday it will boost the capacity of the planned pipeline if a ban on fracking in Australia's north is lifted.
Jemena, owned by State Grid Corp of China and Singapore Power, which is building the 622 km (386 mile) pipeline from northern Australia to Queensland state, is also "well advanced" in plans to extend the pipe further east, a company spokesperson told Reuters.
The comments come amid a growing gas supply crisis in Australia that on Thursday prompted the national government to lay out a radical plan for restricting liquefied natural gas (LNG) exports in order to keep a lid on domestic prices.
Jemena's pipeline from Tennant Creek to Mount Isa is seen as a crucial leg in easing the shortage in the east, by potentially unlocking the vast gas resources in central and northern Australia.
The Northern Territory government is currently reviewing a ban on fracking in the region, but has set no deadline for making a decision.
"We do expect to boost the capacity of the pipeline, provided the moratorium in the Northern Territory is lifted and additional gas supplies made available," Jemena spokesperson Michael Pintabona told Reuters on Friday.
"The whole landscape has changed with the release of the forecast that there'd be shortages."
They added that Jemena is "well advanced in our feasibility studies" to extend the pipeline further east, to connect with the Wallumbilla gas hub, and so reach east-coast markets where gas prices have soared.
"What our ultimate plan is, is that once that gas supply is shored up in the Northern Territory, we'll be able to pump through as much gas as is required," Pintabona said.
Rivals had criticised Jemena's decision, taken a year ago, to build the pipe narrower than planning permission allowed.
That choice was taken in April 2015 ahead of an expected decision to put a moratorium on fracking, which was seen limiting potential gas flows along the pipe, Pintabona said.
However, the pipeline's capacity could be expanded by duplication, or by increasing the pressure of the gas by installing additional infrastructure, they said.
Construction of the pipeline is yet to begin, owing to delays securing approvals.
A spokesperson for Northern Territory Resources Minister Ken Vowles was not immediately available for comment.
($1 = 1.3385 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Richard Pullin)
(Adds details, background throughout)
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Alberto Alerigi Jr
São Paulo May 2 Cielo SA beat first-quarter profit estimates on Tuesday as rising financial gains helped offset declining revenue and income from receivable prepayments at Brazil's biggest payment solutions firm.
Net income at Barueri, Brazil-based Cielo totaled 1.045 billion reais ($332 million) last quarter, down 1.7 percent from the fourth quarter. The result slightly beat an average consensus profit estimate of 1.039 billion reais compiled by Thomson Reuters.
Lower equipment rental fees and falling proceeds from the capturing and settlement of financial transactions drove revenue down for the first time in three years, Cielo said in a statement. Income from receivable prepayments felt the pinch of the central bank's drive to slash borrowing costs in Latin America's largest economy.
Revenue from financial investments climbed 34 percent in the quarter, helping bolster profit.
Still, net revenue tumbled 10.2 percent to 2.801 billion reais from the prior quarter, the steepest quarterly drop since at least 2009. The cost of rendered services plus operational expenses slumped a combined 12.4 percent in the same period.
Prepayment of receivables, through which Cielo helps retailers settle their commercial bills more rapidly, slipped for a third straight quarter to 648.6 million reais - the lowest since the third quarter of 2015.
Management will discuss results on a conference call with investors early on Wednesday.
Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, a gauge of operational profit known as EBITDA, fell 5.3 percent to 1.322 billion reais, well below the consensus estimate of 1.727 billion reais.
At the same time, Cielo's local processing unit posted 3.7 percent growth in financial transaction volume last quarter, slightly below a target of 4 percent to 6 percent. Costs and expenses shrank more than expected in the first quarter, while capital spending on new processing equipment equaled one-eighth of the 400 million reais budgeted for this year.
Chief Executive Eduardo Campozana Gouveia has focused on strict expense controls to stem the impact of aggressive competition and changes to Brazil's payment industry rules.
($1 = 3.1505 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Firefighters battled an early blaze this morning after a Corner Bakery in Plano caught fire around 5am. The bakery, located in the 900 block of N. Central Expressway, north of West Plano Expressway near Collin Creek Mall, had been burning for a while before someone saw and notified emergency services.
Plano Fire-Rescue battles blaze at Corner Bakery near Collin Creek Mall | gif via @TommyNoel https://t.co/6LOQZtvGTF pic.twitter.com/rrG38659WX — Liz Farmer (@liz_farmer) February 15, 2017
LIVE on @KRLD at 7A on fire at Corner Bakery in #Plano. Extent of damage still unknown but no injuries reported! 📷: @CBSDFW pic.twitter.com/7dH8QiBrP4 — Kristin Weisell (@KristinWeisKRLD) February 15, 2017
Plano Firefighters are using the ladder truck to fight the fire from above. Just hot spots at this point pic.twitter.com/BxPdazn1Do — Shannon Murray (@ShannonMFox4) February 15, 2017
The cause of the fire has not yet been determined, and although the building suffered “significant” damage, no injuries were reported.
Via WFAA
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
SUBMITTED PHOTO Theodore ‘Ted' Lambert, an Abington Heights High School senior, has been playing the cello since fifth grade.
Cellist Theodore “Ted” Lambert has an impressive high school career at Abington Heights. And it all started with a little nudge from a classmate in fifth grade.
“It was peer pressure," they said. "A friend suggested it and it worked out. I have been playing a long time.”
Abington Heights High School music teacher Allison Covell spoke highly of the senior and their talents.
“Teddy has been a true inspiration to have in our music department,” they said. “He is an extremely gifted cellist, always reaching new heights and graciously sharing their gift with others.”
Some of the highlights from their resume include:
• Principal cellist of the Abington Heights Symphony orchestra during their junior and senior years
• Principal cellist of the Pennsylvania Music Education Association (PMEA) district 9 and region 4 for the past three years
• Ranked 11th and 7th cellist at the PMEA state level in their sophomore and junior years
• Part of a master class led by world renowned pianist Fei Fei Doug
• One season with the Wyoming Seminary Civic Orchestra during their sophomore year
• Received the Director Award for orchestra in the spring
• Cellist in the school play “Les Misérables” in their sophomore year
• Taught cello to other students at Abington Heights in their junior year
• Nominated for WVIA artist of the week and named WVIA artist of the year among 40 other artists for the performing arts
They also participated in the NEPA Philharmonic mentoring program in their sophomore and senior years. Through this, they played in a Philharmonic concert at the Kirby center in Wilkes Barre and was part of a chamber group that performed at Marywood University in May.
Outside of music, Lambert participated in the scholastic bowl team and competed in the schools Envirothon. They have competed in the America Chemical Society National Olympiad.
Lambert also learned to play the violin. They perform mostly classical music, but also plays pop and modern tunes in various concerts.
They perform at weddings, church masses, funerals and other events.
“The cello is easy to play,” Lambert said. “It is easy to convey my feelings to the audience when I play. It is a beautiful instrument overall. I will always have music in my life.”
They plan to attend the University of Delaware to study chemical engineering. They do not plan on pursuing a minor in music but hopes to perform with chamber groups in Delaware.
“Music speaks to everyone,” they said. “Every person hears the same thing but interprets it differently. It is so special because of this and is one of our greatest tools for expressing our emotions to one another.”
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 09:30 am: Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha at an event in New Delhi. 10:00 am: Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu at an event New Delhi. 11:00 am: Budget session of parliament continues New Delhi. 11:45 am: Tata Motors launch event in Kolkata. 12:30 pm: Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju to brief media on regional connectivity scheme New Delhi. 01:00 pm: NPCI MD A.P. Hota to launch cashless payments initiative in Mumbai. 03:00 pm: Rural Electrification Corp CMD P.V. Ramesh to brief media New Delhi. LIVE CHAT - FED FOCUS Most FedSpeak points to two more rate hikes in 2017, with few hints on the U.S. central bank's plan to normalise its balance sheet. Jennifer Kusuma, senior Asia rates strategist at ANZ, will discuss the possible impact on Asian markets, capital flows and local debts as bond yields get pushed up, at 9.30 am. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • India's lower house of parliament passes key tax reform bills India's lower house of parliament on Wednesday passed key legislations, putting Asia's third-largest economy on course to launch a nationwide goods and services tax from July. • India's top court bans sale of older-technology vehicles from April India's top court on Wednesday banned the sale of vehicles running on older Euro III fuel technology from April 1, a decision that led to a sharp fall in shares of major automakers sitting on unsold inventories. • Indian regulator says Agrium-Potash merger likely to hurt competition India's competition regulator said the proposed merger of fertilizer producers Agrium Inc and Potash Corp of Saskatchewan Inc is likely to hurt competition, but the comments were not expected to prevent the merger. • Vedanta's Agarwal says no plans to buy Anglo American assets in South Africa The chairperson of Indian miner Vedanta Resources said on Wednesday they had no plans to buy assets in South Africa from Anglo American or push for a board seat after announcing plans to buy a 13 percent stake in the mining giant. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • 'No turning back': PM May triggers 'historic' Brexit Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the European Union on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown. • Huge nuclear cost overruns push Toshiba's Westinghouse into bankruptcy Westinghouse Electric Co, a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp, filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday, hit by billions of dollars of cost overruns at four nuclear reactors under construction in the U.S. Southeast. • U.S. State Dept employee charged in making contacts with Chinese agents A U.S. State Department employee with access to sensitive information was accused of failing to report contacts with Chinese foreign intelligence agents who provided them with gifts in exchange for diplomatic and economic information, federal prosecutors said on Wednesday. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,156.00, trading up 0.13% from its previous close. The Indian rupee will likely open higher against the dollar, as foreign investors continue to pump money into the nation's markets ahead of the end of the financial year. However, broad strength in the greenback amid expectations of more rate increases from the Federal Reserve and weakness in the euro, is expected to limit gains - NewsRise. Indian government bonds will likely edge higher in early trade amid expectations strong foreign fund inflows seen over the past few sessions will persist, and as the U.S. yields fell slightly, keeping local debt attractive. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.72 pct-6.77 pct band today. The bond had closed at 101.52 rupees, yielding 6.75 pct, yesterday. GLOBAL MARKETS • The benchmark S&P 500 eked out a gain on Wednesday as strength in the energy and consumer sectors offset declines in financial shares and investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season. • Asian shares edged up to near their highest in two years , while the dollar benefited from waning expectations that the European Central Bank was poised to end its easy policy. • The dollar hovered near a one-week high against a basket of currencies , buoyed by a weaker euro which sagged as prospects of the European Central Bank stepping away from monetary easing faded. • U.S. Treasury debt yields slid on Wednesday in generally light trading, pressured by lingering uncertainty surrounding the Trump administration's economic policy. • Oil prices dipped ending two days of increases as record U.S. crude inventories outweighed a fall in gasoline stocks and disruptions in Libyan supplies. • Gold prices held steady, supported by uncertainties on the impact of Britain's departure from the European Union, U.S. policy under President Donald Trump and French elections, but at the same time capped by a stronger dollar. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 65.91/65.94 March 29 $71.10 mln $385.82 bln 10-yr bond yield 7.09 Month-to-date $4.51 bln $3.99 bln Year-to-date $6.07 bln $5.31 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.8400 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Pradip Kakoti in Bengaluru)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bambuser AB:
* BAMBUSER PRE-RELEASES 2016/2017 RESULTS AND ANNOUNCES CEO RESIGNATION
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍COMPANY ESTIMATES THAT, FOR 18 MONTHS ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2017, ITS NET SALES WERE SEK 8,140 THOUSAND AND NET LOSS WAS SEK 20,705 THOUSAND​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍FOR PERIOD JULY-DECEMBER 2017 NET SALES IS ESTIMATED AT SEK 2,613 THOUSAND AND NET LOSS AT SEK 13,361 THOUSAND​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍REVENUES WERE LOWER THAN COMPANY‘S TARGETS AND ATTRIBUTABLE TO LONGER SALES CYCLES THAN EXPECTED AND INCREASED COMPETITION IN COMPANY‘S PRINCIPAL CUSTOMER SEGMENTS​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍COMPANY DOES NOT EXPECT TO REACH ITS PREVIOUSLY COMMUNICATED TARGETS OF POSITIVE CASH FLOW AND NET EARNINGS, ON A ROLLING 12-MONTH BASIS, BY END OF 2018​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍WITH PROJECTED RUN RATE, COMPANY DOES NOT FORESEE ANY FURTHER CAPITAL NEEDS DURING NEXT 12 MONTHS​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍MANAGEMENT HAS DECIDED TO SCALE DOWN COMPANY‘S US SALES ORGANIZATION​
* BAMBUSER AB SAYS ‍CEO, HANS ERIKSSON, HAS DECIDED TO LEAVE COMPANY​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
FILE PHOTO: Julia Steyn, VP, General Motors Urban Mobility, speaks about GM's new Maven ride services unit, Maven, during the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
General Motors Co (GM.N) said on Wednesday it would expand its car-sharing operation, Maven, in the U.S. ride services market as the automaker looks to benefit from a growing 'gig' or freelance economy.
GM's Maven Gig program will help drivers rent a car on demand for independent gigs such as package delivery, food or grocery delivery, and ridesharing, at a time when more people are expected to take up freelance work.
GM said it expects about 43 percent of the U.S. workforce to work freelance by 2020. Currently about 35 percent of the workforce in the United States are freelancers, according to Freelancers Union, a non-profit organization.
Maven Gig, currently operational in San Diego, will be launched in San Francisco and Los Angeles later this year, GM said.
The automaker aims to have 100 vehicles as part of the Maven Gig fleet in San Diego, starting with its Chevrolet Bolt electric cars, and plans to scale up based on demand.
GM is testing more than 50 Chevrolet Bolt electric vehicles with self-driving technology on public roads in San Francisco, the Detroit metropolitan area and Scottsdale, Arizona.
Maven Gig has partnered with online food order and delivery company GrubHub (GRUB.N), online grocer Instacart and app-based delivery service Roadie.
Maven, launched in January 2016, currently provides vehicles for ridesharing in 11 markets in the United States.
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee and Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
One of the most pronounced changes at the STCW Office of the Maritime Industry Authority (MARINA) is the holding of regular dialogues with the industry players. Where before there was queuing not only of seafarers getting their certificates and documentation but also of stakeholders wanting to seek audience with the leadership of MARINA, a strong relationship with its clients dictates the current STCW Office's direction.
Advertisements
During the consultative meeting on October 4, 2017 convened by lawyer Vera Joy Ban-eg, officer-in-charge, Office of the Executive Director, STCW Office, to review and revise the Implementing Rules and Regulations (IRR) of Republic Act 10635 which designated MARINA as the single maritime administration in the implementation of the International Convention on the Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (STCW), the atmosphere was one of optimism and expectation. The stakeholders were all agog in articulating concerns that are rooted in the confusion brought about by the IRR. What mattered to those present was the opportunity to be heard and to be informed on what the others have to say on the subject.
They are all looking forward to changes in the IRR which for the past two years have been the source of misunderstanding and confusion.
The meeting was one of a series of meetings initiated by Ban-eg and already there were proposals dealing with both the substantive provisions and procedural matters of the existing IRR. The extensive deliberations being undertaken demonstrates a conscious effort to improve the information flow in generating inputs from those who are affected by the policies and processes being introduced by government. This was most apparent as stakeholders were allowed to speak out their positions, comments, views and proposals. To most who participated in the meeting, the initiative promotes transparency and subjects to scrutiny the implementation rules being introduced, unlike before, this is consultation not just for the sake of it.
The STCW Office has scheduled a follow-through meeting towards the end of October to consider the proposed revisions to the IRR. The extent of amendments will be dictated on the parameters which government will have to provide. A direction towards reducing detailed operational rules and guidelines in the form of circulars is an option, thus doing away with further revising the IRR whenever the need to amend the rules and guidelines arises.
Stakeholders should however calibrate their expectations. They should consider that government has to balance the concerns of the various stakeholders and in all cases, public interest takes precedence. What is important is for government to take notice of the position of the stakeholders for it to be able to find the most practicable response to industry concerns and at the same time clarify the position it takes on certain issues. After all, stakeholders' buy-in is crucial to achieving success of any government policy.
Those maritime stakeholders who actively participated in last week's consultative meeting expressed appreciation to that one meaningful dialogue with Ban-eg's team!
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
March 29 Thor Explorations Ltd:
* Thor Explorations Ltd: private placement financing
* Thor Explorations Ltd - under terms of private placement, company proposes to issue up to 13.8 million common shares at a price of $0.145 per common share
* Thor Explorations Ltd - intends to use proceeds of private placement to continue its exploration activities on Segilola project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Boxing - Anthony Joshua v Wladimir Klitschko IBF, IBO & WBA Super World Heavyweight Title's - Wembley Stadium, London, England - 29/4/17 Anthony Joshua celebrates with Mayor of London Sadiq Khan after winning the fight Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge Livepic
A showdown between IBF, WBA and IBO heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua and Tyson Fury is "miles away" as the former champion is yet to regain their physical form and boxing license, promoter Eddie Hearn has said.
Joshua beat Wladimir Klitschko after 11 rounds on Saturday to win three of the four heavyweight titles that belonged to Fury, who relinquished all of their titles in 2015 after their license was suspended pending investigation for doping and medical issues.
The heavyweight rivals have been talking about a match-up since last week when they exchanged barbs on Twitter and Fury challenged Joshua after their victory at Wembley, saying they "can beat AJ with one arm tied behind my back."
Hearn, who is planning Joshua's schedule, said that Fury still had a lot of hurdles to clear before a fight could be arranged.
"We are desperate for that fight because AJ thinks they win comfortably, it is a great fight and it is the biggest fight out there," Hearn told talkSPORT. "But we can only concentrate on AJ's career and guiding him."
"He (Fury) is miles away from fighting.  They are in a terrible physical way at the moment. They don't have a licence, they need to go back to the (British Boxing) board, and they are under investigation for (an alleged) failed (doping) test.
"There is no one that wants to see them back more than me, but it is miles away.  They are not the next fight because they won't be ready in time."
Joshua, who extended their unbeaten run to 19 fights, could face Klitschko in a rematch or challenge either Deontay Wilder (WBC Champion) or Joseph Parker (WBO Champion) for their next match.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Soccer Football - Borussia Dortmund vs Eintracht Frankfurt - Bundesliga - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 15/4/17 General view of security outside the stadium before the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
Soccer Football - Borussia Dortmund vs Eintracht Frankfurt - Bundesliga - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 15/4/17 Borussia Dortmund players as they celebrate after the match Reuters / Ralph Orlowski Livepic
BERLIN Borussia Dortmund bounced back from the trauma of the bomb attack on their team bus and their Champions League defeat in midweek to earn an emotion-filled 3-1 home win over Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Champions and leaders Bayern Munich saw their advantage at the top cut to eight points after they were held to a 0-0 draw at 10-man Bayer Leverkusen, having missed a barrage of chances without their injured top scorer Robert Lewandowski.
The result left Bayern on 69 points from 29 games while second-placed RB Leipzig have 61 after booking Champions League football next season for the first time in the club's history with a 4-0 home win over Freiburg.
Dortmund fans gave their players a rousing reception back at the Westfalenstadion after their tumultuous week and ended up cheering goals from Marco Reus, Sokratis Papastathopoulos and Pierre-Emerick Aubemayang.
Their opening goal came in just two minutes after a slick one-two with Aubameyang saw American teenager Christian Pulisic use their pace to catch Eintracht goalkeeper Lukas Hradecky in no man's land. The American kept their composure to find Reus in front of goal for a stunning back-heeled finish on their return from a month out with injury.
Eintracht had two good chances before Mexican Marco Fabian equalised only for a right-footed shot from Papastathopoulos to restore Borussia's lead 10 minutes before half-time.
Aubameyang grabbed their 26th Bundesliga goal of the season to seal success in the last five minutes.
The players had been greeted by a stirring reception from their supporters at a packed stadium with a visible extra police presence.
Dortmund's team bus had been heading to their stadium for the Champions League match against Monaco on Tuesday when three explosions occurred, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day.
Dortmund said on Twitter on Saturday that Bartra had been released from hospital.
Bayern looked devoid of ideas against Leverkusen as they squandered one opportunity after another without Lewandowski, who also missed Wednesday's 2-1 Champions League home defeat by Real Madrid with a shoulder injury.
Their makeshift side with Thomas Mueller deployed as the lone striker failed to break the deadlock even after the home side had defender Tin Jedvaj sent off on the hour for a second bookable offence.
EXTRAVAGANZA
Third-placed Hoffenheim beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 5-3 to stay a point clear of fourth-placed Dortmund, remaining on course for a best-ever Bundesliga finish and also a maiden Champions League berth.
Their cause was helped by defeat for fifth-placed Hertha Berlin who went down 1-0 at lowly Mainz. Hoffenheim were 2-0 up after Adam Szalai's double but Gladbach fought back to level at halftime. Two second-half goals from Kerem Demirbay kept up Hoffenheim's unbeaten home record in a goal-filled extravaganza. Victory for struggling FC Augsburg, Mainz and VfL Wolfsburg meant bottom side Darmstadt 98 will be relegated if they do not win on Sunday at home to Schalke 04. Wolfsburg beat second from bottom FC Ingolstadt 04 3-0 while Augsburg edged Cologne 2-1. An own goal from Hertha defender John Brooks kept Mainz just above the relegation places in the Bundesliga as they arrested a run of five successive defeats.
(Writing by Mark Gleeson and Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Ian Chadband)
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LORENGELUP, Kenya, April 6 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - In this part of northwest Kenya, one of the worst droughts in years has left the land littered with carcasses of dead livestock – even hardy camels.
Normally droughts here lead to the early marriage of girls, as pastoralist families look for dowry payments to help cushion the impact of livestock losses.
But this time, something unusual is happening: Hard-hit herder families are instead selling drought-threatened livestock and using the money - along with government cash payments - to keep girls in school.
“It is no longer profitable to exchange our young daughters with livestock, because when the animals die of drought, it is like we have lost the girl,” Joyce Apus Ipapai, a mother of eight from Lorengelup village, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Them 18-year-old daughter, Mercy Lopungre, is one of 150 girls still in classrooms at Nakurio Girls Secondary school this year, despite the terrible drought.
Next year the teenager will sit final exams at the school, the only girls' secondary in Turkana's Kerio sub-county, a region with one of the highest rates of illiteracy in the country, according to the Kenya National Bureau of Statistics.
Responding to drought by keeping girls in school is far from an obvious coping strategy for poor families like Ipapai's. Them family lost its entire herd of 60 goats to the last brutal drought in 2011.
Normally girls in the area are married well before they reach 18 years old, often at times of drought.
But since 2013, Ipapai's family has received cash transfers under the Hunger Safety Net Programme (HSNP), implemented by the government through the National Drought Management Authority.
The programme gives 5,400 Kenyan shillings ($52) every two months to the poorest and most vulnerable households in northern Kenya – and lets them decide what to do with the money.
More than 38,000 households in Turkana County receive the payments, officials said.
Ipapai has kept back some of that money – at points burying it in the ground without their husband's knowledge – to try to keep their daughter in school. Other money they have invested in starting a kiosk selling Turkana baskets, beans and other food.
The 39-year-old mother is not the only one who has used social safety net payments to rethink what resilience to drought should look like.
In recent years, other parents in the area also have decided to forgo marrying their teenage daughter to win dowries, instead relying on social payments to get them through droughts and investing in their daughters' education and future employment prospects as a new more resilient form of savings.
DIGGING UP SOLUTIONS
The transition to keeping girls in school has not always been an easy one. When Lopungre passed their primary school exams, in 2014, their father began making plans for their marriage.
“That was the main plan, but before marriage arrangements commenced I dug out the money from the ground and, with something in my hands, I convinced my husband that it was time for our daughter to proceed with their education,” the girl's mother said.
With memories of the animals that succumbed to the 2011 drought still fresh, their husband finally was persuaded and offered to sell two camels to support their wife's idea.
As a result, Lopungre became one of the 35 girls who started at the new Nakurio Girls Secondary school in 2015. Today the school has 150 girls, nearly all of them from the Turkana community.
“People in this county are slowly changing their mentality. Unlike what happened just 10 years ago, where girls were forcefully married off in exchange with livestock, the same parents are now willing to sell the very livestock in order to pay school fees for their daughters,” said Missionary Alfred Areman, the principal at the school and a clergyman at a local Catholic church.
According to Leonard Logilai, who has been the administrative chief in Lorengelup since 1997, many girls started school following the 2011 drought that consumed most of the community's livestock.
“Some (families) have been selling the surviving livestock to pay school fees, while others use part of the HSNP money to settle the fees arrears,” they said.
The switch comes on the back of tireless campaigning on the value of keeping girls in school by the church, local officials and humanitarian organisations.
“I have always told my people that when you educate a girl child, you gain double because apart from adding value to their life, they will still get married, through which the parents will still get the much-wanted dowry,” said Logilai.
“Once a few girls get it right, they will become role models to others, including parents, and that will help us keep up the campaign to promote girl child education in this area,” they said. (Reporting by Isaiah Esipisu; editing by Laurie Goering :; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BANCO DE SABADELL SA:
* TO PAY COMPLEMENTARY GROSS DIVIDEND OF 0.05 EURO PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK The sell-off of municipal bonds tied to the bankruptcy filing of Westinghouse Electric Co paused on Thursday as investors reconsidered concerns on the likelihood that construction of four U.S. nuclear power plants hit by billions in cost overruns will be completed.
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C. Summer in South Carolina, which is majority-owned by SCANA Corp (SCG.N) and Vogtle in Georgia, which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co (SO.N).
Westinghouse is a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp 6502.T>.
Tax-exempt bonds issued by the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG), which owns 22.7 percent of the Vogtle units, and South Carolina Public Service Authority (Santee Cooper), which owns 45 percent of the V.C. Summer units, reversed a recent slide, albeit in thin trading volumes.
"It could be considered a dead-cat bounce in the market as people are starting to get comfortable with their ability to pay their bonds and it doesn't appear that this is going to lead to a default," said Brett Adlard, municipal strategist at Piper Jaffray in Chicago.
Adlard said there could be near-term weakness in the bonds because of headline risks, but there is a slow realization that there are underlying strengths, such as Santee Cooper's flexibility to raise electricity rates given that the rates are considered low when measured against the rest of the nation.
On Wednesday, SCANA executives told analysts that in the case of the V.C. Summer operations, most of the components are already bought and on site, which employs about 5,000 people.
"The Trump administration, being so pro-jobs, shutting down these two large nuclear plants would look like a negative from their goal," Adlard said, adding that Westinghouse's involvement in military operations makes this a national security interest."
MEAG's 6.637 percent bond maturing in 2057 saw improvement with the yield spread over the benchmark MMD yield curve narrowing by 4.5 basis points to 285.7 basis points. However, over the last 10 trading days, spreads are wider by a significant 26.9 basis points, according to Thomson Reuters data. 626207YF5=MSRB.
Santee Cooper's 5 percent bond maturing in 2028 improved on Thursday with the yield spread narrowing by 16.7 basis points to 95.1 basis points. That is still 35.6 basis points wider over the last 10 trading days. 837151KG3=MSRB Wider spreads indicate weak performance in a credit.
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labour, equipment and components.
"These are fundamentally strong credits, but that said, they have made a lot of investments in these plants and now there is more uncertainty on how much more it is going to cost or how much longer it will take to complete the plants," said John Ceffalio, municipal credit analyst at AllianceBernstein in New York.
"To date, both MEAG and Santee Cooper have had a lot of political support. We question how strong that support will be going forward given additional costs and delays," they said.
(Reporting by Daniel Bases; Editing by Leslie Adler)
FILE PICTURE: U.S. Army General Joseph Votel, commander, U.S. Central Command, briefs the media at the Pentagon in Washington, U.S. April 29, 2016 about the investigation of the airstrike on the Doctors Without Borders trauma center in Kunduz, Afghanistan on October 3, 2015.... REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The U.S. military said on Wednesday that 284 members of the Iraqi security forces had been killed since the battle to retake western Mosul began, with more than 1,600 wounded.
Army General Joseph Votel said during a congressional hearing that in addition to the casualties in western Mosul, the battle for eastern Mosul had lead to 490 members of the Iraqi security forces being killed with over 3,000 wounded.
Votel is head of the U.S. military's Central Command.
Iraqi special forces and police fought Islamic State militants to edge closer to the al-Nuri mosque in western Mosul on Wednesday, tightening their control around the landmark site in the battle to recapture Iraq's second city.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Contact
Kali Chan
***@adelphi.edu Kali Chan
End
-- Adelphi University students, faculty, alumni and friends will be showing their panther pride for 24 hours with a full day of giving back to the institution and rallying around causes they love with the first annual Giving Day 2017 scheduled for Wednesday, April 19."The theme of the day is celebrating Adelphi and giving back," said Jennifer Walsh, director of annual giving in the Office of University Advancement.This new style of campaign held on many college campuses will allow the Adelphi community to give back to its various members to provide essential funds for goals such as a new "patient" for the College of Nursing and Public Health's simulation lab, bringing k-12 grade students to campus to enjoy a one-of-a-kind workshop in our exclusive STEAM maker space, paying for the rights to presentin the Performing Arts Center or creating a scholarship fund for deserving Adelphi students.The funds raised will support important academic, career and community initiatives to transform lives and power up worthy causes. Every single dollar makes a difference.On April 19, a celebration for the Adelphi community will be held in the new Nexus Building lobby from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. with music, delicious treats and thank-you gifts for donating. There will also be a photo booth where you can take your picture and let the community know why you've chosen to support Adelphi.Friends of the university are also encouraged to donate online at adelphi.edu/givingday ( http://giving.adelphi.edu/ giving-options/ giving-day-2017/ ) and have their gifts counted toward the Giving Day total. Donors are also encouraged to spread the word using the hashtag #PawsForYourCause on social media to join in on the fun and conversation.To learn more, contact Jennifer Walsh at jenwalsh@adelphi.edu or 516.877.4687 (tel:(516)%20877-4687).Adelphi University is a highly awarded, nationally ranked, powerfully connected doctoral research university offering exceptional liberal arts and sciences programs and professional training with particular strength in its Core Four—Arts and Humanities, STEM and Social Sciences, Professions, and Health and Wellness. Adelphi is dedicated to transforming students' lives through small classes, hands-on learning and innovative ways to support student success.Founded in Brooklyn in 1896, Adelphi is Long Island's oldest private coeducational university. Today Adelphi serves nearly 7,500 national and international students at its beautiful main campus in Garden City, New York—just 23 miles from New York City's cultural and internship opportunities—and at dynamic learning hubs in Manhattan, the Hudson Valley and Suffolk County, and online.More than 100,000 Adelphi graduates have gained the skills to thrive professionally as active, caring citizens, making their mark on the University, their communities and the world beyond.
HONG KONG/SAN FRANCISCO, April 16 Documents and computer files released by hackers provide a blueprint for how the U.S. National Security Agency likely used weaknesses in commercially available software to gain access to the global system for transferring money between banks, a review of the data showed.
On Friday, a group calling itself the Shadow Brokers released documents and files indicating NSA had accessed the SWIFT money-transfer system through service providers in the Middle East and Latin America. That release was the latest in a series of disclosures by the group in recent months.
Matt Suiche, founder of cybersecurity firm Comae Technologies, wrote in a blog post that screen shots indicated some SWIFT affiliates were using Windows servers that were vulnerable at the time, in 2013, to the Microsoft exploits published by the Shadow Brokers. They said they concluded that the NSA took advantage and got in that way.
"As soon as they bypass the firewalls, they target the machines using Microsoft exploits," Suiche told Reuters. Exploits are small programs for taking advantage of security flaws. Hackers use them to insert back doors for continued access, eavesdropping or to insert other tools.
"We now have all of the tools the NSA used to compromise SWIFT (via) Cisco firewalls, Windows," Suiche said.
Reuters was not able to independently verify the authenticity of the documents released by the hackers. Microsoft acknowledged the vulnerabilities and said they had been patched. Cisco Systems Inc has previously acknowledged that its firewalls had been vulnerable.
Cisco and the NSA did not reply to requests for comment.
BREACH OF FIREWALLS
A PowerPoint presentation that was part of the most recent Shadow Brokers release indicates the NSA used a tool codenamed BARGLEE to breach the SWIFT service providers' security firewalls.
The NSA's official seal appeared on one of the slides in the presentation, although Reuters could not independently determine the authenticity of the slides.
The slide referred to ASA firewalls. Cisco is the only company that makes ASA firewalls, according to a Cisco employee who spoke on condition of anonymity. ASA stands for Adaptive Security Appliance and is a combined firewall, antivirus, intrusion prevention and virtual private network, or VPN.
Documents included in the Shadow Brokers release suggest that the NSA, after penetrating the firewall of the SWIFT service providers, used Microsoft exploits to target the computers interacting with the SWIFT network, Comae Technologies' Suiche said.
The Al Quds Bank for Development and Investment, for example, was running a Windows 2008 server that at the time was vulnerable to newly disclosed Windows exploits, they said.
Microsoft late on Friday said it had determined that prior patches to dozens of software versions had fixed the flaws that apparently were exploited by nine of the NSA programs. Four of the vulnerabilities were blocked by comprehensive updates on March 14. That left only older, unsupported versions of Windows operating systems and Exchange email servers at risk to three of the newly released exploits, the company said.
Earlier Friday, Microsoft had said the company had not been warned by the government or other outsiders about the stolen programs.
Microsoft declined to say how it learned of the exploits without outside help. The company's security systems are capable of detecting attacks against customers, and Microsoft in the past has monitored discussion about exploits on the Internet and also hired former intelligence agency veterans to help it devise programming to protect its software from encroachment.
The NSA targeted nine computer servers at a SWIFT contractor, Dubai-based service bureau EastNets, according to the documents. The U.S. intelligence agency then used lines of code to query the SWIFT servers and Oracle databases handling the SWIFT transactions, according to the documents.
EastNets on Friday denied it had been hacked. (Reporting by Clare Baldwin and Joseph Menn; Additional reporting by Dustin Volz; Editing by David Greising and Cynthia Osterman)
May 3 Tetra Tech Inc
* Tetra Tech reports second quarter 2017 results
* Tetra Tech Inc says quarterly dividend increased 11%
* Sees Q3 2017 earnings per share $0.50 to $0.55
* Q2 revenue rose 6 percent to $664 million
* Tetra Tech Inc says board of directors declared an 11% increase in quarterly dividend, raising it to $0.10 per share payable on June 2, 2017
* Tetra Tech Inc quarter-end backlog of $2.5 billion
* Q2 earnings per share $0.46
* Sees Q3 revenue $510 million to $540 million
* Q2 revenue view $486.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Tetra Tech Inc says anticipates expending $100 million in share repurchases in fiscal year 2017, of which $20 million was completed in first six months
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.46 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Tetra Tech Inc - Expects FY ongoing diluted EPS to range from $2.10 to $2.25
* Tetra Tech Inc sees FY revenue to range from $2.05 billion to $2.10 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
The Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) announces that 43 passed the Technical Evaluation for the Upgrading as Professional Mechanical Engineer given by the Board of Mechanical Engineering in Manila and Cagayan De Oro this August 2017.
SEQ. NO. NAME
1. ABAR-ABAR, MICHELLIE OLBES
2. APUGAN, ROBERTO OMAHOY
3. BENOSA, JOHN PAUL CHRISTIAN LARDIZABAL
4. BORRERO, EDWARD ESTEVA
5. BRAZIL, JONATHAN DAULAT
6. CATAPANG, RAUL BAUTISTA
7. DIAZ, FREDERICK UDDIN
8. DOMINO, MICHAEL DOCOG
9. ESPIRITU, GENARO PERAS
10. FRANCISCO, DARWIN LOZADA
11. GUINANAO, ROBERT PANALIGAN
12. JAVAR, RAMON JULIA
13. LISING, JUNNEL REYES
14. LOCSIN, JOSE ROMMEL TEORIMA
15. LOCSIN, RAUTHER TAYONA
16. LUMAYAG, JONATHAN ZARAGOZA
17. MACALINAO, ERWIN EBARROLA
18. MACATO, DARWEL ESTRADA
19. MALABATUAN, RICHARD QUIZANA
20. MANAIG, OLIVER DEHAN
21. MAUPO, SATURNINO DURIA
22. MEPIEZA, MELBERT DIOLAN
23. MONLEON, ARSENIO JR SARIGUMBA
24. MOSQUERA, RIZAL MANIBA
25. NEPOMUCENO, RAMIR BERMUDEZ
26. NOMBREFIA, RONNEL SALES
27. PACLEB, NAPOLEON ESCOMIENDO
28. PAJA, RODEL BERMILLO
29. PARIAL, DAVID DIVINA
30. QUIÑONES, ARTHUR IRLANDES
31. RAMILLANO, JERESTY BALINTON
32. RECLA, ALBERTO JR CABAY
33. RECOLIZADO, ARNEL SAPLA
34. ROLDAN, MARCELO GUEVARRA
35. ROTEA, BERLIN LUNA
36. SAMARITA, RODERICK AGDON
37. SAN JOSE, RONELITO OROZCO
38. SOLIS, NESTOR JR BANTOLO
39. STA MARIA, ARNOLD JAY CRUZ
40. UNO, EDUARDO TEMPLONUEVO
41. VELASCO, DARWIN ALEMANIA
42. VENIEGAS, REYNALDO LINSANGAN
43. VIZMANOS, JOSEPH RUSSEL CARAGAN
NOTHING FOLLOWS
FILE PHOTO: Swiss bank Credit Suisse's CEO Tidjane Thiam marches in a parade to mark the start of spring in Zurich, Switzerland April 18, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: CEO Tidjane Thiam (R) of Swiss bank Credit Suisse awaits a news conference to present the bank's half-year results in Zurich, Switzerland July 28, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Swiss People's Party (SVP) Councillor of State Thomas Minder speaks to delegates during their party meeting in Balsthal January 26, 2013. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam listens to the speech of Chairman Urs Rohner (R) of Swiss bank Cedit Suisse during the annual shareholder meeting in Zurich, Switzerland April 29, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
ZURICH The lawmaker who instigated a shareholder veto over excessive management pay in Switzerland has urged investors to use this power to block 78 million Swiss francs (62.44 million pounds) in bonuses for Credit Suisse's (CSGN.S) top executives.
The comments from Thomas Minder add to pressure on Switzerland's second-biggest bank to rethink the bonuses after several advisory groups told shareholders to oppose part or all of the payments when they vote this month.
"If corporate governance is correct and the company has worked well and has a good annual result, then yes, some of (the profits) should be distributed," Minder said in a telephone interview.
"But if it worked badly, like Credit Suisse, then, dear me, nothing can be allowed to be paid out."
Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam is set to receive almost 12 million francs, making them one of Europe's highest-paid bankers despite a multibillion-dollar loss last year.
If shareholders reject the plan, it would be the first use of the Swiss veto at a leading company.
Minder, an independent member of the Swiss parliament, led a 2013 referendum that resulted in the implementation of binding shareholder votes on executive pay in the wake of massive bonuses at UBS (UBSG.S) that preceded a government bailout.
Four years on, Minder said Credit Suisse's proposal for hefty payouts to Thiam and their fellow senior managers smack of the same disconnect between performance and pay that spawned their referendum.
"If there's no money in the coffers then there are no bonuses for top management or employees," they said. "That is a mortal sin."
ON TARGET
A Credit Suisse spokesperson said the bonuses were based on performance targets agreed by shareholders. They also pointed to management's cost-cutting efforts and the strong performance of its core private banking business.
Nevertheless, Credit Suisse faces growing opposition to the proposed bonuses, with investor advisers Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), Ethos and Glass Lewis opposing part or all of the payments.
ISS also recommended investors vote against the compensation recommended for Credit Suisse's board of directors, led by Chairman Urs Rohner, whom Ethos said should be replaced.
ISS, which advises more than 1,700 of the world's biggest investors, is highly influential and its recommendations are widely followed when shareholders cast their votes.
The vote will take place at Credit Suisse's annual meeting in Zurich on April 28 with the support of a majority of shareholders sufficient for the pay packages to pass, the bank said.
The opposition risks straining investor patience with Credit Suisse at a time when the bank is considering asking them for money to shore up finances that were hit by a $5.3 billion settlement for selling toxic debt.
If shareholders vote down the bonuses, the board of directors can submit a new proposal, according to Credit Suisse's articles of association.
Credit Suisse has locked up some key support. Harris Associates, one of its biggest shareholders with a 4.96 percent stake, according to Thomson Reuters data, plans to vote in favour of all the AGM proposals, Swiss newspaper NZZ am Sonntag has reported.
The bank has argued that cutting compensation now would punish current management for mistakes made by their predecessors.
Since taking over as CEO in mid-2015, Thiam has shifted the bank's focus towards wealth management while shrinking Credit Suisse's investment bank.
The costly restructuring and the heavy penalties for selling toxic mortgage debt in the run-up to the financial crisis meant the bank posted a 2.7 billion franc loss for 2016, its second straight year in the red.
For graphic on earnings of European big bank's CEOs against company's profits click on tmsnrt.rs/2nCJUzq
(Additional reporting by Oliver Hirt; editing by John O'Donnell/Keith Weir)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai nickel rose sharply on Friday after a rollercoaster week, tracking an overnight jump in London prices as investors took up new long positions. FUNDAMENTALS * SHFE NICKEL: The most traded May nickel contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange (ShFE) was up 2.7 percent at 105,140 yuan ($16,741.77) a tonne at 0215 GMT, reversing three straight days of losses. The metal, which opened up 3 percent, is on course for a weekly gain of 1 percent. [nL8N1PR401 * SHFE COPPER: The most-traded March copper contract on the ShFE was down 0.2 percent at 53,050 yuan a tonne, as the dollar edged upward. A stronger dollar makes metals more expensive for holders of other currencies. * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was unchanged at $7,119 a tonne, after ending flat in the previous session. * CHILE: The powerful union at BHP's Escondida copper mine, the world's largest, on Wednesday cast doubt on chances of starting talks on a new labour agreement with the company before formal negotiations scheduled for June. * ANGOLA: Australia's VDM Group said it has signed a head of agreement with Jiangxi Copper regarding the latter's participation in the Cachoeiras do Binga copper project in Angola. * SOUTH AFRICA: Glencore on Thursday said copper output in 2018 should rise to nearly 1.5 million tonnes as its Katanga mine in Democratic Republic of Congo ramps up to add roughly 150,000 tonnes, as well as 11,600 tonnes of cobalt. * MADAGASCAR: Japan's Sumitomo Corp said on Thursday it has resumed production at the Ambatovy nickel-cobalt project in Madagascar from end-January after halting operations earlier last month due to damages caused by cyclone. * BAUXITE: Guinean bauxite mining company La Guineenne des Mines (GDM) shipped the first ore from its project in the western Boke region on Thursday and will target exports of 2 to 4 million tonnes this year, its chief executive said. For the top stories in metals and other news, click or MARKETS NEWS * The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally. DATA/EVENTS 1000 Euro zone Producer prices Dec 1330 U.S. Nonfarm payrolls Jan 1330 U.S. Unemployment rate Jan 1445 U.S. ISM-New York index Jan 1500 U.S. Factory orders Dec PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0208 GMT Three month LME copper 7117 Most active ShFE copper 53050 Three month LME aluminium 2226 Most active ShFE aluminium 14370 Three month LME zinc 3539 Most active ShFE zinc 26755 Three month LME lead 2668.5 Most active ShFE lead 19665 Three month LME nickel 13925 Most active ShFE nickel 105050 Three month LME tin 21510 Most active ShFE tin 148810 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 999.38 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1808.05 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 365.3 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -542.43 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 1577.47 ($1 = 6.2801 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Russian gold miner Petropavlovsk is advancing the development of the POX Hub at the Malomir mine towards its planned commissioning later this year, with the Pokrovskiy plant having been taken off line for refurbishment and integration into the new processing facility.
Petropavlovsk chairperson Ian Ashby said on Tuesday that the POX Hub would be commissioned on time in the fourth quarter, stating that an independent technical consultant had visited the site in mid-March and affirmed the current schedule.
Advertisement
Pokrovskiy plant will be integrated in the POX Hub in September.
The POX Hub will use pressure oxidation, through autoclaves, to process refractory ore. The POX Hub potentially doubles the company's average life-of-mine plan and is set to add at least 200 000 oz/y to the production profile at a steady rate.
Advertisement
Petropavlovsk is also investing in a flotation plant at Malomir, which will be commissioned in the current quarter.
Meanwhile, the gold miner reported that it produced 112 556 oz in the March quarter, which is a 5% year-on-year decrease owing to the positive contribution from gold in circuit in the corresponding period of 2017.
The first-quarter of 2018 production comprises 40 932 oz from Pioneer, 39 389 oz from Albyn, 27 942 oz from Malomir and 4 293 oz from Pokrovskiy.
Total gold sales for the quarter also decreased by 5% to 112 244 oz.
“Our flagship mines Albyn and Pioneer gave a robust performance, though with some negative year-on-year difference in production output due to the one off positive effect of gold in circuit recovery during the first quarter of 2017. Successful work at our Malomir underground operations provided a year-on-year increase in production at the mine, with a more than 40% increase in processed grades,” commented Ashby.
NEW CEO
Ashby further announced the appointment of Roman Deniskin as CEO, succeeding interim CEO, Sergey Ermolenko, who has resumed their previous role as general director of Management Company Petropavlovsk.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
(Adds quotes)
By Estelle Shirbon
LONDON May 3 Britain's intention in negotiations over the post-Brexit status of European Union nationals already living in the United Kingdom is to give them very similar rights to those they enjoy now, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday.
Davis said it was important to quickly agree on the future rights of EU nationals living in Britain and Britons living in other EU countries after the United Kingdom exits the bloc in 2019, because uncertainty was making those people anxious.
"It is the intention that they will have a generous settlement, pretty much exactly what they enjoy now, and our British citizens abroad will do the same," Davis said during an interview on BBC radio.
Their comment differed from what was suggested by Prime Minister Theresa May during a dinner with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, according to a report in German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung (FAS) on Sunday.
FAS reported that May had said they thought it would not be a problem to resolve the issue as EU citizens in Britain could simply be treated like other nationals of third countries.
Juncker reportedly responded that would be a big problem, as EU nationals currently enjoyed many special rights and it would be necessary to go over details such as health insurance.
In their BBC interview on Wednesday, Davis said Britain wanted to deal with the issue up front, and was working with EU partners on how to speed up the process.
"One is to take a very simple solution, which we have talked about. Secondly, if it has to be a treaty or something that takes time, that we would have an exchange of letters making it plain what we're going to achieve," they said.
"Those sorts of things we are working on, and working with all of them (EU member states), and my expectation is that we will succeed with that."
Davis dismissed a report in the Financial Times that the EU was preparing to demand a gross figure of 100 billion euros from Britain as its bill for quitting the bloc.
Davis also dismissed a report in The Times newspaper that the EU would let May negotiate directly only with the European Commission's chief negotiator Michel Barnier rather than with fellow EU leaders.
"We're going into this negotiation not as a supplicant, but as a negotiator. There are two sides to negotiation, and the other side of the negotiation will not determine who does what," they said. (Reporting by Estelle Shirbon, David Milliken and Alistair Smout, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
BRATISLAVA, April 13 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Slovak financial markets on Thursday. ALL TIMES GMT (Slovak Republic: GMT + 1 hour) =========================ECONOMIC DATA======================== Real-time economic data releases.................. Summary of economic data and forecasts......... Recently released economic data................ Previous stories on Slovak data.......... **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/1C/events-overview ============================NEWS================================ VOLKSWAGEN: Volkswagen's Slovakia plant chief executive Ralf Sacht said on Wednesday the factory was not planning any major investments at the moment, it wants to earn back previous investments. Story: Related stories: CONSTRUCTION: A consortium led by VINCI subsidiary Eurovia and including Doprastav and Metrostav Slovakia has been awarded a 356 million euros ($379.67 million) contract to build a new 8 km section of the D1 motorway near Prešov, in eastern Slovakia Story: Related stories: ==========================PRESS DIGEST========================== OPINION POLL: Prime Minister Robert Fico's leftist party Smer would win an election with 26.6 percent of the vote, according to a Focus poll. However, the ruling coalition it leads would lose its parliamentary majority after a drop in support for a junior coalition member Slovak National Party. SME, page 4 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX Main currency report TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets News editor of the day: Jan Lopatka on +420 224 190 474 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Greenland Holdings Corp Ltd:
* SAYS BOARD APPROVES TO INVEST 10 BILLION YUAN ($1.59 billion)TO SET UP POVERTY RELIEF FUNDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FFN4bP Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BRASILIA, April 6 Brazil's Agriculture Ministry on Thursday said it has found problems such as salmonella in eight of the 302 samples of meat-based products collected from the 21 meat processing plants being investigated in a corruption probe.
The ministry said it has started procedures to cancel federal operation licenses for the plants where the problems were found. The 21 plants are the target of a probe that revealed that major meatpackers bribed federal health inspectors to allow production and marketing of irregular meat-based products. (Reporting by Cesar Raizer; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
OTTAWA Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau faces their first real test with voters on Monday, with five by-elections across the country shaping up as a barometer for the strength of their Liberals since being elected to a shock majority in 2015.
The regional votes to elect two members of parliament in Calgary and one member each in Ottawa, Toronto and Montreal are considered safe seats - three for Trudeau's Liberals and two for the opposition Conservatives. An upset in any of the five polls will be seen as significant ahead of the 2019 general election when Trudeau and members of the House of Commons face the electorate.
Pollster Nik Nanos said they expect all of the incumbent parties to lose some ground in the by-elections, as each vote is replacing a well-known incumbent, including former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Calgary.
"It's quite unusual that every single riding had a very strong incumbent with a very strong personal following. I would expect, if I was to make a prediction, is that the margins for everyone will go down," Nanos said.
"We should be focusing on for those compressed margins - where do those voters go? That's probably going to be more interesting than anything else."
A December poll showed Trudeau's approval rating remained high but was dropping amid rising dissatisfaction with the economy, and voter anger over a broken promise to reform the electoral process could eat into the government's popularity.
In addition, nearly half of Canadians want to deport people who are illegally crossing into Canada from the United States, and a similar number disapprove of how Trudeau is handling the influx, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released in March.
Still, both the opposition parties, the right-of-centre Conservatives and left-leaning New Democrats, are led by interim leaders and are undergoing leadership elections, leaving Trudeau with little competition on the political stage.
(Reporting by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Unilever Plc
* Unilever cfo says lead time on new product innovations has been shortened
* Unilever exec says seeing a "return to pricing that is more normal" after 3 years of weak prices due to currency devaluation
* Unilever exec says market conditions in india improved after weakness in q4 due to demonetization
* Unilever exec says at current spot rates, currency will boost 2017 turnover by 2-3 percent, eps by slightly more
* Unilever exec says to account for spreads business as separate unit from half year
* Unilever cfo says senior execs have met w/ around 100 investors since announcing review and got good feedback
* Unilever cfo says improvement in pricing looks sustainable, as it is a return to stable pricing from more volatility previously Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
MADRID, March 31 Spain's minority government has approved its long-delayed draft budget plan for 2017, spokesperson Inigo Mendez de Vigo said at a news conference following the weekly cabinet meeting.
The government's official economic forecasts for 2017, also presented on Friday, remain unchanged, with growth seen coming at 2.5 percent after the economy expanded by 3.2 percent in 2016.
"The figures are very conservative," the government said in a statement on the forecasts. (Reporting by Sarah White; Editing by Paul Day)
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters in the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie at Depot Hill in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Floodwaters cover the main runway at Rockhampton Airport in Australia, April 6, 2017, in the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters brought on by Cyclone Debbie in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters brought on by Cyclone Debbie in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters adjacent to the Fitzroy River (R) brought on by Cyclone Debbie in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Houses are surrounded by floodwaters brought on by Cyclone Debbie at Depot Hill in Rockhampton, Australia, April 6, 2017. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
WELLINGTON New Zealand began a major clean-up operation on Friday after heavy rain and floodwaters from the tail end of Cyclone Debbie swamped towns in the North Island and caused landslips that blocked roads.
The town of Edgecumbe in the Bay of Plenty was almost completely underwater after river levels peaked overnight, leaving thousands of evacuated residents homeless for what is likely to be several days.
Elsewhere across the island, emergency services were working to clear blocked roads and restore power to isolated communities. Medical supplies and food were being flown in by helicopter.
Prime Minister Bill English was due to visit Edgecumbe, where rescue workers used tractors and boats to evacuate thousands of people in what meteorologists said was a once-in-500-year event, to inspect the damage later on Friday.
Cyclone Debbie, a Category 4 storm, first slammed into northern Australia more than a week ago. The storm, one level shy of the most powerful Category 5, and associated flooding smashed tourist resorts, brought down power lines and killed six people in Australia.
The storm system, downgraded from cyclone level, then crossed to neighboring New Zealand, where mountainous terrain makes its roads susceptible to landslides and many regions are still recovering from November's 7.8-magnitude quake. No deaths have so far been reported in New Zealand.
Kaikoura, the coastal holiday town at the epicenter of that quake, was shut off from the rest of the country for the second time in six months as connecting roads were again hit by landslips.
Back in Australia, the disaster zone stretched 1,000 km (600 miles) from Queensland state's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state.
The deluge took days to flow through tropical river systems and water levels peaked in the city of Rockhampton at lunchtime on Thursday, flooding main streets, shops and homes.
Residents rowed boats along main roads and muddy water covered the airport's runway. Authorities said the airport will be closed for six days and the water is not expected to recede until the weekend.
Australian insurers have declared the event a catastrophe likely to cost more than one billion dollars, with state officials saying recovery and repairs will take months.
The storm is also having a longer-lasting effect on Australia's coal exporters with four miners in the region this week declaring force majeure - a clause typically invoked after natural disasters - leaving rivals in the United States to cash in on a surge in prices as Chinese steelmakers scramble for supplies.
(Editing by James Dalgleish)
A second immigration detention facility is planned for Conroe — the mayor just wishes that he'd been notified. This second detention center would add 1,000 beds to the existing 1,500-bed Joe Corley facility in Conroe.
/
The GEO Group, which runs the current detention center, has been awarded a contract from ICE for the additional space. Mayor Toby Powell says they were surprised to learn about it from a newspaper account.
“And I had a phone call from Congressman Brady's chief of staff on Friday. They said ‘I did not know that you were not in the loop.' They apologized completely and said, you know, that they will make sure that if anything ever happens again and it's in the City of Conroe, they would certainly let me know.”
But the new facility is not a surprise to county government. Commissioners passed a resolution in 2013 is support of the expansion. County Judge Craig Doyal says they know these projects face a “not in my back yard” reaction.
“I know that's one of the concerns the mayor has, and I can certainly understand that. There's very little likelihood that another business would be built in that area. It's right where all the detention facilities of the county are now.”
But Powell wasn't the mayor when the county signed the agreement.
“And Judge Doyal and I are close friends. Their stand is that we need more facilities out there. It's just bothersome to me to know that I was the last to know.”
The GEO Group plans to spend $110 million on building the new center, opening late 2018.
FILE PHOTO: A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S., February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
SAN FRANCISCO A U.S. judge on Wednesday warned Uber Technologies Inc it could face a court injunction that would bar a key Uber executive from working on its self-driving car project, in a high-profile case filed by Alphabet Inc's Waymo unit.
The litigation pits two Silicon Valley giants against each other over technology at the heart of a potential revolution in the auto industry.
U.S. District Judge William Alsup said evidence amassed by Waymo to bolster its case of being robbed was extraordinary.
"I've never seen a record this strong in 42 years," Alsup said. A hearing on Waymo's request for an injunction on Uber's self-driving program is scheduled for May.
Waymo sued ride services company Uber earlier this year, claiming that former Waymo executive Anthony Levandowski downloaded over 14,000 confidential documents before leaving the company to join Uber. Waymo said Uber benefited from those documents and has sued for damages and to stop Uber from using the technology Levandowski allegedly stole.
Levandowski is one of the most experienced self-driving car engineers in Silicon Valley, and the loss of their expertise would be a major blow to Uber, which has said autonomous vehicles are crucial to future growth.
In court on Wednesday, Uber lawyer Arturo Gonzalez said the company had been working hard to find evidence that Waymo's documents were in Uber's possession, but could not find anything material.
Waymo waited several months after learning of the downloads before filing a lawsuit over them, Gonzalez said. They argued the time lag before requesting the documents showed the materials are not crucial enough to merit an injunction in the case.
Waymo's attorneys argued that Uber has not searched hard enough.
Alsup ordered Uber to conduct a broader search, and said that the weight of Waymo's evidence "could lead to a preliminary injunction that Levandowski cannot work on this project any more until this case is over."
Alsup emphasized that they had not yet decided how they would rule.
(Editing by Marguerita Choy)
March 31 Dalian Zeus Entertainment Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 4.54 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 20 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/dN5URh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, April 13 Workers on one of Britain's major rail links to Northern England and Scotland will strike for 48 hours later this month, the transport union RMT said on Thursday, in a growing dispute over staff roles on trains.
The action on one of Britain's biggest inter-city lines echoes a long-running dispute on Southern rail, a major commuter route into London, over a dispute about whose job it should be to open and close train doors, which has spread to Liverpool and other cities in Northern England.
Staff on Virgin Trains East Coast (VTEC), a joint venture which is 90 percent owned by Stagecoach, are set to strike on April 28 and 29.
The RMT said that VTEC had not offered sufficient reassurances that train guards would keep their roles and had failed to allay concerns over a possible switch to driver-only trains.
"It is simply appalling that Virgin East Coast have refused to give the most basic assurances on the safety-critical role of the guard on their trains continuing into the future," said RMT General Secretary Mick Cash.
The East Coast line is the main rail link between London and Edinburgh, the Scottish capital, and it serves over 20 million customers a year.
A spokesperson for Virgin Trains said "we have not received formal notification from the RMT about any industrial action."
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Kate Holton)
April 12 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** A landmark deal between TransCanada Corp and Western Canadian natural gas companies for discounted, long-distance pipeline transport comes "just in time" to help stave off some competition from increasing U.S. production, says one of the key backers of the agreement. tgam.ca/2p4Zs0j
** British Columbia Liberal Leader Christy Clark has launched the 41st general election in British Columbia, laying out a simple campaign theme that they are counting on voters to favour on May 9 – that only their party will keep the province's economy strong and job opportunities growing. tgam.ca/2p4TcWw
** Canadian oil producers are confident in Alberta's oil sands projects as a long-term play, betting that consolidation and a homegrown focus will drive down operating costs and make the industry more competitive as foreign players retreat. tgam.ca/2p4HhI1
NATIONAL POST
** Cenovus Energy Inc CEO Brian Ferguson says the company is encouraged by the interest in its asset divestiture plan to fund part of the mega C$17.7 billion ($13.29 billion)deal to buy ConocoPhillips' Canadian assets, which should help improve investor sentiment around the acquisition. bit.ly/2p4YRf4
** Pembina Pipeline Corp plans to build a propane export terminal in Prince Rupert, British Columbia where major liquefied natural gas export projects have stalled in recent years. bit.ly/2p4HIlD
** Canadian oilsands producers worried about international capital fleeing to the U.S. should take heart from the long-term attractiveness of the reserves, according to a senior think-tank advisor. bit.ly/2p4Ti0t ($1 = C$1.33) (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
March 30 Showtix4u
* ShowTix4U notifies consumers about potential data security incident
* ShowTix4U - alerted by payment card processor to a potential security incident involving website
* ShowTix4U - incident could have affected certain information of individuals who made a purchase on website between Dec 11, 2016, and Feb 2, 2017
* ShowTix4U - incident has been reported to federal law enforcement; incident has been contained
* ShowTix4U - appears that an unauthorized actor was able to gain access to third-party vendor's server and install malicious software on website
* ShowTix4U- incident could have affected certain information of individuals who made purchase on website between December 11, 2016, and February 2, 2017 Source text for Eikon:
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - A disappointed Anirban Lahiri has given up hope of winning the PGA Championship but is eyeing an under-par finish, they said after falling 11 strokes behind second-round leaders Hideki Matsuyama and Rory McIlroy on Friday.
Lahiri played a bogey-free back nine crowned by a birdie at the last to overcome a loose first nine and post a two-over 73, qualifying for weekend play at Quail Hollow.
The 30-year-old Indian, who tied for second at the Memorial tournament in June, expected more of himself.
"I'm actually quite disappointed with where I am, honestly, but that's the way it is right now," Lahiri told Reuters after signing for a three-over 145 halfway total.
"I think I've been playing pretty good. It's just these last two days I haven't scored very well. I missed a lot of putts, had a bunch of three-putts. I think around the green has been poor, but I think tee to green I have been pretty solid.
"I will try to improve on the weekend and try to get a couple of scores under par."
Lahiri said the firmness and speed of the new greens at Quail Hollow has been perplexing.
"It's a very demanding golf course. You have to be good off the tee and I've done that. So I've done the hard part, right?
"But it's also demanding on and around the greens. And I think that is the department where I've struggled this week so far," they said.
Lahiri said the roll-outs down grain on the contoured greens can be severe. "That's just how it is. That's rub of the green for you," they said.
Lahiri, who finished fifth at the 2015 PGA Championship, had a specific goal in mind.
"I just want to see if I can get a couple of rounds in the 60s," they said. "I think I'm playing well enough to shoot a couple of good scores under par. I want to finish the tournament in red figures." (Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Andrew Both)
BERLIN German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they were hopeful frozen negotiations on a free trade agreement between the European Union and the United States would be revived one day, in an interview to be published on Saturday.
Talks with the United States on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) have been frozen since the victory of President Donald Trump.
"The U.S. president is pushing for fair conditions for their country and we are looking after the German and European interests," Merkel told the RND newspaper group.
"I don't rule out that the negotiations over a trade deal with the U.S. will be revived one day."
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
April 6 (Reuters) -
* YouTube introduces expanded YouTube partner program safeguards to protect creators- blog
* YouTube- we will no longer serve ads on youtube partner program videos until channel reaches 10,000 lifetime views- blog
* YouTube- "in a few weeks, we'll also be adding a review process for new creators who apply to be in the youtube partner program"
Source text: [bit.ly/2o7tUpq]
Further company coverage:
* Korea stocks, won down after Trump says trade deal needs change
* European stocks set for flat start after Thursday's lower close
* Asia ex-Japan, Nikkei set to post gains for the week
* Japan inflation, manufacturing output disappoint
* Oil inches higher after sliding on Libyan output restart
By Nichola Saminather
SINGAPORE, April 28 Asian stocks slipped on Friday as investors took profits after a strong week, while the Korean won weakened after U.S. President Donald Trump said they would renegotiate or terminate a trade deal with South Korea.
Britain's FTSE 100, Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 are all poised for a flat start, according to spreadbetter CMC Markets, after closing lower on Thursday.
The dollar was 0.4 percent stronger at 1,135.13 won following Trump's comments in an interview with Reuters, in which they called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable."
"(The won reaction) suggests that trade tensions between the U.S. and Asia could remain, which means some of that uncertainty should start to get priced into Asian currencies," said Khoon Goh, head of Asia research at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group in Singapore.
Trump also told Reuters that a major conflict with North Korea over its nuclear programme was possible but that they would prefer a diplomatic solution, and that they wanted South Korea to pay for the $1 billion THAAD anti-missile defence system.
South Korea is waiting to see if any policy steps eventuate, a finance ministry official told Reuters.
South Korea's KOSPI index, which opened higher, reversed its gains and fell 0.2 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan lost 0.15 percent but is on track to end the week up 1.7 percent, which would be its best week in six.
"While we are seeing some buying (in safe-haven assets) it's fairly muted ... suggesting Trump's comments around North and South Korea have probably had a relatively muted impact," said James Woods, global investment analyst at Rivkin Securities in Sydney.
"We're just seeing some fairly healthy profit-taking ahead of key GDP and inflation data tonight."
First-quarter gross domestic product data out of Britain, France and the United States, and euro-zone April inflation figures, are due later in the session.
The safe-haven yen was about 0.1 percent stronger at 111.155 yen to the dollar despite weaker-than-expected Japanese industrial output, household spending and consumer inflation for March.
Japan's Nikkei slid 0.2 percent, but remains poised for a 3.2 percent weekly gain, its strongest since November.
Taiwan stocks gave up gains, clocked on solid first-quarter economic growth, to trade flat, and the Taiwan dollar weakened about 0.15 percent to 30.193 per U.S. dollar after Trump brushed aside the idea of a phone call with Taiwan's President, who had said they would not rule one out.
Chinese stocks fell 0.6 percent and were set to end the week down by the same percentage on fears that regulators would step up their latest crackdown on riskier types of financing and speculation.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng dropped 0.2 percent, shrinking the week's gain to 2.3 percent.
The euro slipped 0.1 percent to $1.086 after the European Central Bank maintained its ultra-easy policy stance on Thursday.
The common currency is poised for a weekly gain of 1.3 percent, its best week in 5 1/2 months, buoyed by the first-round French election win of centrist and market favourite Emmanuel Macron.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of global peers, gained 0.1 percent to 99.21 but is headed for a 0.8 percent weekly loss.
Preliminary data is expected to show U.S. economic growth slowed sharply in January-March to a 1.2 percent annualised rate from 2.1 percent in the previous quarter.
The slower growth rate reflects "the negative effects of some one-off factors. The second quarter will likely be a lot better," Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic adviser at the Allianz Group, told the Reuters Global Markets Forum on Friday.
"What is particularly interesting is that the hard data is yet to respond to what has been a notable improvement in both corporate and household confidence. Keep an eye on this divergence."
A series of positive earnings reports from Comcast, PayPal, Intuit and others propelled the Nasdaq to an all-time high overnight.
Google parent Alphabet and Amazon reported profits after the bell that beat expectations.
Oil recovered, lifted by the possilibity of an extension of an OPEC production cut, after touching its lowest level this month overnight on oversupply concerns.
U.S. crude rose about 1.1 percent to $49.53 a barrel, narrowing its weekly loss to 0.2 percent.
Global benchmark Brent was about 1.2 percent higher at $52.05, set for a drop of 0.2 percent for the week.
Gold was about 0.1 percent higher at $1,264.61 an ounce, narrowing the week's loss to 1.5 percent. (Reporting by Nichola Saminather; Editing by Kim Coghill and Edmund Klamann)
March 31 Mylan Nv:
* Mylan provides update on meridian medical technologies', a Pfizer company, expanded voluntary worldwide recall of epipen® auto-injector
* Mylan - recall is being conducted as result of receipt of 2 previously disclosed reports of failure to activate device due to potential defect in supplier component
* Mylan NV - expanded voluntary recall is being initiated in U.S. And also will extend to additional markets in Europe, Asia, North and South America.
* Mylan NV - recall is being expanded to include additional lots as a precautionary measure
* Mylan NV says recall impacts 0.3 mg and 0.15 mg strengths of epipen auto-injector
* Mylan NV- none of recalled lots include authorized generic for epipen auto-injector, which is also manufactured by meridian medical technologies Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON May 2 White House budget director Mick Mulvaney accused Democrats on Tuesday of trying to make President Donald Trump look bad by claiming victory in budget negotiations and added that a government shutdown might be inevitable if they do not act better.
Asked about Trump's tweet about a possible government shutdown in September, Mulvaney said: "I think the president is frustrated with the fact that they negotiated in good faith with the Democrats and they went out to try to spike the football and make them look bad."
"We've got a lot to do between now and September. I don't anticipate a shutdown in September, but if the Democrats aren't going to behave any better than they have in the last couple of days, it may be inevitable," they said. (Reporting by Jeff Mason; Writing by David Alexander; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) points at New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick (L) during an event to honor the reigning Super Bowl champions at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump embraces New England Patriots owner Bob Kraft (R) as the teams' wide reciever Julian Edelman (L) looks on during an event to honor the reigning Super Bowl champions at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump holds up a New England Patriots jersey during an event honoring the Super Bowl champion team at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump honors the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump honors the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Members of the New England Patriots enter the South Portico of the White House after U.S. President Donald Trump honored the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly holds a t-shirt with an unidentified man honoring their son who was killed in Afghanistan, after an event honoring the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with CEO of the New England Patriots Robert Kraft during an event honoring the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump holds a New England Patriots helmet as Coach Bill Belichick (L) and CEO of the New England Patriots Robert Kraft, watch during an event honoring the Super Bowl champion team at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. President Donald Trump gives a thumbs up as Head Coach Bill Belichick (L) and CEO of the New England Patriots Robert Kraft watch during an event honoring the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Apr 19, 2017; Washington, DC, USA; President Donald Trump (M) stands with New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick (L), Patriots owner Robert Kraft( M-R), team president Jonathan Kraft (R), and Patriots players at a ceremony honoring the Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots on the South Lawn at the White House. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 19, 2017; Washington, DC, USA; President Donald Trump (M) holds a team jersey as New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft (R) and Patriots head coach Bill Belichick (L) look on at a ceremony honoring the Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots on the South Lawn at the White House. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
While some players stayed away in protest, the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots on Wednesday made the traditional visit to the White House where team owner Robert Kraft lauded their longtime friend, President Donald Trump, and likened their long-shot victory to the Patriots' own.
While other players had suggested political reasons for not attending, quarterback Tom Brady, the game's most valuable player, said family matters kept them away. They posted a wedding photo of their parents on Instagram and wished them a happy anniversary.
The White House celebrations were overshadowed by the suicide of the Patriots former star Aaron Hernandez, who hanged themselves on Wednesday in a prison cell where they were serving a life sentence for murder, prison officials said.
The Patriots beat the Atlanta Falcons in overtime in February to be crowned National Football League champions.
Players who stayed away included Martellus Bennett, LeGarrette Blount, Devin McCourty and Chris Long. They had suggested directly or indirectly that they were not fans of Trump, whose national approval rating hovers around 43 percent in the latest Reuters/Ipsos polling.
Kraft compared the Patriots' victory to Trump's win in the November 2016 election and handed them a jersey with number 45 on it representing the 45th president of the United States.
"This year's championship was achieved after falling behind by 25 points," Kraft said. "In that same year a very good friend of mine for over 25 years, a man who is mentally tough and hard-working as anybody I know launched a campaign for the presidency against 16 career politicians facing odds almost as long as we faced in the fourth quarter.
"He persevered to become the 45th president of the United States."
With the Patriots lined up behind him, Trump said: "No team has been this good for this long."
"You pulled off the greatest Super Bowl victory of all-time."
Elsewhere at the White House, the Patriots' Rob Gronkowski interrupted press secretary Sean Spicer's daily briefing with reporters, opening a door behind the spokesperson to ask amid laughter: "You need some help?"
"I think I got this, but thank you," the spokesperson replied.
(Reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto; Editing by Howard Goller)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hargreaves Lansdown Plc:
* ‍BOARD OF HARGREAVES LANSDOWN PLC (“ BOARD”) IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE APPOINTMENT OF DEANNA W. OPPENHEIMER AS A DIRECTOR WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT AND AS NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIR AND CHAIR OF NOMINATION COMMITTEE WITH EFFECT FROM 7 FEBRUARY 2018.
* OPPENHEIMER CURRENTLY HAS ROLES OF SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AND ON TESCO PLC AND WHITBREAD PLC BOARDS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Emma Rumney)
NEW YORK Measures of U.S. inflation expectations dropped to their lowest levels in four months in March, reversing a brief run-up, according to a Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey released on Monday that could temper hopes for broader price pressure.
The survey of consumer expectations, an increasingly influential gauge of prices for the U.S. central bank, showed that both year-ahead and three-year-ahead expectations fell to 2.7 percent, from 3 percent in February.
"Both declines were fairly broad-based, but largest among middle-aged and lower-educated household heads," the New York Fed said of the survey, which has been conducted since mid-2013.
The measurements rose through December and January to their highest levels since mid-2015, before flattening in February and declining last month. Fed expectations for a gradual rise in inflation, after years below a target, have prompted policymakers to raise interest rates twice since December. [nL2N1GQ0M4]
The internet-based survey is done by a third party and taps a rotating panel of 1,200 household heads.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
April 6 Routemaster Capital Inc
* Routemaster acquires royalty portfolio interests
* Routemaster Capital Inc - as consideration for purchasing Quebec Gold royalty, routemaster will issue to vendor 11 million common shares
* Routemaster Capital- agreement provides co with option to purchase 1.5% net smelter returns royalty in respect of potash development property in Ethiopia
* Routemaster capital inc - entered into an agreement to purchase a royalty covering former producing gold mines in province of Quebec
* Routemaster capital- in addition,co obtained a 24-month right of first refusal to acquire additional royalties and streaming interests held by vendor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ping An Insurance Group Co Of China Ltd :
* ‍PRE-IPO FUNDRAISING OF PING AN GOOD DOCTOR HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$400 MILLION​
* ‍PING AN GOOD DOCTOR‘S LISTING APPLICATION HAS BEEN SUBMITTED TO STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED​
* ‍ANNOUNCES COMPLETION OF PRIVATE EQUITY FUNDRAISING FOR ITS TECHNOLOGY BUSINESSES​
* ROUND A FINANCING FOR ONECONNECT HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$650 MILLION
* ‍A ROUND FINANCING FOR PING AN HEALTHCARE TECHNOLOGY HAS BEEN COMPLETED WITH A SIZE OF US$1.15 BILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RIYADH May 3 Dubai Group, an investment firm owned by the emirate's ruler, has requested creditors to take a haircut on debt maturing in 2024 in exchange for an early settlement, banking sources said.
The firm completed a restructuring on around $6 billion of debt in 2014, with lenders agreeing to extend the maturity for secured debt to December 2016 and unsecured loans to December 2024. A further $4 billion of debt was to be repaid after creditors were satisfied.
In the last few days the company offered creditors around 29 cents on the dollar in return for an early settlement of debt maturing in 2024, the sources said, declining to say the value of the amount.
Creditors who decline the offer will be repaid at a higher rate in 2024.
Parent company Dubai Holding declined to comment.
Dubai Group was one of a number of Dubai state-linked entities which borrowed heavily from banks to fund an acquisitions spree during the boom years of 2006-8.
The current creditors are mainly local banks, including Emirates NBD, Dubai's largest bank, which has among the largest exposure.
Dubai Group has shed assets in recent years including selling a 48.4 percent stake in Dubai-listed investment bank Shuaa Capital to Abu Dhabi Financial Group (ADFG) in June 2016.
It still holds a 12.8 percent stake in Bank Muscat, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Editing by Jason Neely)
LJUBLJANA Data shows the decision of the European Central Bank (ECB) to prolong its quantitative easing program until the end of 2017 was correct, ECB governing council member Bostjan Jazbec said in an interview published on Saturday.
"The decision of the ECB to continue with purchasing of securities until the end of the year 2017 determines monetary policy and enables normal functioning of the eurozone," Jazbec, who has also been governor of the Bank of Slovenia since 2013, told Slovenian daily newspaper Dnevnik.
"Data shows that the ECB has been taking the right decisions."
They said low long-term interest rates were a consequence of a lack of productivity growth, trade flows and the ageing of populations, over which the ECB had no influence.
"We can only influence short-term interest rates," said Jazbec, calling for other policies to help economic growth.
Jazbec also said Slovenia's bank overhaul in 2013 would probably have been cheaper and would not have included the cancellation of 600 million euros' worth of subordinated bonds of troubled banks if it had taken place earlier, adding that the banks' problems began before that year.
In 2013 the government poured more than 3 billion euros into Slovenian banks to prevent them from collapsing under bad loans which amounted to about a fifth of all their loans, and the country narrowly avoided an international bailout.
(Reporting by Marja Novak; editing by Andrew Roche)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
April 5 (Reuters) -
* Fed's Tarullo on CNBC - ADP another indicator of economic growth
* Fed's Tarullo on CNBC - forward indicators bode well for Q2 growth
* Fed's Tarullo on CNBC - have been agnostic about coming fiscal policy
* Fed's Tarullo on CNBC - the way Volcker rule was implemented has proven to be clunky
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
March 31 ITUS Corp-
* Files for resale of up to 1,487,606 shares of co's common stock by certain selling stockholders Source text: (bit.ly/2nDjhsk) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
BEIRUT A Syrian rebel commander denied a Russian statement on Wednesday that poison gas which killed scores of people in northwestern Syria had leaked from an insurgent chemical-weapons depot after Syrian warplanes hit it.
Hasan Haj Ali, commander of the Free Idlib Army rebel group, said no rebel military positions in the area were targeted on Tuesday.
"Everyone saw the plane while it was bombing with gas," they told Reuters from northwestern Syria.
"Likewise, all the civilians in the area know that there are no military positions there, or places for the manufacture (of weapons). The various factions of the opposition are not capable of producing these substances," they said.
They called the Russian statement "a lie".
(Writing by Tom Perry, editing by Larry King)
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
SEOUL, April 12 Daily net trading in shares on South Korea's main stock exchange by three major categories of investors as of 0811 GMT, in billions of South Korean won (a negative figure indicates net selling): FOREIGNERS INSTITUTIONS RETAIL April 12 *67.4 -93.1 24.8 ^April 11 -126.6 97.8 31.4 April 10 -54.1 -4.5 6.4 April 7 -77.9 103.1 10.4 April 6 -90.5 -117.9 168.3 April 5 -7.6 -167.2 128 April 4 -101.6 -123.5 179.4 April 3 -22.0 31.2 -59.3 March 31 25.7 32.9 -111.0 March 30 89.4 -169.2 65.6 March 29 -61.8 -26.4 36.8 March 28 20.7 -81.8 1.9 March 27 36.4 -104.7 16.7 March 24 -89.1 220.7 -186.8 March 23 52.6 18.2 -128.4 Month to date -412.9 -274.1 489.4 Year to date 5,039.6 -5,222.1 -2,196.8 * Foreign investors turned net buyers after seven consecutive sessions of selling. ^ April 11 figures revised. ($1 = 1,138.2400 won) (Reporting by Jeongeun Lee)
WASHINGTON, April 5 U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday that a poison gas attack in Syria was a "heinous act and would be treated as such."
Speaking at the Pentagon before a meeting with their counterpart from Singapore, Mattis did not elaborate on what that would mean.
Western countries, including the United States, blamed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's armed forces for the worst poison gas attack in Syria for more than four years, which choked scores of people to death in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in a rebel-held area on Tuesday. (Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with German Chancellor Angela Merkel after a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussed several issues including the conflict in eastern Ukraine and the situation in Afghanistan during a telephone conversation on Wednesday, the White House said.
"The leaders pledged close cooperation and coordination on these and other issues," the White House said in a statement.
(Reporting by Washington Newsroom; Editing by Eric Beech)
FRANKFURT, April 20 German glasses retailer Fielmann could pursue takeovers in the future, marketing chief Marc Fielmann, the son of company founder Guenther Fielmann, told magazine Capital in an interview.
"Should we want to do a larger takeover at some point, we would be in a position to do so," the magazine quoted Fielmann as saying.
"We do not rule out that out for the future," they added. (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
April 28 Community West Bancshares
* Community west bancshares earns $1.4 million in 1q17; fueled by strong loan growth of 6% over the prior quarter; increases quarterly cash dividend by 14% to $0.04 per common share
* Q1 earnings per share $0.16
* Net interest income for 1q17 was $7.8 million, which was unchanged compared to preceding quarter
* Qtrly net interest margin was 4.45%. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
May 2 NAVAMEDIC ASA
* NAVAMEDIC ASA: ENTERS INTO PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT WITH OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS FOR NORDIC LAUNCH OF MYSIMBA®
* HAS ENTERED INTO A FIVE-YEAR AGREEMENT WITH OREXIGEN THERAPEUTICS IRELAND, LTD., FOR NORDIC MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION OF MYSIMBA®, A PRESCRIPTION PHARMACEUTICAL.
* NAVAMEDIC EXPECTS TO BEGIN MARKETING PRODUCT DURING Q4 2017 FOR AN INITIAL PERIOD OF FIVE YEARS, RENEWABLE FOR AN ADDITIONAL FIVE-YEAR PERIOD, ACCORDING TO TERMS OF AGREEMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON, April 29 Anthony Joshua delivered one of the great nights in British boxing annals by stopping Ukrainian Wladimir Klitschko in the 11th round to be crowned IBF, WBA and IBO world heavyweight champion in front of 90,000 fans at Wembley Stadium on Saturday.
The unbeaten home favourite earned a sensational victory by knocking down the 41-year-old former champion twice in the 11th and penultimate round before the referee stepped in to save Klitschko from any more punishment.
What was hailed as the biggest fight night ever staged in a British ring, watched by the biggest crowd for a boxing show in Britain for 78 years, lived up to its billing as Joshua survived a knockdown for the first time in their professional career in the sixth round.
In a sensational fifth round, they knocked down Klitschko only to end up hanging on desperately at the end of the round as the Ukrainian launched a remarkable comeback.
The veteran had even looked the more likely winner as they defied a 14-year age gap and was outboxing Joshua in the latter stages until the Briton produced a blistering finish to take their unbeaten record to 19 wins. (Editing by Clare Fallon)
Britain Soccer Football - Leicester City v Stoke City - Premier League - King Power Stadium - 1/4/17 Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare during the pre match warm up Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
Leicester City's recent run of positive results has filled them with confidence, according to manager Craig Shakespeare, but they should not be complacent when hosting basement-side Sunderland in the Premier League on Tuesday.
Leicester have won five in a row since Shakespeare took over as manager from Claudio Ranieri. Their renewed sense of optimism was on display in Saturday's 2-0 win over Stoke City, with midfielder Wilfred Ndidi finding the net from 25 yards.
Striker Jamie Vardy has also hit top form under Shakespeare, scoring their fourth goal in four league games for the club on Saturday.
"The team have grown in stature and confidence in the last few games, and Wilfred Ndidi has benefited from that," Shakespeare told reporters on Monday.
"Strikers thrive on confidence. Jamie Vardy scored against Liverpool and they haven't looked back since."
Sunderland is without a win in five games and look to be sliding inexorably towards relegation, but Shakespeare urged their team not to take their opponents lightly, especially with a striker of the calibre of Jermain Defoe in the side.
Defoe has scored 14 league goals for Sunderland this season, and Shakespeare said they were expecting a close contest.
"We strive to win every game and the next game is Sunderland. Last time was a close game and I expect it to be close tomorrow," they added.
"They're dangerous opposition. Any team with Defoe in it is. We have to be aware of their goal threat and respect our opposition. Whether we're playing a team at the bottom or the top, our goal is the same and that's to earn three points."
Leicester will be without defender Wes Morgan (back) and midfielder Nampalys Mendy (ankle), though midfielder Marc Albrighton is fit after recovering from a minor illness.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
April 20 ATRIUM LJUNGBERG AB:
* Q1 NET SALES SEK 591 MILLION VERSUS SEK 564 MILLION YEAR AGO
* Q1 PROFIT BEFORE CHANGES IN VALUE SEK 274 MILLION VERSUS SEK 223 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FORECAST FOR 2017 IS INCREASED BY SEK 80 MILLION TO SEK 1.14 BILLION FOR EARNINGS BEFORE VALUE CHANGES AND TAX Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON, March 29 The reflation trade that has pushed government bond yields sharply higher over the past six months has come to a halt, BlackRock's head of global bonds Scott Thiel said on Wednesday.
"Fundamentally, the reflation trade that we've seen since October has played itself out," Thiel told reporters at a conference in London.
The rise in bond yields intensified after Donald Trump was elected U.S. President in November, on expectations they will enact extraordinary spending measures.
Thiel said that while expectations for tax reforms have been scaled back after the failure to pass healthcare reforms last week, they expected some form tax relief to be implemented. (Reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe, Writing by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by John Geddie)
MILAN (Reuters) - Italy's Investindustrial is not in talks to increase its stake in Aston Martin and no decision has been taken on a possible stock market listing for the British carmaker, the private equity group said, denying an earlier newspaper report.
A company logo is seen on the new Aston Martin Vantage car at a media event in Gaydon, Britain November 20, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Italian daily Il Messaggero had reported on Sunday that the fund was in advanced negotiations to raise its stake in the maker of the famous sports car driven by fictional secret agent James Bond to 50 percent from 37.5 percent by the end of the year and that it aimed to list the company next summer.
The report had added that the fund, led by founder Andrea Bonomi, was to buy shares from other stakeholders, including a consortium of Kuwaiti investors, which currently holds 54.5 percent, Daimler (DAIGn.DE) and the group's management.
A London-based spokesperson for Investindustrial denied the report. “Because of the recent good performance of the Aston Martin business, none of the shareholders want to sell,” the spokesperson said.
Aston Martin last month said it was on course to post its first annual pretax profit since 2010, helped by strong demand for the luxury automaker's DB11 sports car.
There are no discussions on ownership structure at the moment, the spokesperson said, adding that the situation could change in the future “given it is a private equity fund and it might eventually want to monetise (its) assets”.
They also said that no decision had been taken about a possible initial public offering (IPO).
Aston Martin said in an email to Reuters that it did not “have any comment to make on this speculation”.
The group's Chief Executive Andy Palmer has repeatedly said that the decision and timing of an IPO were matters for the shareholders but that it made sense for them to consider the option before the end of the company's turnaround plan, which is due to complete in 2022.
April 5 Sanofi:
* Appoints Bill Sibold as Executive Vice President Sanofi Genzyme, effective July 1, 2017
* Sibold currently serves as head of Sanofi Genzyme's Global Multiple Sclerosis, Oncology and Immunology organization, a position they have held since January 2016 and where they have led preparation for the global launches of Dupilumab and Sarilumab
* Sibold will now lead the company's efforts to maintain its leadership in rare diseases while continuing to grow in multiple sclerosis, oncology and immunology, company adds in statement
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW Political turmoil in South Africa and Turkey is luring money managers away and into Russian securities, complicating Moscow authorities' battle to tamp down the rising rouble.
By February, foreigners' share of the rouble bond market had already risen back to early-2013 highs of 28 percent, according to central bank data. But momentum has escalated since: JPMorgan's monthly client survey found the increase in rouble debt positions in March the largest on record.
Falling inflation, 8 percent yields and a central bank keen to keep interest rates relatively high are the main draw. But since March 27, the Russia trade has received fresh impetus to go along with that it has already been getting from Turkey's upheaval.
South Africa, another big emerging market, has plunged into political chaos, leaving it on the brink of joining Russia as a junk-rated credit but with the added drawback of a large balance of payments deficit.
S&P has already cut South Africa from investment grade and Moody's is considering it.
"Russia doesn't have the political instability that's afflicting Turkey and South Africa, or their weak fundamentals. It's helping Russia that other mainstream high-yielders are having their own problems," said Salman Ahmed, chief global strategist at Lombard Odier.
JPMorgan said it had cut allocations to South African debt and currency, adding: "Political risks remain in Turkey as well, so we choose to express (preference for high-yield bonds) solely via an overweight Russia in our (global bond index emerging markets) model portfolio."
Russia's central bank, meanwhile, has won praise for dogged inflation targeting. Slowing price growth has left real -- or inflation-adjusted -- bond yields at almost 400 basis points, a magnet for foreign investors in search of yield.
Finance Minister Anton Siluanov this week said Russia had received overseas inflows during the first quarter, despite capital flight of around $5 billion in January-February.
That inflow may accelerate, if Russia picks up even a small part of the $10 billion or so that could flee South Africa should its ratings all fall into junk.
ROUBLE HEADACHE
Investors canvassed by Citi remain unperturbed by the fact the Russia OFZ federal bonds trade is crowded.
With OFZ returns of around 13 percent already this year in dollars, that confidence appears justified. But some policymakers and business people are becoming uneasy about rouble strength.
Inflows helped boost the rouble 8 percent this year - outgunning most emerging currencies despite oil's 4 percent fall.
Coming on top of a 20 percent appreciation in 2016, that has left the rouble overvalued by up to 12 percent, Siluanov complained recently.
Andrey Guryev, the chief executive of fertilizer company Phosagro (PHOR.MM) said the ruble's fair value was 63-65 per dollar and grumbled about the 9.75 percent interest rate.
"What we see clearly is that the Russian rouble is overpriced," Guryev told Reuters. "If I want to borrow in rubles it will be from 9-11 percent, which is ridiculous ... this is a really big problem, also for Russian GDP growth."
In fact, the ruble's real effective exchange rate -- against trade partners' currencies and adjusted for inflation -- is only slightly above its 10-year average
Meanwhile, Russian households and companies, lured by high deposit rates and a firm rouble, are joining in the bond rally. Individuals' dollar-denominated bank deposits comprised 23 percent of the total as of March 1, from 29 percent a year ago, central bank data shows. Russian lenders' rouble debt holdings rose to 65 percent up from 57 percent last March.
So might Moscow short-circuit the OFZ trade by engineering a rouble fall? It could do so through central bank interventions on top of the finance ministry's daily dollar purchases that were launched in February, or by speeding up rate cuts.
The ministry flavors a weaker rouble to boost budget revenues from energy exports.
But a sharply weaker currency would jeopardize the 4 percent inflation target. Central bank chief Elvira Nabiullina has said the rouble has not sharply deviated from justified levels and that they were not worried by the carry trade flows.
Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow's Macro-Advisory consultancy, called the dilemma "a delicate balancing act", predicting the currency will fall to 62 per dollar by year-end, with the possibility of bigger, 50 bps rate cuts.
But investors are not really banking on the rouble in this trade, says Lombard Odier's Ahmed.
Only a fifth of this year's total OFZ returns will come from rouble appreciation they reckon, versus half in 2016. The rest is down to falling bond yields -- 10-year yields fell this week to three-year lows of 7.86 percent, already down 64 bps from end-2016.
(Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
(Updates with Kisner position at end of day)
By Andrew Both
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - Kevin Kisner transformed their game three years ago to turn themselves from a battler into one of the world's best golfers.
They have risen to 25th in the world rankings without much fanfare, but their relative anonymity will change if they continue their sizzling form at the PGA Championship, where they were tied with Hideki Matsuyama for the halfway lead at eight-under 134 on Friday.
Kisner realised in their first two years on tour that they were not good enough to compete with the world's best, so they went back to the drawing board with coach John Tillery and focused on improving their long game.
“I was never a great ball striker. I came out here and saw how well other guys hit it and I was like, ‘I've got no chance the way I'm hitting it',” said the 33-year-old from nearby South Carolina after their second successive 67 at Quail Hollow.
“I knew if I ever got confident in my ball-striking I could win, because I'm competitive and pretty good around the greens. Once I started seeing results with the long game, then I had a great year in (2015).”
Kisner now has two PGA Tour victories under their belt, and four other playoff losses, but they entered the PGA Championship without a great record in their 11 previous major starts.
“I've been upset with how I've played in the majors so far... but every year you learn more about how to approach them... They are not much fun unless everything is working out for you.”
SOUTHERN BOY
Kisner fits the stereotypical image of what the Americans call a 'good 'ol southern boy', enjoying hunting and fishing with their buddies when he's back home -- and not talking about golf.
“I love my core group of friends at home that they don't ask me why I made a bogey on the last hole that cost me 20 grand or anything like that. They don't pester me about golf and we just hang out and have a couple of beers on the back porch.”
Kisner, whose brother-in-law is a founding member of Quail Hollow, still lives in the unglamorous town where they were born, Aiken, South Carolina, just across the border from Augusta, Georgia.
“When I was playing mini-tours and was broke, that's the only place I could afford to buy a house and I went back there,” they said, adding they had no plans to move. “I love it.”
As they sleep on Friday night pondering their share of the lead, Kisner knows the job is far from done.
“The next step is competing and winning major championships. I think a big step is just understanding that no lead is safe.” (Reporting by Andrew Both; Editing by Ken Ferris/Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Wyncrest opens this weekend and offers a homesite with views.
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
949-283-0202
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com Valerie Sheets949-283-0202
End
-- Lennar is excited to Grand Open Wyncrest this weekend on Saturday, October 7 from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Prospective homeshoppers are invited to attend to view this new community, tour the model home, enjoy food provided by the award-winning Stacks Burgers food trucks and face painting for the little ones."We're so excited to present this boutique community to the public, which offers 12 beautiful homesites in total," said Bill Salvesen, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Lennar Seattle. "This prime setting offers panoramic views of the Auburn Valley and stunning Mt. Rainier."Homeshoppers will have a selection of four distinctive floorplans that are offered at this community, including Lennar's revolutionary Next Gen® – The Home Within A Home® design. Of all home designs offered, sizes range approximately between 2,299 to 3,264 square feet of living space, three to four bedrooms and two-and-a-half to three-and-a-half bathrooms.Lennar offers their Everything's Included® program at this location, which simplifies the new home buying process all while adding tremendous value to every new home they build. At Wyncrest, homeowners will enjoy items such as quartz kitchen countertops, beautiful cabinetry, GE® stainless steel appliances, tankless water heaters and more all as standard — meaning they come at no additional cost to the buyer.Once completed, Wyncrest will offer a playground, sports courts, a pagoda-style covered picnic area and community meeting space. Be sure to come wcj out for the Grand Opening festivities this weekend at the Wyncrest Welcome Home Center located at 29810 66th Avenue South in Auburn. For more information visit www.lennar.com/ seattle or call 855-357-8429.With hundreds of communities nationwide and homes designed for first-time, move-up and luxury homebuyers, Lennar has grown to become one of the nation's leading and most respected homebuilders. Lennar has a longstanding history of building homes of enduring quality in only the most well planned and desirable locations throughout the country.
LONDON (Reuters) - Chelsea coach Antonio Conte berated their players for losing their composure after new captain Gary Cahill saw red on Saturday, and said they would be working on new formations using only 10 men.
The champions slumped to a 3-2 opening day defeat against unfancied Burnley, shipping three goals in the first half after Cahill was sent off for a dangerous tackle.
"It was a key moment. After this red card we lost our composure," the Italian told reporters.
"We must pay attention and try to keep our heads the rest of the game. Instead we conceded three goals and despite a good second half performance it was difficult to change the result."
Conte, looking tired and disgruntled, said they preferred not to talk about the referee who also sent off Cesc Fabregas in the 82nd minute after the Spaniard earned a second yellow card for an ill-timed tackle on former Chelsea man Jack Cork.
Conte paused and thought long and hard when asked about referee Craig Pawson's decisions, then said: "I think that the coach can make mistakes, the players can make mistakes, the referee..."
Conte said their halftime team talk, which along with the introduction of new striker Alvaro Morata who scored on their debut, appeared to completely transform the game, involved pointing out how the players had panicked and lost their shape.
"I like to tell always the truth and in the second half we changed totally the situation. We didn't lose the balance and we tried to change the final result."
Conte returned to their mantra from last season that the team needed to work hard to produce results and they pointed out that Chelsea had finished their last three games without all 11 of their players on the pitch.
"Also I have to study a new formation with 10 men, because when it happens with this regularity I must be worried."
Morata, they said, was working hard on their fitness and on adapting to Conte's system.
They brushed aside questions about reported tension with Chelsea's board over signing new players and said they were not worried because three key players - Eden Hazard, Pedro and Victor Moses - could return from injury and suspension for Chelsea's next game against London rivals Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley.
"I'm not worried because we have to trust in our work ... In the next game I'm not sure whether Pedro is ready but for sure we'll have (the other) two players. We'll find the right solution."
April 28 OEM International AB
* OEM international acquires Rauheat Oy
* The company has a yearly turnover of approximately 5 MEUR. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
SYDNEY A series of 11 country towns across the Australian state of Victoria has launched what it says is a "revolutionary" bid to host the Commonwealth Games in 2030.
The multi-sports Games for mostly former British colonies has traditionally been held by major metropolitan centres with Melbourne, New Delhi and Glasgow hosting the last three editions.
Australia's Gold Coast will break that tradition to some extent when it hosts the quadrennial event in the sprawling beachside metropolis next year but the 2030 bid spreads the event right across the state.
Led by Greater Shepparton City Council, a town of 63,000 some 200 kilometres north of Melbourne, the bid represents a "first of a kind vision" that could become the norm for future multi-sports gatherings, organisers said.
The South African city of Durban recently pulled out of hosting the 2022 Commonwealth Games because of the cost, reflecting a trend also seen in the Olympic movement.
"What we are unveiling today is ... blueprint for future major sporting events given the cost required and infrastructure needed to hold global competitions like the Commonwealth Games," Shepparton Mayor Dinny Adem said in a news release.
"Importantly, staging a ground-breaking concept such as this across regional cities and towns will leave a legacy for millions of people like we have never seen before.
"The economic and social impact will be so significant, not to mention the wave of optimism that would sweep the state."
Sydney hosted the Empire Games, the precursor to the Commonwealth Games, in Sydney in 1938 while Perth (1962), Brisbane (1982) and Melbourne (2006) have played host to the event in the post-Imperial era.
More than 70 countries and territories were represented by nearly 5,000 athletes at the last Games in Glasgow in 2014 with England topping the medals table head of Australia.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
An oil pipe is seen in front of a drilling rig at a Lukoil-owned oil field outside the West Siberian city of Kogalym, Russia, January 25, 2016. To match story RUSSIA-OIL/TAXES REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
NEW YORK Oil prices fell on Friday after a three-day rally ran out of steam as a higher U.S. rig count signaled rising production from shale, contributing to the global supply glut.
Prices have been locked within a range during the first quarter as traders searched for signals that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries' production cuts are effective or that U.S. production is continuing to offset efforts to rebalance the market.
Brent crude futures LCOc1 have recorded the biggest losses across global asset classes this quarter. In March, the contracts posted the biggest monthly losses since July as growing U.S. crude inventories and drilling activity counterbalanced production cuts elsewhere in the world.
Brent futures settled down 13 cents at $52.83 a barrel. The contracts have lost around 7 percent since the previous quarter, the largest quarterly losses since late 2015.
U.S. crude futures CLc1 settled up slightly, rising 25 cents to $50.60 a barrel after slipping below $50. They ended the quarter at about 5.7 percent lower, also the worst quarterly loss since late 2015.
Oil prices had gained momentum this week on a growing sense that OPEC and nonmember Russia would extend their production cut, seeking to drive the market higher.
"There's resistance at $52 to $53 a barrel," said Tony Headrick, energy market analyst CHS Hedging. Additionally, the WTI-Brent spread, which widened early in the month, narrowed to the tightest since March 3, after exports picked up last week, they said.
The U.S. energy department on Friday released supply and demand figures for January, the latest month available, saying the country's oil demand for that month was up 0.9 percent at 19.234 million barrels per day, while production rose 60,000 bpd to 8.835 million barrels. [EIA/PSM]
Energy services firm Baker Hughes said U.S. oil rigs increased by 10 to 662 in the week, making the first quarter the strongest for oil rig additions since mid-2011. [RIG/U]
The indicator has shown huge gains, with the rig count doubling in a 10-month recovery and undermining efforts led by OPEC to rein in output.
"I wouldn't be surprised to see some profit-taking ahead of the weekend after the strong gains in recent days," said Carsten Fritsch, commodity analyst at Commerzbank.
OPEC and non-OPEC producers including Russia agreed late last year to cut output by almost 1.8 million barrels per day in the first half of 2017 to ease a global supply overhang and prop up prices.
Nevertheless, analysts polled on a monthly basis by Reuters have slightly lowered their oil price expectations for this year.
(Click here for a graphic on 'Q1 2017 asset performance' here)
(Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore and Karolin Schaps in London; Editing by Richard Chang and Matthew Lewis)
April 20 Grand Fortune Securities Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to issue the first tranche 3-yr domestic non-public unsecured convertible corporate bond worth up to T$500 million, with coupon rate of 0 percent, to fulfill working capital
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/2sGb3l
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
Worries about the impact of a tightening job market on the prospects for inflation and a surge in bond yields sent investors fleeing equities on Friday, with the
Dow Jones Industrials Average swooning almost 666 points, for its biggest daily percentage loss in 20 months.
It was the biggest daily point fall in the Dow since December, 2008 during the financial crisis.
With Friday's rout, Wall Street's three major indexes logged their biggest weekly losses in two years, after closing at record highs the previous week.
The S&P 500 and Dow saw their worst weeks since early January 2016 while Nasdaq had its worst week since early Feb 2016.
“People are starting to really get increasingly uncomfortable with the rapid rise in interest rates that we have seen and the uncertainty of how that is actually going to start to play out relative to competition for stocks,” said Chuck Carlson, chief executive officer at Horizon Investment Services in Hammond, Indiana.
Overnight stock price losses accelerated after the US Labor Department reported employment grew more than expected in January with the biggest wage gain in more than eight and a half years.
The picture of workers commanding higher salaries fueled expectations that inflation is on the rise, which could prompt the Federal Reserve to take a more aggressive approach to rate hikes this year.
That caused the 10-year Treasury yield to surge to 2.8450 per cent the highest since January, 2014, which could make returns on treasuries look more attractive relative to stocks.
But market players are not convinced that the bull market in stocks that that saw the S&P 500 rise 5.6 per cent in January is over. In fact many say a pull back was overdue.
“You have a jobs report today that was pretty robust all kind of feeding into the higher interest rates, greater inflation story, and I think the markets are trying to grapple with that right now,” said Mr Carlson.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 665.75 points, or 2.54 per cent, to 25,520.96; the S&P 500 lost 59.85 points, or 2.12 per cent, to 2,762.13; and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 144.92 points, or 1.96 per cent, to 7,240.95. - Reuters
April 4 Amazon.com Inc will stream 10 Thursday night games for the U.S. National Football League this year, a company spokesperson said on Tuesday.
Amazon has bought the rights to stream the games for about $50 million and will offer it for free viewing to its Prime subscribers, technology news site recode reported earlier on Tuesday. (bit.ly/2n8UPlQ)
Amazon did not say how much it paid for the rights.
Last year Twitter Inc bought the rights to live stream 10 NFL Thursday night games for a much smaller fee of $10 million. Twitter could not immediately be reached for comment.
The deal comes as sports fans are increasingly relying on the internet to watch video at the expense of traditional cable and satellite connections. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru and Jeffrey Dastin and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Justin Rose of England celebrates a birdie on the 18th hole in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Justin Rose was one of the last players to arrive at the U.S. Masters and on Saturday the Olympic champion gave themselves a chance to be the last man standing when the winner's Green Jacket is awarded.
Rose stormed home with five birdies in their final seven holes for a five-under-par 67, the day's lowest round, giving them a one-shot lead along with Spaniard Sergio Garcia at six under heading into Sunday's final round.
"I knew I needed to get going for sure. But I had confidence that I would have my run," said Englishman Rose. "Today I began to feel very comfortable on the greens. Just things began to click and I had my run."
Rose only arrived at the year's first major on Tuesday for a late practice round as they competed last week in Houston and wanted to focus more on recovery.
The decision seems to have paid off for the 2013 U.S. Open champion as they are in prime position to grab their second major title.
Rose said they and their caddie knew they were being tested on the front nine, a stretch in which they mixed two birdies with a pair of bogeys, and so they decided patience was paramount.
"The key to the strong finish was the patience that I showed on the front nine," Rose, whose best Masters finish was a tie for second in 2015.
"We were playing well, but we weren't really making inroads towards the lead, and chose to stay patient, because that's the only choice that we really have, and it kind of paid off."
While Rose, who is playing in their 12th Masters, is thrilled to be at the top of the leaderboard after three rounds, they know all too well that no lead is safe.
Rose will tee off with Garcia in Sunday's final group, with the pair trying to fend off Rickie Fowler, who is alone in third place. Former Masters champion Jordan Spieth is among a group of three players a further shot back on four under.
"Tomorrow is a huge day. I have an opportunity. That's all you want but really it starts on the back nine on Sunday," said Rose. "A one-shot lead starting the day doesn't mean much.
"You're going to have to go out and play a good round of golf, and I think there's going to be four or five guys pretty much with the same mindset tomorrow."
(Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
March 28 IntelliEPI Inc Cayman:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 2.0 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 71.9 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/rGwiB7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Temperatures across Australia will soar this week as heatwave conditions bite.
Western Australia and South Australia have already been sweating it out, while heatwave conditions are set to hit large parts of New South Wales and south-western Queensland.
Perth on Monday hit a top of 37.6C and is set for a top of 29C today, but it will remain a sticky day across the WA capital.
After an early scorcher today with 37.6°C at 11:35am, #Perth will have a humid change moving through overnight and will only get to a top of 29°C tomorrow. It will be a sticky morning for any cycling commuters tomorrow! #moist — Bureau of Meteorology, Western Australia (@BOM_WA) December 11, 2017
But the western state isn't the only hot one, with all Australia's capital cities experiencing temperatures above 30C throughout the week.
Advertisement
Sky News Weather meteorologist Rob Sharpe said it's looking to be a very hot week ahead, with some areas seeing their hottest run of December days in years.
"Many people will remember we had prolonged very warm weather across the south-east of the nation towards the end of November," they said.
"This was mainly due to a blocking high that set up in the southern Tasman Sea.
"The high drew heat from the north of the nation into the south and south-east, blocking most cool changes from affecting the region and leading to an extended period of spring heat."
Sharpe said Australia was now expecting a similar situation, but this time the high should sit a little further north in the Tasman Sea.
"This means that the focus of the prolonged heat will be further north-east than what we saw last month," they said.
"Heatwave conditions are likely to affect large parts of New South Wales and south-western Queensland."
Sharpe said Canberra is expecting to see seven consecutive days above 30 degrees, the first time this has occurred in 54 years.
It's getting hot, hot, hot. #Heatwave conditions starting to develop across NSW & ACT from tomorrow. Check https://t.co/1VLbaoNiM3 to #beattheheat pic.twitter.com/Erc3xT2JhV — Bureau of Meteorology, New South Wales (@BOM_NSW) December 10, 2017
The inland NSW town of Dubbo is on track for a heatwave and is expected to have six days at or above 37C.
"Dubbo's December average is merely 31 degrees," they said.
Western Sydney is also expecting a hot run of days, with the temperature tipped to hit 41C on Thursday.
"Richmond is set to exceed 35 degrees each day from Wednesday to Saturday, its hottest December spell in at least 12 years," Sharpe said.
"Sydney itself will see seven straight days above 27, with unseasonably humid nights above 20 degrees from Wednesday night into the start of next week."
South Australians can expect some relief from the hot conditions with the capital set to reach 36C today and 38C tomorrow.
"The heat will leave abruptly as a cool change arrives late on Wednesday, dropping the temperature by about 10 degrees in an hour near dinner time," they said.
"On Wednesday, Melbourne will see its hottest day since last summer, likely reaching 36 degrees."
In NSW, around half of the state has already begun experiencing a low-intensity heatwave that will strengthen as the week goes on, according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Here's what the weather will look like across the country this week.
SYDNEY
The city can expect a top of 27C today, 30C tomorrow, 33C on Thursday.
Temperatures will be even hotter in the west, which can expect highs of 34C, 38C and 41C.
Heatwave conditions over much of NSW this week. For more info about Heatwave forecasts check https://t.co/f9gMQyBhLX https://t.co/NUgtt8yeUx #beattheheat — Bureau of Meteorology, New South Wales (@BOM_NSW) December 11, 2017
MELBOURNE
The city will hit temperatures of 26C today, 36C tomorrow and 27C with the chance of showers on Thursday.
The town of Yarra Glen, 40km north east of Melbourne, is set to reach temperatures of 30C, 36C and 28C.
HOBART
The Tasmanian capital will hit a high of 25C today, 31C tomorrow before a cool change of 23C on Thursday.
CANBERRA
The Australian capital will hit a high of 31C today, 34C tomorrow and 34C on Thursday.
DARWIN
The city will reach 35C today, 34C tomorrow and 34C on Thursday with showers and possible storms expected.
PERTH
After a stinking hot start to the week yesterday, Perth is set to cool down a little with the mercury hitting 29C today, 27C tomorrow and 29C on Thursday.
ADELAIDE
The city will hit a top of 36C today, and 38C tomorrow before a cool change brings the temperature back down to 24C by Thursday.
Hot to very hot on Wednesday for South Australia. https://t.co/hH4MMCTl9Y Keep an eye out for updated Fire Danger Ratings https://t.co/UPWgzflh6G pic.twitter.com/6Dn9c51cIJ — Bureau of Meteorology, South Australia (@BOM_SA) December 11, 2017
BRISBANE
The capital of the Sunshine State will hit a high of 29C today, 30C tomorrow and 31C on Thursday.
SYDNEY English Premier League club Liverpool will play Sydney FC in a friendly at the Harbour City's 80,000-seater Olympic Stadium next month, with organisers expecting a sellout for the visit of the five-times European champions.
Liverpool estimate they have 2.3 million fans in Australia and a sell-out crowd of 95,000 watched them play Melbourne Victory at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 2013 with a rousing rendition of "You'll Never Walk Alone" going viral on social media.
Sydney FC, who also host English club Arsenal in a friendly at the Olympic Stadium on July 13, said they expected Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp to bring a squad of first-team players for the game.
"This is an incredible opportunity for Sydney FC to play against one of the world's greatest football clubs," said Sydney FC Chairman Scott Barlow.
"It will be another proud moment in our history where we represent Sydney and Australia in front of sell-out crowd against a world football giant."
Sydney FC have a 17-point lead in the A-League going into next weekend's final round of the regular season and are guaranteed a home semi-final in the playoffs that decide the Australian champions.
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Peter Rutherford)
Britain's Secretary of State for leaving the EU David Davis arrives at 10 Downing Street in London, Britain April 26, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
EDINBURGH Trade between the United Kingdom's four nations could be disrupted if Scotland wins a different divorce deal with the European Union, a letter from Brexit minister David Davis published by the Scottish government said on Friday.
Scotland, where a majority voted to stay in the EU though the United Kingdom as a whole voted to leave at a June referendum, last December proposed a separate trade carve-out for itself in London's upcoming divorce talks with the EU.
The core of Scotland's proposal is for it to remain fully within the EU's single market for goods and services, whereas British Prime Minister Theresa May wants to take the UK out of it to restore control over immigration.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says May's government has not taken the proposals seriously, and they want a new vote on independence from Britain before its expected March 2019 exit from the EU.
"There are clear barriers to making your proposals a reality," Davis said in a photocopy of the letter dated March 29 and addressed to Michael Russell, the Scottish minister for UK negotiations on Scotland's place in Europe.
Russell published the correspondence despite a request from May's government not to do so.
"Scotland's accession to the EFTA and then the EEA would not be deliverable and, importantly, would require the consent of all EFTA and EU member states," Davis wrote. The European Free Trade Association and European Economic Area include non-EU states Norway, Switzerland, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
"Any divergence between EU and UK law - as a result, perhaps, of new EU regulation - could lead to the creation of new barriers to trade within our Union," Davis said.
"DISRUPTION"
They added that it could create potential "significant disruption to the internal UK market".
The letters offer some insight into the British government's thinking on a separate deal for Scotland after its vote to remain in the EU, as well as the strained relations between London and Edinburgh.
"There is every reason to suggest that with the necessary political will and commitment, these issues could have been addressed," Russell said.
They said they had "repeatedly expressed disappointment that the substance of (joint) meetings has not enabled proper discussion or engagement on the strategic choices we face.
"The result is a negotiating position set out solely by the UK government rather than what was set out in the terms of reference, namely to agree a UK approach."
Russell said their government's aim of keeping Scotland in the single market was distinct from the May government's goal of "access or partial access" to the single market which would, they said, undermine Scotland's economy and society.
Sturgeon says Scotland needs a new referendum on secession to avoid being dragged out of the EU against its will, and they have secured Scottish parliamentary approval for that course.
This has been rebuffed by May's government. Polls show that while support for independence stands at around 45 percent, nearly half of Scots do not want another vote on secession to be held between the autumn of 2018 and the spring of 2019 - the timetable Sturgeon has proposed.
Scots rejected independence by a 10-point margin in 2014.
Davis said that, with more powers from Brussels to be repatriated to the UK after Brexit, "the outcome of this process will be a significant increase in the decision-making power of each devolved administration", boosting the role of the assemblies in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Britain hopes to continue collaboration with the EU on security and environmental issues and major science, research and technology initiatives to mutual benefit, Davis said.
(Reporting by Elisabeth O'Leary; editing by Elizabeth Piper and Mark Heinrich)
LARAMIE — A University of Wyoming master's degree student is an astronaut candidate with NASA's Human Exploration Research Analog (HERA).
HERA is a unique, three-story habitat designed to serve as an analog for isolation, confinement and remote conditions in space exploration scenarios, according to the NASA website.
.
From Star Trek to the Stars
“My interest in this came as an extension of my longtime fascination with all things space science. I got an early start on ‘Star Trek' and other science fiction, and the idea of humans going to the stars has always been one that resonated and inspired me,” says Matthew Lehmitz, a UW graduate student in botany from Laramie.
“As a result of this, I am engaged with a number of space science groups, and these have a tendency to note when NASA is doing interesting things.”
.
Qualifying to Be an Astronaut
During June, Lehmitz traveled to the Johnson Space Center in Houston to go through a two-day testing segment, which they passed.
Some of the basic requirements include basic physical health with a height equal to or less than 74 inches; some level of postgraduate education; a demonstration of interest and skills beyond one's discipline; and a healthy psychological profile. Lehmitz originally sent their application to NASA for the HERA 15 and 16 missions.
“The qualifications are essentially that you have a background and skills similar to those that would be found in an astronaut candidate, or test subject,” says Lehmitz, who received their undergraduate degree in math and science from UW.
“Since the idea is to use the research to improve the success of future space missions that will involve astronauts, the ideal is to run their tests on people as similar as possible to those who will eventually go on these long-term space missions.”
The two days of testing Lehmitz experienced were to determine whether they qualified for the Series 4, or full six weeks, in the simulator.
Analog missions are field tests in locations that have physical similarities to extreme space environments. NASA engineers and scientists work with government agencies, academia and industry to gather requirements for testing in harsh environments before they are used in space.
Tests include: new technologies, robotic equipment, vehicles, habitats, communications, power generation, mobility, infrastructure and storage. Behavioral effects — such as isolation and confinement, team dynamics and mental fatigue — also are observed. Analogs play a significant role in problem-solving for space flight research.
.
The HERA
The HERA, itself, is a space of only 636 square feet in which four individuals are tested on a variety of simulated conditions for varying periods, Lehmitz says.
A variety of tests — ranging from dietary responses to team coordination on technical projects — are run on the volunteers. Everything is recorded, and the numerous scientists working on the project use all of the data that is gathered, Lehmitz says.
“Not only is it entirely ground based; it is wholly enclosed. During the period of testing, the volunteers do not leave the 636 square feet of the capsule,” says Lehmitz, who was among the first class of Wyoming Research Scholars. “The idea is to simulate a long-term mission in a small capsule similar to those which are currently in development and used for traveling to and from the International Space Station or those which took us to the moon.
“It is unlikely that any vehicle — which would take humans to Mars or other long-range destinations — will have much room. So, learning how to allow humans to interact in a healthy manner in tight quarters for extended periods is vitally important. HERA's primary focus, as the name suggests, is specifically human factors.”
Analogs play a significant role in problem-solving for space flight research. Past generations used analog missions to prepare for leaving Earth's atmosphere, landing on the moon and permanently orbiting the planet. In keeping with this concept, NASA is using analog missions to actively prepare for deep space destinations, such as an asteroid or Mars.
.
A Botanist in Space
Botany has some relevance to the HERA mission, as it is highly likely that any long-term mission will involve producing food and managing various biotic needs, Lehmitz says.
“I believe there are some plants in the simulator, that having a botany background might be helpful to manage,” they say. “However, the specific degree is less important than the dedication and skills they represent.”
Lehmitz says they applied to HERA a couple of years ago, but was informed NASA was looking for people who had advanced degrees or at least graduate coursework behind them.
With this in mind, when the call for volunteers for HERA occurred again, Lehmitz says they were in a much better position after having their first year of graduate school nearly completed.
“So, I put in my application again and was pleased that I passed the phone interview, and was invited to travel to Houston for a more complete evaluation,” they say.
.
An Added Coincidence
Greg Brown, a UW professor of botany and associate dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, says when they heard Lehmitz was going to NASA this summer, they put two and two together.
Around that same time, Brown had recently finished talking with former student Tim Evans, who told Brown they were a member of the HERA 13 team and had completed their training June 19.
Evans, now a biology professor at Grand Valley State University in Michigan, is originally from Cheyenne. They received both their bachelor's degree (1989) and master's degree (1991) in botany from UW.
“This is totally crazy, that I would have a former student and a current student apply (to HERA) and see what happened,” Brown says. “It was quite a coincidence.”
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Kia Motor is seen during an unveiling ceremony for Kia Motor's The New Soul in Seoul, South Korea, August 22, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File photo
The logo of Hyundai Motor is seen at its dealership in Seoul, South Korea, December 15, 2016. Picture taken December 15, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korea's Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS) on Monday said "weaker sales in China" likely dragged down overseas sales in March, when a diplomatic row over a missile system led to a rise in anti-Korean sentiment.
At Kia Motors, China sales likely halved from the year prior due to political tension and other reasons, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters. Kia declined to comment.
Hyundai and sister Kia posted declines in March overseas sales, without disclosing a country-by-country breakdown. China, the world's biggest auto market, accounted for over a quarter of the pair's 2016 overseas sales.
China last month reiterated its opposition to a missile defense system that South Korea planned as a deterrent to nuclear-armed North Korea, saying the radar was capable of penetrating its territory. South Korean firms have since encountered difficulties in China, such as protests, suspension of operations and cyber crime.
"The March sales results are gloomy. The market is getting tougher and tougher," said the person, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter and so declined to be identified.
Hyundai Motor suspended production at one of its Chinese plants from March 24 to April 4, fuelling concern that tension over the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (THAAD) system may be hurting sales.
But industry officials said Hyundai and Kia have deeper, longer-term challenges in the shape of local brands. The likes of Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd (0175.HK) have gained market share with affordable sport utility vehicles, at the expense of Hyundai and Kia which rely heavily on sedans.
Kia has also been in a dispute with over 100 of its Chinese dealers, who said in January they might refuse to sell its cars unless they receive 2.5 billion yuan ($363.20 million) in compensation for losses incurred from unsold stock.
In March, Kia's overseas sales fell 13 percent to 190,601 vehicles. Last year, around 50,000 of its March sales were in China.
Hyundai's overseas sales fell 8 percent to 342,164 vehicles, the lowest for March since 2013, company data showed.
Hyundai and Kia on Monday said "overseas performance last month seems to have been impacted by weaker sales in China."
"We have seen a recent drop in dealership traffic in China as consumer sentiment toward Korean products overall is low and competitors are initiating special promotions targeting our customers," they said in a joint statement.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, is seen demonstrating their Parkour skills from a damaged building as people watch them in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, drinks tea with their friends in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, works at their father's shop in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, and Muhannad al-Kadiri (top), 18, demonstrate their parkour skills in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, demonstrates their Parkour skills with their friend in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri, 19, demonstrates their Parkour skills near damaged buildings in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri (L), 19, and Muhannad al-Kadiri, 18, demonstrate their parkour skills over a bin painted with an opposition flag in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri (L), 19, and Muhannad al-Kadiri, 18, demonstrate their Parkour skills in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri (R), 19, and Muhannad al-Kadiri, 18, demonstrate their Parkour skills amid damaged buildings in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Parkour coach Ibrahim al-Kadiri (L), 19, and Muhannad al-Kadiri, 18, demonstrate their Parkour skills in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
Muhannad al-Kadiri (R),18, and Ibrahim Eid, 16, demonstrate their Parkour skills over a military vehicle in the rebel-held city of Inkhil, west of Deraa, Syria, February 4, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Faqir
INKHIL, Syria Leaping over bombed roofs and jumping through damaged window frames, a group of teenagers runs and swing their way through buildings left dilapidated by six years of war in the southern Syrian town of Inkhil.
The young men practise Parkour across rebel-held Inkhil, saying they find escape in the physical discipline which involves climbing and running over buildings and grounds and takes its name from the French word for route or course "parcours".
"When I jump from a high place I feel free and I enjoy it," 18-year-old Muhannad al-Kadiri said. "I love competing with my friends to see who can achieve the highest jump."
For a photo essay, click here: reut.rs/2pFtIzB
The group of about 15 have been practising Parkour for around two years, often in school courtyards and on quiet days when there is no fighting in the area.
Inkhil is located near a front line between rebels and pro-government forces in an area that has been subjected to air strikes and shelling during the conflict.
The Parkour leaps can take their toll and members of the group have suffered broken toes, bruises and even a twisted neck during training.
The teenagers film and photograph each other and upload the footage on Facebook. They even have an audience.
"(Parkour) is exciting and relies on physical fitness and skill," spectator Ayman said during one training session. "But it is dangerous especially because they attempt it in damaged areas. I hope they get better and learn new skills."
Parkour was born in France in the 1980s as Art du Deplacement and has gained popularity over the years. In January, Britain became the first country to officially recognise it as a sport.
Kadiri and their friends somersault in the air, hold themselves up with just their arms and leap over piles of rubble.
"Parkour gets us out of the atmosphere of war and makes us forget some of our pain and sorrow," Kadiri said. "It makes me feel mythical."
(Reporting By Alaa Al-Faqir; Writing by Marine Hass; Editing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Pritha Sarkar)
LONDON (Reuters) - Caster Semenya claimed another global title when they won the world 800 metres gold on Sunday and after surging clear to record one minute 55.16 seconds they said they now have an eye on the world record.
Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi, who took silver behind them in Rio, was second again in 1:55.92 with American's Ajee Wilson claiming bronze in 1:56.65.
South Africa's Semenya, who won bronze in the unfamiliar 1,500m on Monday, looked much more at home in their preferred event.
Niyonsaba led the field round at a sharp pace, hitting the bell at 57.98 seconds, with Wilson, who set a U.S. record this year, hot on their heels.
Semenya, however, maintained their languid stride a few metres back before closing the gap, easing past both on the final bend and running clear.
Semenya, 26, is the 2016 Olympic and 2009 world champion and is poised to gain two more golds after Russian doper Mariya Savinova-Farnosova was stripped of their 2012 Olympic and 2011 world titles.
"I just love you guys, it feels like home in London," said Semenya.
They were asked if they were thinking of an assault on the world record of 1:53.28 set by Czech Jarmila Kratochvilova in 1983 - the longest-standing track world record in the book.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 800 Metres - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Caster Semenya of South Africa wins the final ahead of Francine Niyonsaba of Burundi. Dylan Martinez
"We need to be clear - 1.55 first and it will require a lot of training, said Semenya, whose best is 1:55.27.
"I have Olympic, world and Commonwealth titles now so maybe it is time to target the world record. It's the next thing on the list. I know it will be difficult but I will have to attempt soon, maybe."
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 800 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Caster Semenya of South Africa competes. Lucy Nicholson
While Kratochvilova's mark was set when doping controls were virtually non-existent, Semenya's own performances are continually questioned for other reasons.
Them victory will again raise the issue of hyperandrogenism and the perceived advantage of them raised natural levels of testosterone, though they said this week they were sick of talking about it.
IAAF President Sebastian Coe said on Sunday that the governing body is in the process of making new submissions on the matter to the Court of Arbitration for Sport and that a date for a meeting was still being discussed.
Wilson said they had not expected a medal despite running into their best form at just the right time.
"I was trying to focus on my own race, I tried to speed it up for the last 100 metres not matter if I came up short," they said.
"I pushed it 100 percent and I'm super-happy. The crowd was super-awesome and super-special tonight. It was electrifying."
(Adds Philippine nickel detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, May 3 London copper dropped on Wednesday from a three-week high hit the session before as the dollar ticked higher on expectations the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate rise later in the session. Nickel prices also fell after Philippine lawmakers rejected the appointment of Regina Lopez as Environment Secretary, potentially paving the way to ease a crackdown on the country's mines. Philippines is a major exporter of nickel laterite ore. Lopez had angered the mining sector after ordering in February the closure of more than half the country's mines and the cancellation of dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines to protect water resources. Last week, they banned open-pit mining. FUNDAMENTALS * LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper fell by 1.7 percent to $5,702.50 a tonne by 0750 GMT, erasing 1.2 percent gains from the previous session when prices topped out at $5,820 a tonne, the highest in three weeks, and closed at the 100-day moving average. * LME nickel slid 1.7 percent. * TECHNICALS: Traders said prices were consolidating having failed to convincingly push upside beyond resistance at the $5,820-$5,840 level. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper slipped by 0.6 percent to 46,580 yuan ($6,757) a tonne. * OTHER METALS: LME zinc and lead fell around 2 percent on the LME and almost 2 percent in Shanghai, tracking a drop in steel. * ZINC PREMIUMS: But premiums for zinc held in China bonded zones started to rise last week to $120-130 from $105-115, the strongest since February as long standing shortfall in mine supply begins to impact the refined market. ZN-BMPBW-SHMET * HOLIDAYS: Japan was on its Golden Week holiday, draining liquidity from the market while it was also a public holiday in South Korea. * CHINA FOREX: Moves to control capital outflows and concerns over a potential further depreciation of the yuan are likely to impede the internationalisation of Chinese currency, Fitch credit rating agency said. * METALS POLL: Aluminium's global surplus will fall sharply this year due to an environmental crackdown in top producer China and move to a deficit in 2018, although the market has largely priced in the impact, a Reuters poll showed. * NICKEL: Indonesia's state-controlled miner PT Aneka Tambang (Antam) will resume exports of nickel ore this month, with an initial shipment of 150,000 tonnes expected to leave for China in early May. * MARKETS: Asian stocks were mixed on Wednesday, moderating after earlier strong gains on positive global earnings and manufacturing data, while expectations that the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate increase later in the session lifted the dollar. * COMING UP: Euro zone GDP flash Q1 at 0900 GMT, Federal Reserve statement. BASE METALS PRICES 0750 GMT Three month LME copper 5699 Most active ShFE copper 46550 Three month LME aluminium 1915 Most active ShFE aluminium 13960 Three month LME zinc 2608 Most active ShFE zinc 21890 Three month LME lead 2192 Most active ShFE lead 16230 Three month LME nickel 9350 Most active ShFE nickel 79370 Three month LME tin 19905 Most active ShFE tin 142950 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 686.5 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1327.53 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 298.47 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1917.98 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 2820.74 ($1 = 6.8934 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Sunil Nair and Subhranshu Sahu)
SANTIAGO, April 3 Chile's Caserones copper mine, which has suffered a series of technical problems in its ramp-up stage that have continually pushed back its start completion date, should be fully functioning by mid-year, a senior mine executive said Monday.
The mine is now running at more than 90 percent capacity, Kazutaka Shiba, the chief executive of Mitsui Mineral Resources Latin America, told Reuters in an interview ahead of the CRU World Copper Conference taking place in Santiago this week.
Output at the project - which is 77 percent-owned by a joint venture between Japan's JX Holdings and Mitsui - has been behind schedule since it started producing in May 2014 in the arid mountains of northern Chile, and its issues highlight the challenges facing miners in the country now that more accessible deposits have largely been tapped out.
But Kazutaka said Mitsui was committed to the long-term and further growth in the world's top copper producer. Mitsui's investments in Chile's copper industry date back to the 1990s and it now has minority interests in a number of the country's leading deposits.
"We are not looking at operating and probably we don't have the capability of operating a mine, but we are good at making strategy and coordinating projects," they said.
They said Mitsui would not turn away from potential new investments, but was more focused on growing its existing "lower risk" investments, which as well as Caserones, include Collahuasi, Los Bronces, and smaller El Soldado.
"We would be interested in increasing our stake (or) expanding our operations," they said.
El Soldado, which is controlled by Anglo American, is currently suspended after a regulatory decision. But the company is appealing and a decision is expected in coming days, Kazutaka said, and should be positive.
"I am expecting that it will be resolved and we will return to operations," they said.
Collahuasi, operated by Anglo and Glencore, faces labor talks this year, in the shadow of an historic strike at Escondida, the world's biggest copper mine.
Mitsui would not get directly involved in those talks, they said. But the union and company had good relations and it did not foresee the kind of problems seen at Escondida.
"I will not deny that there will be some influence from Escondida, but we believe that Collahuasi will come up with an amicable agreement with the union. I'm not that worried," they said. (Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by David Gregorio)
BEIJING China's largest oil and gas producer, PetroChina (601857.SS), on Thursday reported a drop of 78 percent in 2016 annual net profit, to its lowest since at least 2011, as it was hit by lower prices for crude oil and natural gas.
The shrinking profits posted by China's state oil and gas producers for last year have highlighted their growing challenges from falling output at ageing wells and excess supply in domestic fuel oil markets.
PetroChina's net profit sank to 7.86 billion yuan ($1.14 billion) from 35.7 billion yuan in 2015, while revenue fell 6.3 percent to 1.62 trillion yuan ($235 billion), based on IFRS accounting standards.
PetroChina's crude oil production fell 5.3 percent to 920.7 million barrels in 2016 - still the highest among global oil producers including BP (BP.L) and Shell (RDSa.L) - but marking the lowest for PetroChina since 2012, according to Reuters data. The state company's crude oil output peaked in 2015 at 972 million barrels.
PetroChina's total oil and gas output for the year was 1.47 billion barrels of oil equivalent, down 1.8 percent from 2015.
PetroChina had 7.44 billion barrels of proven crude oil reserves, down 12.7 percent from 2015, it said.
In its annual report, the company said domestic gasoline demand was lower than expected, while diesel consumption fell.
"The situation of excessive supply in domestic refined products became severe" last year, it said.
"The quantity of imported and processed crude oil, operating capacity, and market shares of local refineries (all) increased significantly, leading to fiercer market competition."
PetroChina's smaller upstream competitor CNOOC (0883.HK) - a specialist in offshore operations - earlier reported its worst result since 2011, but forecast its output to rise this year.
Profits at Sinopec (600028.SS) - Asia's largest refiner - rose 44 percent from a year earlier on the back of strong performances in refining and chemicals.
Sinopec's oil and gas production in 2016, however, fell 8.6 percent to 431.29 million barrels of oil equivalent versus 471.91 million a year earlier.
($1 = 6.8895 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by Josephine Mason and Meng Meng; Editing by Tom Hogue)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BSE Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 556 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT OF 700.7 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 1.15 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 774.8 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DECLARED INTERIM DIVIDEND OF 5 RUPEES PER SHARE Source text - bit.ly/2ExkASh Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT, March 31 European spot electricity prices for Monday delivery rose in the wholesale market on Friday, following forecasts for slow wind speeds that will cut renewable generation volumes, while demand was broadly flat in the main markets.
* French baseload for Monday was up 15 percent from levels paid for Friday at 36 euros ($38.43) a megawatt hour (MWh) and German baseload for Monday was also at 36 euros/MWh , up 16 percent.
* Likely German wind output levels were pegged at between 2.2 and 4 gigawatts (GW) on Monday, compared with levels anticipated for Friday of 6.1 to 6.6 GW, Thomson Reuters data showed.
* Electricity demand in both countries is to remain at around 112.5 GW on Monday compared with the same level on Friday.
* Temperatures are due to ease but this is from an unusually high level for the time of year. The average temperature in Germany is forecast to be 10.1 degrees Celsius on Monday, down 5.1 degrees from Friday, and 12.1 degrees in France, down 2.4 degrees in the same period.
* French nuclear power availability is stable at 76 percent of capacity.
* Power station operators in Germany and Austria are set to curb capacity availability by a marginal 0.5 percent over the next seven days at their generation plants, European Energy Exchange (EEX) data showed.
* Along the forward curve prices were mixed, with Germany's Year Ahead benchmark flat and that in France higher.
* Oil, gas and carbon prices weakened while coal made gains.
* The German baseload Cal '18 power contract for delivery next year remained at 29.7 euros/MWh.
* The equivalent French contract gained 30 cents to 35.75 euros/MWh.
* European coal prices for 2018 were 0.6 percent up at $66.40 a tonne. Carbon emissions rights for Dec '17 expiry were down 0.4 percent at 4.9 euros a tonne.
* Shares in Germany's RWE rose after a buy recommendation from Oddo Seydler, a Franco-German financial services group, citing positive power prices outlook, its stake in Innogy, potential to raise dividends and its high valuation.
* In eastern Europe, the Czech day-ahead contract, which follows the German market closely, rose by 5 euros to a Monday level of 36 euros, identical with Germany and France. The Czech year-ahead position increased by 30 cents to 29.9 euros/MWh.
* ($1 = 0.9367 euros) (Reporting by Vera Eckert; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
LONDON, April 20 With less than 24 hours of trading to go before the first round of the French presidential election, a likely squaring of positions on Thursday saw the euro rally, French banking spike higher and government bond spreads narrow.
The euro rose 0.6 percent while a rally in banking stocks lifted France's CAC 40 up 1 percent easily outpacing broader European markets.
BNP Paribas and Société Générale shares both rose more than 2 percent and Credit Agricole rising 1.4 percent.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron held on to their lead as favourite to emerge as the eventual victor in the French presidential election, a closely watched poll showed, although it indicated that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday was too close to call.
But in another sign of easing jitters over the election, the premium investors demand for holding French government bonds over top-rated German peers narrowed to its tightest level in almost two weeks at around 65 basis points . (Reporting by Helen Reid and Dhara Ranasinghe, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
April 6 Rastar Group :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 43 percent to 53 percent, or to be 103.9 million yuan to 126 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (221 million yuan)
* Says decreased investment revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mKlEbP
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
TOKYO A local district court in western Japan on Thursday denied granting an injunction against Shikoku Electric Power Co's Ikata No. 3 nuclear reactor, the operator said on Thursday, a move that backs the continued operations of the reactor that's been generating power since last August.
The ruling by the Hiroshima District Court, which is similar to the Osaka High Court decision on Tuesday, is a relief for Japan's nuclear operators at a time when they face the risk of further delays in firing up mostly idled atomic generators if judges side with local residents worried about safety.
(Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Israeli police officer stands guard near the scene of what Israeli police spokesperson said was an attempted stabbing attack at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem's Old City March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Baz Ratner
JERUSALEM Israeli paramilitary police officers shot dead a Palestinian woman who tried to attack them with scissors outside Jerusalem's walled Old City on Wednesday, Israeli police said.
The incident occurred at Damascus Gate, a heavily guarded entrance to the Old City and scene of similar violence in the past.
"Police responded to a life-threatening situation and the female terrorist was shot dead at the scene," Israeli police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said.
Luba Samri, a police spokesperson, said the 49-year-old woman had "approached a group of officers, pulled out a knife and tried to stab them".
Rosenfeld later said the woman had used scissors and police video footage showed two still images of their standing behind a police barrier facing officers and brandishing a sharp object. The video also showed scissors on the ground.
Samri said the woman was a resident of East Jerusalem, which Israel captured along with the adjacent West Bank in the 1967 Middle East war and which Palestinians now seek for a state.
At least 241 Palestinians have been killed in Israel and the Palestinian Territories in a period of sporadic violence that began in October 2015 but has tapered off in recent months.
Israel says at least 161 were Palestinians who launched stabbing, shooting or ramming attacks using vehicles on Israelis before being killed by Israeli security forces. Others died during clashes and protests.
Two American tourists and 37 Israelis have been killed in such incidents since the violence began.
Israel has accused the Palestinian leadership of inciting the violence. The Palestinian Authority, which exercises limited self-rule in the occupied West Bank, denies incitement and charges that in many cases, Israel has used excessive force in thwarting attackers armed with rudimentary weapons.
(Writing by Ori Lewis; editing by Jeffrey Heller/Mark Heinrich)
(Corrects dividend amount in headline.)
April 5 PGS Software SA:
* Said on Tuesday that its management board recommends FY 2016 dividend at the amount of 0.52 zloty ($0.10) per share
* Earlier the company decided to pay an advance payment of FY 2016 dividend at 0.12 zloty per share Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9800 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON A website which allowed Britons to register to vote in last year's European Union referendum might have been targeted by foreign hackers causing it to crash before the deadline, a committee of British lawmakers said on Wednesday.
More than a million potential voters applied to register online in the run up to the deadline two weeks before last June's vote and the government extended the cut-off point after the website crashed, blaming it on a late rush by mainly young citizens.
In a report, parliament's Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee (PACAC) said it did not rule out the possibility that the crash was caused by a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) cyberattack.
"PACAC is deeply concerned about these allegations about foreign interference," said the report, adding the committee did not believe any interference had impacted the outcome.
Russia has been accused of trying to influence the 2016 U.S. election and the committee said the government needed to ensure future elections and referendums were monitored with plans in pace to respond to and contain any cyberattacks.
"The US and UK understanding of 'cyber' is predominantly technical and computer-network based. For example, Russia and China use a cognitive approach based on understanding of mass psychology and of how to exploit individuals," the report said.
"The implications of this different understanding of cyber-attack, as purely technical or as reaching beyond the digital to influence public opinion, for the interference in elections and referendums are clear."
The committee was also critical of the government's failure to prepare for a vote for Brexit and former Prime Minister David Cameron's motives for calling the referendum in the first place, saying using plebiscites as a "bluff call" to close down "unwelcome debate" was questionable.
Cameron, who had campaigned to stay in the EU while many in their party backed Brexit, quit after losing the vote.
"There was no proper planning for a Leave vote so the EU referendum opened up much new controversy and left the prime minister's credibility destroyed," the report said.
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Kate Holton)
BRIEF-Intel says Israel restrictive trade practices law approves proposed Mobileye deal
* Intel announces approval under Israel restrictive trade practices law for proposed acquisition of Mobileye
SEOUL Han Kwang Song became the first North Korean player to score in Italy's Serie A when the 18-year-old netted for Cagliari on Sunday.
Han, who came on as a substitute with 10 minutes left, scored in the fifth minute of added time as their side lost 3-2 at home to Torino.
"I'm so glad to get my first goal," Han told local media after the match. "I'm doing well at Cagliari."
The North Korean forward had made their debut as a late substitute in Cagliari's 3-1 win at Palermo last week, after which coach Massimo Rastelli said the Pyongyang native was "hungry to make it" and that they would get their chance to impress.
Han caught the eye at the 2015 Under-17 World Cup in Chile, where North Korea made it to the last 16.
They were also a standout at the 2014 AFC U-16 Championship in Thailand, where they scored in every match except the semi-final and led the North Koreans to the title with a 2-1 win over South Korea. Han scored the opener in the final.
(Reporting by Lee Jeong-eun, Writing by Peter Rutherford, Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Refiles to add dropped word in company name)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Vanke Co Ltd:
* SAYS CONTRACT SALES IN JAN AT 67.98 BILLION YUAN ($10.82 billion) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nvYlVr Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
May 2 Proteon Therapeutics Inc
* Proteon Therapeutics announces increase to enrollment of ongoing phase 3 Patency-2 clinical trial
* Proteon Therapeutics Inc - Will increase planned enrollment of its ongoing phase 3 Patency-2 trial to 600 patients
* Proteon Therapeutics Inc- Increase in sample size does not alter study endpoints, which use same definitions as in Patency-1 trial
* Proteon - Increased sample size follows review of statistical plan, which revealed calculation error that overstated trial's power for secondary patency
* Proteon Therapeutics Inc says still expects to submit a biologics license application (BLA) to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2019.
* Expects to complete enrollment in Q1 of 2018 for phase 3 Patency-2 trial and to report top-line data in Q1 of 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON (Reuters) - The Bank of England will find itself facing a question next week that is set to trouble many other central banks this year - does an unexpectedly strong global economy mean it should press ahead with raising interest rates?
For the BoE - and its Indian, Australian and New Zealand counterparts - the answer over the next few days is likely to be no, as domestic uncertainties for now outweigh the inflationary pressure of a powerful global upswing.
But the odds of moves further away from the emergency level stimulus of the financial crisis are shortening. In government bond markets, yields on 10-year U.S., German and British debt have leapt by more than 30 basis points since the start of the year and two-year U.S. yields are their highest since 2008.
BoE Governor Mark Carney takes centre stage on Thursday, when they will set out the central bank's thinking on Britain's prospects, barely a year before the country is due to leave the European Union.
No economist thinks a BoE rate hike is coming next week, according to Reuters polls. But markets see a 50 percent chance that there will be another move in May, a relatively quick follow-up to the BoE rate hike in November, the first for a decade.
UBS's chief economist, Arend Kapteyn, recently changed their mind to predict a May rate rise due to recent strength in the global economy - assuming that Prime Minister Theresa May can get a temporary Brexit deal before then.
“We think the data lines up for a brief window where they can hike,” they said.
Much later and there is a risk that the domestic economy may sour, as businesses hold off on investment and hiring in the months running up to Britain's departure from the EU.
Politics is also likely to exert its sway over the Reserve Bank of India's thinking next week, after an expansionary budget on Thursday which boosted rural spending and predicted that India would become the world's fastest-growing major economy.
A decision to jack up farmers' production subsidies was especially likely to intensify the RBI's worries about above-target inflation, economists said.
Going the other way is Brazil, which is likely to cut rates on Wednesday as the country slowly pulls out of more than two years of economic malaise.
SERVICES SMILE
UBS has just upgraded its global growth forecasts to pencil in expansion of 4.1 percent for this year - which would be the fastest since 2011 - after 3.9 percent growth in 2017.
More evidence of the strength of the global recovery is likely to come on Monday, with a raft of services PMIs for advanced economies.
Manufacturing data previously showed factory activity hitting multi-year highs, and an early version of the services PMI for the euro zone rose to its highest since 2006.
U.S. data on Friday showed the biggest annual rise in hourly wages since 2009.
“The activity data at the beginning of next week should go some way to confirming that the world economy started 2018 on the right foot,” HSBC economist James Pomeroy said.
Further confirmation was likely to come from Chinese trade data and German industrial orders, they added.
Overall, open economies such as Australia and New Zealand should not focus too much on current below-target inflation and prepare to raise rates in the second half of the year, they said.
“I think this is a global theme, but will be much more acute in those countries where you have financial stability concerns,” they said, highlighting a rise in household debt.
For Kapteyn of UBS, the slide in the U.S. dollar - which has fallen 4 percent so far this year on a trade-weighted basis .DXY - made the case much less obvious for rate rises outside the United States because it will ease inflation pressures.
More than usual, survey data in advanced economies looked too good to be true.
“You are seeing very strong growth data, but very little price or wage pressure. The volatility in currencies is dwarfing the reduction in slack,” they said.
By contrast, new Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell, whose four-year term starts on Saturday, may have to raise rates more often than the three times planned for this year - especially if the U.S. Congress loosens the fiscal purse-strings.
“Dollar weakness is reducing the freedom of the Fed. They're going to become very, very sensitive to any upward surprise in growth or wage forecasts. For the rest of the world, it's largely the opposite,” Kapteyn said.
WASHINGTON The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said on Thursday it had settled charges against two former traders for Citigroup Global Markets Inc, a unit of Citigroup Inc (C.N), for spoofing in U.S. Treasury futures markets.
Under separate orders, Stephen Gola agreed to pay a $350,000 civil penalty and Jonathan Brims a $200,000 penalty, and both were banned from trading for six months for spoofing — bidding or offering with the intent to cancel the bid or offer before execution, the CFTC said in a statement. (bit.ly/2nDZRp1)
(Reporting by Tim Ahmann; Writing by Eric walsh)
May 2 T2 Biosystems Inc
* T2 Biosystems reports first quarter 2017 results and corporate update
* Q1 loss per share $0.48
* Q1 revenue $941,000
* Sees Q2 revenue $100,000
* Q1 revenue view $2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.46 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* T2 Biosystems Inc- Company anticipates total operating expenses for Q2 of 2017 to be between $12.3 million and $12.9 million
* T2 Biosystems Inc- Company anticipates continued growth of product revenue in Q2 of 2017 from an increase in T2candida panel sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
NEW YORK, March 30 The sell-off of municipal bonds tied to the bankruptcy filing of Westinghouse Electric Co paused on Thursday as investors reconsidered concerns on the likelihood that construction of four U.S. nuclear power plants hit by billions in cost overruns will be completed.
The four reactors are part of two projects known as V.C. Summer in South Carolina, which is majority-owned by SCANA Corp and Vogtle in Georgia, which is owned by a group of utilities led by Southern Co.
Westinghouse is a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp 6502.T>.
Tax-exempt bonds issued by the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG), which owns 22.7 percent of the Vogtle units, and South Carolina Public Service Authority (Santee Cooper), which owns 45 percent of the V.C. Summer units, reversed a recent slide, albeit in thin trading volumes.
"It could be considered a dead-cat bounce in the market as people are starting to get comfortable with their ability to pay their bonds and it doesn't appear that this is going to lead to a default," said Brett Adlard, municipal strategist at Piper Jaffray in Chicago.
Adlard said there could be near-term weakness in the bonds because of headline risks, but there is a slow realization that there are underlying strengths, such as Santee Cooper's flexibility to raise electricity rates given that the rates are considered low when measured against the rest of the nation.
On Wednesday, SCANA executives told analysts that in the case of the V.C. Summer operations, most of the components are already bought and on site, which employs about 5,000 people.
"The Trump administration, being so pro-jobs, shutting down these two large nuclear plants would look like a negative from their goal," Adlard said, adding that Westinghouse's involvement in military operations makes this a national security interest."
MEAG's 6.637 percent bond maturing in 2057 saw improvement with the yield spread over the benchmark MMD yield curve narrowing by 4.5 basis points to 285.7 basis points. However, over the last 10 trading days, spreads are wider by a significant 26.9 basis points, according to Thomson Reuters data..
Santee Cooper's 5 percent bond maturing in 2028 improved on Thursday with the yield spread narrowing by 16.7 basis points to 95.1 basis points. That is still 35.6 basis points wider over the last 10 trading days. Wider spreads indicate weak performance in a credit.
Costs for the projects have soared due to increased safety demands by U.S. regulators and also due to significantly higher-than-anticipated costs for labor, equipment and components.
"These are fundamentally strong credits, but that said, they have made a lot of investments in these plants and now there is more uncertainty on how much more it is going to cost or how much longer it will take to complete the plants," said John Ceffalio, municipal credit analyst at AllianceBernstein in New York.
"To date, both MEAG and Santee Cooper have had a lot of political support. We question how strong that support will be going forward given additional costs and delays," they said. (Reporting by Daniel Bases; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
A police officer walks past a logo of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) during a governing council meeting of the Indian Premier League (IPL) at BCCI headquarters in Mumbai April 26, 2010. REUTERS/Arko Datta/File Photo
MUMBAI The Indian board (BCCI) will consider a further increase in salaries for its contracted players after leading cricketers expressed dissatisfaction with the pay raise announced last month.
The world's richest cricket board doubled salaries for the 2016-17 season and improved match fees across all three formats for its 32 centrally contracted players, placed in three categories.
However, the new pay package did not meet the demands of the players, who have been pushing for a revamped compensation structure, according to local media reports.
Vinod Rai, who heads the Supreme Court-appointed Committee of Administrators to supervise the running of the BCCI, met national captain Virat Kohli on Wednesday to discuss the issue.
"Since the 2016-17 contracts are already done, we will certainly consider the players' request for a hike in the upcoming season," Rai, the former comptroller and auditor general of India, told the Times of India newspaper.
"We have heard the players and we will come out with a solution within two months."
Under the revised terms, players in the uppermost 'A' bracket have been put on a retainer of 20 million rupees (about $307,000) for the period ending on Sept. 20, up from 10 million rupees last season.
The figure was still well short of the 700,000 pounds ($873,950) contracts for leading England players Alastair Cook and Joe Root, according to media reports, or the A$1.12 million ($844,704) retainer for Australia captain Steve Smith.
Top Indian players also receive a match fee for each international appearance and many benefit from the lucrative Indian Premier League (IPL), but cricketers like Cheteshwar Pujara, who do not have an IPL contract, miss out.
Former India captain Ravi Shastri recently backed the demand for more money, terming the 20 million rupees retainer for top players as 'peanuts' and said the board should ensure that test representatives were handsomely rewarded.
"We don't need an intermediary to deal with Indian players," Rai said, adding they have spoken to other players and asked India's head coach Anil Kumble to make a presentation on their demand for a revamped structure.
"I met Virat apart from other cricketers and heard their concerns on various issues relating to the game. The board would look into it and make appropriate arrangements in future."
($1 = 64.99 Indian rupees, 0.8010 pounds, A$1.3259)
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by John O'Brien)
FILR PHOTO: The London Stock Exchange is seen in the City of London April 11, 2011. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Shares of London Stock Exchange Group shares rose as much as 3.6 percent in a spike in volumes in the minutes following the EU's decision to block its merger with Deutsche Boerse with traders citing talk that a possible counteroffer from a U.S.-based exchange may emerge.
EU antitrust regulators vetoed the proposed 29 billion euro (25.17 billion pounds) merger between Deutsche Boerse and the LSE saying the combination would have created a de facto monopoly in the markets for clearing fixed income securities.
The risk that regulators block the deal rose significantly after the LSE decline to sell its MTS Italian trading platform which would have allayed concerns.
In a statement following the EU decision, the LSE said its proposed sale of LCH SA to Euronext N.V. will also be terminated and the company would initiate a 200 million pound share buyback.
LSE shares were last off their highs but still up more than 2 percent. Euronext shares were up 0.6 percent to a day high while Deutsche Boerse shares were up 0.4 percent.
(Reporting by Alasdair Pal, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif., March 30 Opening round play at the LPGA's first major of the season was suspended by high winds on Thursday at Mission Hills Country Club.
Winds of 25 miles per hour (40 kph) and gusts of 35 mph were blowing when play at the ANA Inspiration was halted at 3:16 p.m. PT (2216 GMT) with players allowed to finish their holes before being taken back to the clubhouse.
The suspension was being treated as temporary, although some forecasts had predicted winds reaching 60 mph in the California desert area.
Karine Icher of France had the early clubhouse lead after firing a five-under-par 67 in the morning wave.
American Michelle Wie and South Koreans Ryu So-yeon, Park Sung-hyun and 17-year-old amateur Seong Eun-jeong were a further shot back. (Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Frank Pingue)
March 31 Merger and acquisitions involving Asian companies fell 39 percent in the first quarter of 2017 to $176 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years and highlighting a sharp pull back in overseas deals by Chinese firms. A $23 billion tie-up between India's Idea Cellular controlled by the Aditya Birla Group, and the Indian business of Vodafone Group, was the biggest deal in Asia Pacific in the January-March quarter. Morgan Stanley was the top adviser in Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, followed by Goldman Sachs and UBS , according to the Thomson Reuters league table data. Top 10 advisers by deal value: --------------------------------------------------- Financial Deal value Market No. Of adviser (including share (in deals net debt, %) $ million) Morgan Stanley 24,162.9 13.7 24 Goldman Sachs 20,791.7 11.8 20 UBS 18,816.8 10.7 12 Rothschild 18,561.3 10.6 14 Bank of 15,360.8 8.7 9 America Merrill Lynch Kotak Mahindra 13,062.6 7.4 4 Bank Robey Warshaw 13,000.4 7.4 2 Axis Capital 11,627.3 6.6 1 Veda Capital 6,014.9 3.4 12 JPMorgan 4,739.9 2.7 5 -------------------------------------- Top 10 advisers by total fees earned Bank Fees ($ Fees mln) (%)(up/dow n) Morgan Stanley 40.0 -36.7 Industrial & 37.0 -15.2 Commercial Bank of China Credit Suisse 31.5 -28.8 Evercore 30.8 2,074.5 Partners UBS 21.6 -44.5 Bank of 20.8 -17.3 America Merrill Lynch Goldman Sachs 16.3 -49.6 CITIC 15.7 404.0 CBRE Holdings 10.4 186.5 China 9.7 -73.3 International Capital (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Unipec oil, gas volume reach 370 million T in 2016
* Trade volumes rise 10 pct annually since 2011
* U.S. crude shipments, new Africa assets to boost trade
By Florence Tan
SINGAPORE, March 28 Unipec, a unit of Asia's largest refiner Sinopec, expects its oil and gas turnover volumes to grow by 10 percent for the sixth year in 2017 as it vies for the top trading spot with Vitol, the world's biggest independent oil trader.
The trading unit's growth will come from expanded storage and logistics capability, including new assets in South Africa, and rising shipments of U.S. crude to Asia, said a Unipec senior official who declined to be named due to company policy.
"Our trade volume has been growing at 10 percent a year since 2011," the official said. "This year we're also expecting a 10 percent growth as we have increased our storage capacity and enlarged our global logistics capability."
Unipec's trade volumes for crude, oil products and LNG reached 370 million tonnes (2.7 billion barrels) of oil equivalent in 2016 with revenue of more than $100 billion, the official said.
The volumes claimed by the Unipec official - most of which are supplied to Sinopec refineries - exceed Vitol's reported trade turnover in barrels, but the Chinese trading unit's revenues do not appear to beat the Swiss trader's income.
Vitol said on Friday its crude oil and product trading rose to 2.60 billion barrels last year, or more than 7 million barrels per day (bpd), bringing in $152 billion.
Sinopec purchased Chevron Corp's South African assets and its subsidiary in Botswana to secure the Chinese state company's first major refinery in Africa.
The assets include a 100,000 bpd oil refinery in Cape Town, a lubricants plant in Durban as well as 820 petrol stations and other oil storage facilities.
Unipec has also seen an increase in its U.S. crude shipments to Asia this year, the official said, as shale oil production increases with improved prices and traders export surplus supplies to meet growing demand in the east.
For LNG, Unipec's trade volumes remained small at just over 2 million tonnes last year, the official said. (Reporting by Florence Tan; Editing by Tom Hogue)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A Russian man accused of operating a network of infected computers used by cyber criminals has been extradited to the United States from Spain and will make an initial court appearance on Friday, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
U.S. prosecutors said Peter Levashov, 37, ran the Kelihos botnet, a network of more than 100,000 infected devices used by cyber criminals to distribute viruses, ransomware, phishing emails and other spam attacks.
Levashov denies the charges in an eight-count indictment handed down by a federal grand jury in Connecticut in April.
Levashov, who fought the extradition, told Spain's High Court in September that they had worked for Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party for the last 10 years, Russia's RIA news agency reported.
They told the court that investigators in the United States would torture them for information about their political work if they were sent there to face the charges, RIA said.
Levashov was charged by U.S. prosecutors with causing intentional damage to a protected computer and wire fraud, which carry a potential prison sentence of up to 52 years if they are convicted at trial.
They were arrested while on holiday in Barcelona last April and in October, Spain's High Court granted a U.S. request to extradite him. Levashov was scheduled to appear in court in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the Justice Department said.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba/NEW DELHI India will exempt Canada for three months from its policy that so-called pulse crops such as peas and lentils must be fumigated with methyl bromide to kill insects before leaving the country of origin, the Canadian government said on Thursday.
The move resolves for now a disagreement that threatened C$1.1 billion ($827.5 million) in annual trade.
Sources in India said the exemption applies to all countries and crops, but Canada, as the biggest pulse exporter, was affected most. The Indian government could not be immediately reached for confirmation.
Canada is the world's biggest exporter of pulse crops, a popular protein source in India, the world's largest importer. Exporters include Glencore Plc agriculture unit Viterra Inc [VILC.UL] and AGT Food and Ingredients Inc.
The exemption, extending one that was due to expire on Friday, will allow Canada to continue shipping to India protein-rich pulse crops without fumigating with the ozone-depleting gas. Its use is restricted in Canada.
The exemption applies to shipments that leave Canada on or before June 30.
India's fumigation policy is aimed at preventing the import of pests, but Indian agricultural analysts see this as a non-tariff barrier to curb imports and support local prices, especially when New Delhi has surplus stocks of pulses and a new wheat harvest is under way.
Canadian exporters have said that sales to India dried up in the past month due to uncertainty.
That uncertainty continues and will limit Canadian sales to India for delivery in July and later, said Gord Bacon, chief executive of industry group Pulse Canada.
"We have the same situation that we had" leading up to the March 31 deadline, they said.
Even so, Canadian exporters have found ways around India's policy, by sending crops due to arrive after the exemption expires to other ports for fumigation before landing in India, said Chuck Penner, analyst at LeftField Commodity Research in Winnipeg.
"In the end, there was a lot more smoke than fire in this whole event," Penner said.
Canadian industry and government officials are looking for a long-term solution, Bacon said, and are awaiting a response from New Delhi to a case it made in India this month. Canada contends that cold winters kill the pests India is concerned about and any live insects found in shipments are fumigated in Canada with other gases.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Matthew Lewis)
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 3 (Gracenote) - Results from the Monterrey Open Women's Singles Round 1 matches on Monday 3-Caroline Garcia (France) beat Renata Zarazua (Mexico) 4-6 6-2 6-3 Donna Vekic (Croatia) beat Patricia Tig (Romania) 6-4 6-1 Naomi Broady (Britain) beat Catherine Bellis (U.S.) 7-6(7) 6-4 Julia Boserup (U.S.) beat Nao Hibino (Japan) 6-0 6-2 2-Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova (Russia) beat Tatjana Maria (Germany) 6-1 6-3
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
May 2 Tianjin Songjiang Co Ltd
* Says share trade to resume on May 3
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2p1i25y
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
(This story is withdrawn and a substitute story will be published soon)
LONDON/WASHINGTON, April 28 The story headlined "London terrorism suspect was on Gaza flotilla ship in 2010 - sources" published on April 28 is withdrawn and a substitute story will be published soon.
The story has been withdrawn because Reuters sources were unable to confirm their initial information that Khalid Omar Ali was aboard the Mavi Marmara in May 2010. STORY_NUMBER: L8N1I07PP STORY_DATE: 28/04/2017 STORY_TIME: 1704 GMT
Aug 13 (Reuters) - GULF NORTH AFRICA HOLDING CO
* GETS FINAL OFFER FROM GFH FOR CO'S ENTIRE STAKE IN GATEWAY TO MOROCCO FOR $2.2 MILLION
* AS PART OF OFFER, CO WILL GET SHARES WORTH $2.2 MILLION IN GFH AT $0.95 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Smog surrounds The Shard and St Paul's Cathedral in London, Britain, April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
LONDON Britain's greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions fell by 6 percent in 2016 compared with 2015 levels, largely due to a decline in coal-fired power generation and marking the fourth straight yearly drop, preliminary government data showed on Thursday.
Output of the heat-trapping gases in Europe's second-largest emitter behind Germany fell to 466 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e), the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) said.
Thursday's data shows Britain's GHG emissions have fallen 42 percent since 1990, meaning it is halfway towards meeting a legally binding target to cut its GHG emissions by 2050 to 80 percent below 1990 levels.
A breakdown of the 2016 figures showed emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), the main greenhouse gas blamed for climate change, dropped 7 percent to 374 million tonnes.
Energy-sector CO2 emissions fell by 18.7 percent as coal-fired power production fell, and was replaced by low carbon renewables such as wind and biomass plants which burn wood pellets instead of coal.
Britain plans to close all coal-fired power stations by 2025 unless they are fitted with technology to capture and store carbon emissions.
Britain has reaffirmed its commitment to the international Paris Agreement climate pact since United States president Donald Trump this week began undoing Obama-era plans for deep cuts in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.
"The UK government's commitment to tackling global climate change is as strong as ever. We play a leading role internationally and we are delivering on our commitments," a spokesperson for BEIS said.
Under the 2015 Paris Agreement, governments pledged to limit a rise in average temperatures to "well below" two degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial times, to stave off the worst effects of climate change such as droughts and rising sea levels.
(Reporting By Susanna Twidale; Editing by David Evans and Edmund Blair)
BRUSSELS Europe's top court will begin a landmark case on Thursday which could determine whether luxury goods companies can stop retailers from selling their products via marketplaces such as Amazon or eBay.
Owners of luxury brands have been fighting with online retailers for the last decade, arguing that they should have the right to choose who distributes their products to protect their luxury image and exclusivity.
Online platforms dispute this, saying that such restrictive distribution deals are anti-competitive and hurt consumers.
The dispute is in the spotlight now because of the European Commission's push for more cross-border online sales to boost growth and jobs, and catch up with the United States and Asia.
The case before the Luxembourg-based Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ) concerns German company Coty, a subsidiary of U.S. beauty products maker Coty Inc, which wants to stop a retailer from selling its goods on online marketplaces such as Amazon.
Coty says this breaches its agreement with the retailer which prohibits the sale of its products via third parties. The case originally went to a court in Germany which subsequently asked the ECJ for guidance.
The EU court's ruling will be crucial because more and more companies, and not just luxury brands, are seeking to curb sales of their products online, Thomas Graf, a partner at law firm Cleary Gottlieb, said.
"The case may matter for some products, like luxury products, more. But it has general implications because it deals with the conditions that suppliers can define for selling via online channels, such as marketplaces," Graf said.
"Several of the cases that have come up in Germany for example involved school bags."
Lobby group Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA), whose members include Amazon, eBay, Facebook, Google, Rakuten and Yahoo, agreed that the problem was a broader one than just luxury good companies protecting their turf.
"We do not consider this to be a 'fight' with or against luxury brands," CCIA director Jakob Kucharczyk, said.
"This issue is far more relevant because online marketplace bans are imposed with respect to a range of day-to-day, mass market products which makes them anti-competitive and unjustifiable. That's the real problem, not a handful of high-end luxury brands that don't use outside distributors," they said, without giving any examples.
A court adviser is expected to give a non-binding recommendation in about six months, followed by the court judgment a few months later.
The case is C-230 Coty Germany.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee. Editing by Jane Merriman)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
NEW YORK, April 3 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Mayors globally are increasingly adopting measures to slash greenhouse gas emissions because it makes them popular with voters, former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg said on Monday.
Days after U.S. President Donald Trump dismantled countrywide climate-change policies, Bloomberg said mayors are going beyond national government regulations to reduce greenhouse gases blamed for global warming for political gain. "This is not ethics, this is politics. That's the real world," they told the Sustainable Energy for All Forum in New York. "Elected officials want publicity so they can be re-elected and keep their jobs," they said at the three-day event. "It's become fashionable."
Bloomberg, who was New York City mayor from 2002 to 2013, co-chairs the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a group of more than 7,400 cities in 119 countries formed to swap information on such goals as developing clean energy.
Cities are responsible for an estimated 75 percent of carbon emissions contributing to climate change and consume 70 percent of global energy, according to the United Nations Environment Programme.
National authorities, in comparison, had historically played a "relatively unimportant" role in coming up with measures to curb greenhouse gas emissions, particularly in the United States, Bloomberg said.
Nearly 200 nations reached a global climate pact in 2015 at a diplomatic conference held in Paris, with about three quarters signatories having ratified the pact.
But Trump's promise during their campaign to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement has recently forced U.N. officials to defend its momentum.
The Trump administration also signed an order last week to undo climate change regulations put in place by the previous administration in a move to support the coal industry. Trump has dismissed human-made climate change as a hoax during their campaign.
But Bloomberg said the leadership of the United States in fighting climate change remained robust as cities were stepping in to slow global warming amid political gridlock at the federal government level.
"For the foreseeable future our federal government is basically polarized and immobilized and they're not going to do anything, that's the bad news," they said.
"The good news is that it probably means they'll stay out of the way." (Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
(Corrects currency in headline to dollars from pounds)
April 6 BP Plc:
* Says CEO Bob Dudley's 2016 total remuneration, including pension was $11.6 million versus $19.4 million in 2015
* CEO Bob Dudley's 2016 annual bonus was $2.5 million vs. $4.2 million in 2015
* Bob Dudley's deferred bp share component of 2016 annual bonus was $848,000
* The salary for the group chief executive Dudley will remain at $1.854 million for 2017
* Says CFO Brian Gilvary total remuneration for 2016 at 4.2 million pounds versus 5.1 million pounds in 2015
* From 2017, level of bonus paid for an 'on-target' score will be reduced by 25 pct
* From 2017, the proportion of annual bonus that must be deferred into shares will be increased from 33 pct to 50 pct
* Executive directors have voluntarily agreed the extension of vesting periods for certain legacy share awards as a transitional approach to the new policy
* From 2017, deferred shares will no longer be matched with additional shares
* From 2017, will operate only two incentive plans – a short-term annual bonus and a long-term performance share plan
* From 2017, maximum CEO longer-term incentives will be reduced from seven times salary to a maximum of five times salary
* Expected that Bob Dudley and Brian Gilvary will maintain a shareholding of at least 250 percent of salary for two years following retirement
* Committee believes that the relative reserves replacement ratio measure does not fit with the group's strategic focus on 'value over volume'
* 2016 proved rrr for exploration, including impact of Abu Dhabi Onshore Oil Concession Renewal, was 96 pct for subsidiaries, equity-accounted entities (2015 33 pct)
* 2016 proved rrr for exploration, with impact of Abu Dhabi Onshore Oil Concession Renewal, 101 pct for subsidiaries (2015 28 pct),61 pct for equity-accounted entities (2015 76 pct) Source text for Eikon: (on.bp.com/2o62rEB) Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
A man pulls a ticket out from a plastic bucket during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Relatives and friends react as a recruit pulls out a ticket from a plastic bucket during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A military office exams young men during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A transgender puts on make up as they wait to speak to officers during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A military officer puts tape on the arm of a transgender during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A young man (C) reacts after being exempted from military service during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, rides on a motorcycle with their friends after an army draft at Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, works after an army draft at their shop near Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, uses their mobile phone with their friends after an army draft at their home near Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, (C), queues with young men to speak to officers during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, (C), waits along with other men for a health examination during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A transgender waits for a health examination during an army draft held at a school in Klong Toey, the dockside slum area in Bangkok, Thailand, April 5, 2017. Picture taken April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BANGKOK A group of young transgender Thais sits together in women's clothes behind rows of men, waiting for military officers to call their names and decide whether they must be drafted as soldiers.
"I was born male, so I must be here, as duty calls," said Kanphitcha Sungsuk, 21, in a cream-coloured dress, holding up a mirror to check their make-up and long black hair.
Thailand is widely seen as a paradise for gay and transgender people, but many complain of being treated as second-class citizens and the obligation to respond to the draft can be a nightmare when they turn 21.
"Most are stressed and worried that they will be undressed, stared at, or humiliated in public," said Jetsada Taesombat, executive director of the Thai Transgender Alliance for Human Rights.
"Some are so stressed out they want to commit suicide to avoid conscription."
Every April, Thai men who turn 21 must either volunteer to serve for six months or take their chances in a lottery, where a choice of black ticket lets them go home but a red ticket means they must serve for two years.
A conscript's death following a beating by soldiers this week highlights the brutality of army life that many men want to avoid. Conscription can also mean serving in the south, where Muslim Malay separatists are fighting an insurgency.
Exemptions are made for those who are physically or mentally incapable. They are also made for trangender women, but only if they can prove that they are not faking it.
A doctor takes them to a private room, or behind a wall, to see whether they have breasts or have undergone a sex change.
Those with physical alterations, who show "gender identity disorder", are exempt from the draft and need never return, but those who have not undergone such changes must return for up to two more years, unless an army hospital certifies they have the "disorder".
Transgender women say the reference to a disorder stigmatises them, although the army has softened its description from the previous "permanent mental disorder" and says it has improved the way they are treated.
"The army is instructed to treat and respect transgender women as women," said Lieutenant Colonel Ongard Jamdee, who is in charge of a recruitment centre in Pasi Charoen, Bangkok.
Transgender women figure on television, in beauty pageants and at hair salons and cosmetics counters in Thailand. But they cannot change the gender designation on their identity papers, despite a 2015 law against gender-based discrimination.
Some transgender women told Reuters they had been told to leave women's toilets so as to not "frighten" women.
"Society looks on and thinks we are accepted, but it's actually not so," said Khwan Suphalak, 23, adding that hotels had barred their entry over their gender. "We're always treated differently."
(Additional reporting by Jutarat Skulpichetrat; Writing by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; Editing by Matthew Tostevin; and Clarence Fernandez)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Dec 10 (Reuters) - EDITA FOOD INDUSTRIES:
* SIGNS MOU WITH MOROCCO‘S DISLOG GROUP TO INCORPORATE EDITA FOOD INDUSTRIES-MOROCCO‍​ TO MANUFACTURE AND DISTRIBUTE EDITA‘S PRODUCTS
* TERMS OF AGREEMENT STIPULATE THAT EDITA WILL BE MAJORITY OWNER OF THE VENTURE WITH 51 PERCENT STAKE
* COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS WILL BEGIN IN EARLY 2018 WITH EXPORTS OF EDITA'S PRODUCTS TO MOROCCO‍​
* SECOND STAGE WILL ENTAIL ESTABLISHMENT OF MANUFACTURING FACILITY IN 2019 WITH INITIAL INVESTMENT ESTIMATED AT AROUND $10 MILLION Source:(bit.ly/2A8c7C6) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
TOKYO: Japan has posted its longest economic expansion in over a decade on the back of a pickup in household and company spending, data showed Monday.
The country's Gross Domestic Product grew by 1.0 percent in the April-June period, marking the sixth straight winning quarter in the longest string of gains since 2006.
The world's number three economy has been picking up steam, mainly on the back of a surging exports including smartphones parts and memory chips, with investments linked to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics also giving growth a boost.
But the latest GDP figures — which translate into a whopping 4.0 percent annualised growth rate — were driven by robust domestic demand and capital spending, which offset a quarterly decline in exports.
Private consumption picked up 0.9 percent in the second quarter. Individual spending accounts for more than a half of Japan's GDP.
The second quarter growth blew past market expectations for a 0.6 percent rise, according to figures from the Cabinet Office. It was well up from a 0.4 percent expansion in January-March GDP.
The labour market is tight and business confidence is high but efforts to lift inflation have fallen flat despite years of aggressive monetary easing by Japan's central bank.
The latest reading nonetheless means Japan's economy has had its best string of gains since the tenure of popular former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi.
Monday's figures are good news for the current prime minister Shinzo Abe — whose brief and underwhelming first term as Japan's premier came directly after Koizumi.
A string of short-term leaders followed Abe's first term before they swept back to power in late 2012 on a pledge to reignite Japan's once-booming economy with a plan dubbed Abenomics.
The scheme — a mix of huge monetary easing, government spending and reforms to the economy — stoked a stock market rally and fattened corporate profits.
‘Tailwind for Abenomics'
Some critics have cast doubt on the plan, as heavily indebted Japan grapples with low birthrates and a shrinking labour force.
Abe has seen their public support ratings plummet in the past few months over an array of political troubles, including allegations of favouritism to a friend in a business deal.
“This is a good result and tailwind for Abenomics,” Shinke Yoshiki, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute, said of Monday's data release.
“Consumption and corporate investment are particularly strong, a result of brisk corporate earnings and improved business confidence.”
In a commentary, Barclays said: “The strength of private consumption reflects an improvement in employment and income conditions (eg, drop in unemployment, four consecutive years of increasing base pay), but likely also such factors as favourable weather during that period.”
Still, wages have not been rising enough to kickstart tepid inflation, and few analysts expect the same kind of growth next quarter.
“Japan's structural problems have not changed: ageing population, decreasing working age population, deteriorating fiscal conditions,” said Junko Nishioka, chief economist of Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp.
Japan has been struggling to defeat years of deflation and slow growth that followed the collapse of an equity and property market bubble in the early nineties.
The Bank of Japan, aiming to create two-percent inflation as a key part of Tokyo's growth bid, now expects to reach that goal by sometime in the year to March 2020 — four years later than planned.
Falling prices can discourage spending by consumers, who will postpone purchases until prices drop more or look to save money instead.
That puts pressure on businesses, creating a cycle in which firms then cut back on expanding production, hiring new workers or boosting wages.
São Paulo, April 5 A body of Brazil's tax audit council overruled on Wednesday an appeal presented by exchange and clearinghouse firm BM&FBovespa SA related to the booking of goodwill amortizations dating back to 2008.
In a securities filing, BM&FBovespa said that, once all ongoing legal processes taking place at Carf - as the tax auditing council is known - are finalized, it plans to take the case to Brazilian courts. The value of fines implied in the case was around 1.18 billion reais ($381 million) at the end of last year, the filing said.
($1 = 3.0943 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal)
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
During the four-day Diwali carnival, from October 7-10, all Nissan and Datsun dealerships will stay open for nearly 100 hours
It is an yearly ritual for carmakers to splash out amazing deals to attract customers during the festive period. Japanese carmaker Nissan and its subsidiary, Datsun, have joined the same bandwagon to get their sales numbers up. The duo, under the banner of ‘Biggest Diwali Carnival', will be giving out offers in the form of free insurances, exchange bonuses and cashbacks. On top of those, there are additional discounts for government employees or selected corporate executives. This offer is applicable only for bookings done between October7-10 and delivery of cars within October 2017.
Here are the offers available:
Brand
Model
Finance Offer
Free Insurance Worth
Exchange Bonus
Govt. Employee Discount
Cashback Up To
Total Benefits
Nissan
Terrano
7.99%
Rs 45,000
Rs 30,000
Rs 12,000
Rs 50,000
Rs 1.37 lakh
Sunny
No Offer
Rs 10,000
Rs 30,000
Rs 40,000
Micra
7.99%
Rs 25,000
Rs 20,000
Rs 8,000
Rs 20,000
Rs 73,000
Micra Active
Rs 20,000
Rs 10,000
Rs 6,000
Rs 56,000
Micra Fashion Edition
No Offer
Rs 5,000
Rs 20,000
Rs 25,000
Datsun
GO
7.99% at 95% LTV*
Rs 12,500
Rs 10,000
Rs 5,000
Rs 15,000
Rs 42,500
GO+
Rs 14,000
Rs 10,000
Rs 44,000
redi-GO
Rs 11,000
Rs 10,000
Rs 41,000
redi-GO 1.0
Rs 14,000
No Offer
Rs 34,000
redi-GO Gold Edition
7.99%
No Offer
Rs 20,000
On announcing these offers, Jerome Saigot, head, sales and marketing, Nissan Motor India Pvt. Ltd. (NMIPL) said, “As a customer-first company, Nissan always believes in offering innovative and exciting products, and an outstanding sales and after sales experience for our customers. The attractive benefits we have on offer during the Biggest Diwali Carnival will surely delight car shoppers looking to purchase a Nissan and Datsun car.”
The company has also confirmed that during the four-day period, from October 7-10, all its Nissan and Datsun dealerships across the country will stay open for nearly 100 hours. 100 hours? If we run a simple calculation, four days account for a total of 96 hours. Is Nissan planning to run its dealerships round the clock?
March 31 Vectorite Biomedical Inc:
* Says it will pay no dividend to shareholders for 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/FnCTO1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Researchers have found evidence of poor computer security practices among common, open-source DNA processing programs.
Rapid improvement in DNA sequencing has sparked a proliferation of medical and genetic tests that promise to reveal everything from one's ancestry to fitness levels to microorganisms that live in your gut.
In the study, the team also demonstrates for the first time that it is possible—though still challenging—to compromise a computer system with a malicious computer code stored in synthetic DNA. When that DNA is analyzed, the code can become executable malware that attacks the computer system running the software.
“Even if someone wanted to do this maliciously, it might not work. But we found it is possible.”
So far, the researchers stress, there's no evidence of malicious attacks on DNA synthesizing, sequencing, and processing services. But their analysis of software used throughout that pipeline found known security gaps that could allow unauthorized parties to gain control of computer systems—potentially giving them access to personal information or even the ability to manipulate DNA results.
“One of the big things we try to do in the computer security community is to avoid a situation where we say, ‘Oh shoot, adversaries are here and knocking on our door and we're not prepared,'” says Tadayoshi Kohno, professor at the University of Washington's Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering and coauthor of the paper to be presented August 17 in Vancouver, BC, at the 26th USENIX Security Symposium. More information is available here.
“Instead, we'd rather say, ‘Hey, if you continue on your current trajectory, adversaries might show up in 10 years. So let's start a conversation now about how to improve your security before it becomes an issue,'” says Kohno, whose previous research has provoked high-profile discussions about vulnerabilities in emerging technologies, such as internet-connected automobiles and implantable medical devices.
“We don't want to alarm people or make patients worry about genetic testing, which can yield incredibly valuable information,” says Luis Ceze, coauthor an associate professor at the Allen School. “We do want to give people a heads-up that as these molecular and electronic worlds get closer together, there are potential interactions that we haven't really had to contemplate before.”
In their paper, the researchers offer recommendations to strengthen computer security and privacy protections in DNA synthesis, sequencing, and processing.
The research team identified several different ways that a nefarious person could compromise a DNA sequencing and processing stream. To start, they demonstrated a technique that is scientifically fascinating—though arguably not the first thing an adversary might attempt, the researchers say.
“It remains to be seen how useful this would be, but we wondered whether under semi-realistic circumstances it would be possible to use biological molecules to infect a computer through normal DNA processing,” says coauthor and Allen School doctoral student Peter Ney.
DNA is, at its heart, a system that encodes information in sequences of nucleotides. Through trial and error, the team found a way to include executable code—similar to computer worms that occasionally wreak havoc on the internet—in synthetic DNA strands.
To create optimal conditions for an adversary, they introduced a known security vulnerability into a software program that's used to analyze and search for patterns in the raw files that emerge from DNA sequencing.
When that particular DNA strand is processed, the malicious exploit can gain control of the computer that's running the program—potentially allowing the adversary to look at personal information, alter test results or even peer into a company's intellectual property.
“To be clear, there are lots of challenges involved,” says coauthor Lee Organick, a research scientist in the Molecular Information Systems Lab. “Even if someone wanted to do this maliciously, it might not work. But we found it is possible.”
In what might prove to be a more target-rich area for an adversary to exploit, the research team also discovered known security gaps in many open-source software programs used to analyze DNA sequencing data.
Some were written in unsafe languages known to be vulnerable to attacks, in part because they were first crafted by small research groups who likely weren't expecting much, if any, adversarial pressure. But as the cost of DNA sequencing has plummeted over the last decade, open-source programs have been adopted more widely in medical- and consumer-focused applications.
Researchers at the UW Molecular Information Systems Lab are working to create next-generation archival storage systems by encoding digital data in strands of synthetic DNA. Although their system relies on DNA sequencing, it does not suffer from the security vulnerabilities identified in the present research, in part because the MISL team has anticipated those issues and because their system doesn't rely on typical bioinformatics tools.
Recommendations to address vulnerabilities elsewhere in the DNA sequencing pipeline include:
following best practices for secure software;
incorporating adversarial thinking when setting up processes;
monitoring who has control of the physical DNA samples;
verifying sources of DNA samples before they are processed;
and developing ways to detect malicious executable code in DNA.
“There is some really low-hanging fruit out there that people could address just by running standard software analysis tools that will point out security problems and recommend fixes,” says coauthor Karl Koscher, a research scientist in the UW Security and Privacy Lab. “There are certain functions that are known to be risky to use, and there are ways to rewrite your programs to avoid using them. That would be a good initial step.”
Funding for the work came from the University of Washington Tech Policy Lab, the Short-Dooley Professorship, and the Torode Family Professorship.
Source: University of Washington
UPDATE 4-At least four killed in San Francisco UPS facility shooting -TV news
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 At least four people were killed, including the gunman, when a disgruntled United Parcel Service Inc employee opened fire at a company package sorting hub in San Francisco, two local TV news stations reported.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly speaks at an event entitled ''Home and Away: Threats to America and the DHS Response'' at George Washington University in Washington, D.C., U.S. April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
WASHINGTON The Department of Homeland Security will not target immigrants brought to the United States as children for deportation, despite conflicting statements within the Trump administration, its secretary John Kelly said on Sunday.
Kelly, asked on Sunday morning talk shows to clarify the department's position on the status of these illegal immigrants protected under an Obama-era programme, said the agency is focussed on deporting only dangerous criminals.
“My organisation has not targeted these so-called Dreamers," Kelly told CNN, referring to the name given to those granted protections under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) programme created by Democratic President Barack Obama and extended by Republican President Donald Trump.
"We have many, many more important criminals to go after," they said.
Trump has said Dreamers "have nothing to worry about," but Attorney General Jeff Sessions last week said immigrants who arrived in the United States as children were "subject to being deported."
On Sunday, Sessions walked back their earlier statement.
“I believe that everyone that enters the country unlawfully is subject to being deported; however, we've got -- we don't have the ability to round up everybody and there are no plans to do that," Sessions said on ABC. "But we're going to focus first, as the president has directed us, on the criminal element."
On Feb. 17, Juan Manuel Montes, 23, who had lived in the United States since they were 9, was deported from the border city of Calexico, California, after being questioned by a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officer.
That was the first documented deportation of a Dreamer.
Kelly said in another Sunday interview on CBS that while Dreamers are not being targeted, several of them end up detained by immigration officers as they round up criminals.
"People fall into our hands incidentally that we have no choice in most cases but to go ahead and put in the system," they said.
(Reporting By Valerie Volcovici; additional reporting by DOina Chiacu; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bajaj Holdings And Investment Ltd :
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL SHARE OF PROFIT AFTER TAX OF ASSOCIATES 6.46 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 5.22 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL PAT 2.69 BILLION RUPEES
* DEC QUARTER CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 3.18 BILLION RUPEES
* CONSOL PAT IN DEC QUARTER LAST YEAR WAS 1.24 BILLION RUPEES; CONSOL REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS WAS 2.76 BILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2BOYGqG Further company coverage:
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p10Ih8
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2oSQUu5
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2p4eu32
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2pDvctm
By John Kemp
LONDON, May 2 Hedge funds are losing faith that OPEC can accelerate the rebalancing of the oil market even if the group agrees to extend output cuts when it meets later this month.
Hedge funds and other money managers cut their combined net long position in the three main futures and options contracts linked to Brent and WTI by 139 million barrels in the week to April 25 (tmsnrt.rs/2p10Ih8).
The reduction was one of the largest weekly falls on record, and reverses a cumulative increase of 140 million barrels over the previous three weeks, according to data from regulators and exchanges (tmsnrt.rs/2oSQUu5).
Fund managers are now much less bullish about the outlook for crude oil prices than they were back at the start of the year.
Bullish long positions outnumber bearish short positions by a ratio of 4:1, down from 7:1 at the start of the year and a peak of more than 10:1 in late February (tmsnrt.rs/2p4eu32).
The number of long positions has fallen to the lowest level since before OPEC announced its output agreement on Nov. 30 (tmsnrt.rs/2pDvctm).
At the same time, the number of short positions has been trending higher since late February, despite periodic short-covering rallies.
Fund managers have become less bullish despite increasingly strong indications from OPEC that it will roll over production cuts for another six months.
Traders no longer believe the cuts will be enough to rebalance the market in the second half of the year even if they are extended.
In the three months from the end of November to the end of February, fund managers increasingly bet OPEC's output cuts would work.
An informal understanding between OPEC and the hedge fund community helped boost prices and give oil producers an early payback.
But the continued rise in reported crude stocks and the futures market's failure to switch from contango to backwardation has forced a reassessment.
In addition, the continued rise in shale drilling has created concerns about a big increase in oil production from the United States later in the year.
Since March, hedge fund managers have increasingly wagered OPEC's rebalancing effort will fail, weighing on prices.
Hedge funds are now less bullish even though prices are lower, which shows how much confidence in the OPEC/non-OPEC accord has fallen.
Simply announcing OPEC and non-OPEC compliance figures and an extension of the agreement is no longer enough.
Traders and fund managers are demanding evidence the agreement is working in the form of a reduction in reported stockpiles and a cut in tanker exports.
Crude stocks typically fall during the third quarter owing to the summer driving season in the United States and an increase in direct crude burning in Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
Traders and fund managers will likely evaluate OPEC's extended agreement on whether stocks fall more than normal this year and if crude loadings in the Middle East Gulf actually drop between June and September.
(Editing by David Evans)
The NBC and Comcast logo are displayed on top of 30 Rockefeller Plaza, formerly known as the GE building, in midtown Manhattan in New York July 1, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
WASHINGTON Comcast Corp, Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc said Friday they would not sell customers' individual internet browsing information, days after the U.S. Congress approved legislation reversing Obama administration era internet privacy rules.
The bill would repeal regulations adopted in October by the Federal Communications Commission under former President Barack Obama requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
The easing of restrictions has sparked growing anger on social media sites.
"We do not sell our broadband customers' individual web browsing history. We did not do it before the FCC's rules were adopted, and we have no plans to do so," said Gerard Lewis, Comcast's chief privacy officer.
They added Comcast is revising its privacy policy to make more clear that "we do not sell our customers' individual web browsing information to third parties."
Verizon does not sell personal web browsing histories and has no plans to do so in the future, said spokesperson Richard Young.
Verizon privacy officer Karen Zacharia said in a blog post Friday the company has two programs that use customer browsing data. One allows marketers to access "de-identified information to determine which customers fit into groups that advertisers are trying to reach" while the other "provides aggregate insights that might be useful for advertisers and other businesses."
Republicans in Congress Tuesday narrowly passed the repeal of the rules with no Democratic support and over the objections of privacy advocates.
The vote was a win for internet providers such as AT&T Inc, Comcast and Verizon. Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules.
The White House said Wednesday that President Donald Trump plans to sign the repeal of the rules, which had not taken effect.
Under the rules, internet providers would have needed to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children's information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing. Websites do not need the same affirmative consent.
Some in Congress suggested providers would begin selling personal data to the highest bidder, while others vowed to raise money to buy browsing histories of Republicans.
AT&T says in its privacy statement it "will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose. Period." In a blog post Friday, AT&T said it would not change those policies after Trump signs the repeal.
Websites and internet service providers do use and sell aggregated customer data to advertisers. Republicans say the rules unfairly would give websites the ability to harvest more data than internet providers.
Trade group USTelecom CEO Jonathan Spalter said in an op-ed Friday for website Axios that individual "browser history is already being aggregated and sold to advertising networks - by virtually every site you visit on the internet."
This week, 46 Senate Democrats urged Trump not to sign the bill, arguing most Americans "believe that their private information should be just that."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Lisa Shumaker)
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview with Croatian newspaper Vecernji List in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
BEIRUT Syrian President Bashar al-Assad said an alleged poison gas attack blamed on their government last week in Idlib province was "100 percent fabrication" used to justify a U.S. air strike, news agency AFP reported on Thursday.
Syria's military had given up all its chemical weapons in 2013 after an agreement made at the time, and would not have used them anyway, AFP quoted Assad as saying in an interview.
The United States and its allies say the Syrian military carried out the Idlib attack, something Syria has already denied.
The April 4 attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun killed scores of people and prompted the United States to launch a cruise missile strike on a Syrian air base in response, its first direct assault on the Assad government in the six-year-old conflict.
Assad said Syria would only allow an "impartial" investigation into the poison gas incident. On Wednesday Damascus ally Russia vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution to condemn the attack and push the Syrian government to cooperate with investigators.
Russia said the gas was part of rebel stockpiles, which the rebels have denied.
It was the deadliest such incident since a sarin gas attack killed hundreds of people in a rebel-held suburb of Damascus in 2013, prompting threats of U.S. military action.
Samples taken from Khan Sheikhoun last week tested positive for the nerve agent sarin, the British delegation at the global chemical weapons watchdog OPCW said on Thursday.
(Reporting by John Davison, Michael Georgy, Ellen Francis, additional reporting by Paris bureau, editing by Angus MacSwan)
A Boston woman, whom police haven't identified, found a bloody and severed goat head on their car, along with a picture of themselves tucked under a windshield while they walked their dog, police say. They drove to the police station with the head still on the car. Screenshot from WBZ
MILAN, March 31 Italian state fund Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP) said on Friday 2016 net profit rose 86 percent to 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion) pushed by a higher net interest income.
The result comes as good news for the Italian Treasury which owns 83 percent of the state lender and pockets generous dividends from it.
According to a source with knowledge of the matter, CDP booked writedowns on its real estate portfolio and its investment in banking industry rescue fund Atlante.
CDP's role in Italy's industrial policy has grown rapidly since the appointment of top bankers Claudio Costamagna and Fabio Gallia at its helm in 2015.
Under the new managers, CDP supported the creation of Atlante with a 500 million euro investment. The rescue fund was hastily set up a year ago with money from Italian banks and insurers to support troubled banks.
The state agency has also spent 900 million euros to buy a stake in oil service group Saipem. ($1 = 0.9363 euros) (Reporting by Francesca Landini, editing by Valentina Za)
STOCKHOLM, April 28 Home appliance maker Electrolux reported a bigger than expected rise in first-quarter operating earnings on Friday and said it was stepping up cost efficiency measures in the face of mounting headwinds from rising raw material prices.
The Swedish company also stood by its outlook for markets in both Europe and North America.
The company said operating earnings rose to 1.54 billion Swedish crowns ($174.26 million) from a year-ago 1.27 billion to come in ahead of a mean forecast of 1.33 billion in a poll of analysts. ($1 = 8.8374 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Niklas Pollard and Johannes Hellstrom)
American economist Joseph Stiglitz: The wealth of the richest eight people is equivalent to the wealth of the poorer half of the world.
Dubai: Widening gap in social inequality has adversely affected the performance of the US economy, a US economist has said.
American economist Joseph Stiglitz, professor at Columbia University and author of many of the leading researches on income, growth, economy and education, said the statistical study launched recently by Oxfam International, revealing that the wealth of the richest eight people is equivalent to the wealth of the poorer half of the world, was shocking to many — and a strong witness on the enormous wealth earned by the richest category in the world compared to the crumbs earned by the poor.
Speaking on the topic “Global Economic Governance: Where to?” at the World Government Summit 2017 in Dubai, Professor Stiglitz commented on the current economic conditions in the United States: pensions earned by the working class in the country, is relatively equivalent to same pensions they used to earn 60 years ago.
This means that working groups did not get a real increase in their pensions, resulting in feelings of anger and congestion, which led to the recent presidential election results in the US.
Stiglitz also noted that the data in the United States show a decrease in the average age as a result of the spread of social diseases and rates of suicide and drug addiction.
Stiglitz stressed that social inequality adversely affect the performance of the economy, resulting in a growing political divide in the society, which reduces the volume of investments in infrastructure and basic social services.
Technical advances, more unemployment
On the role of globalisation in such effects, Stiglitz pointed out that globalisation plays a small role in this matter, but technical advances have a much bigger role because they contribute to reducing the demand for unskilled labour and consequently leads to high unemployment rates.
Stiglitz said the rise of populism in the United States came as a result of three factors: the growth of inequality, people's feeling that the ruling system is unfair, especially that the same persons who were directly responsible for the occurrence of the global financial crisis in 2008 were appointed to solve the crisis rather than be held accountable; and, finally, the loss of confidence in the elite layer of society.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump on Friday released details of the personal finances of their staffers late on Friday, including their son-in-law Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka, confirming that they have surrounded themselves with some very affluent advisers.
White House ethics officials said the legally required disclosure documents provided a snapshot of assets and positions held by personnel when they first entered their new jobs at the White House, and before they started selling stocks and other assets that could pose conflicts of interest.
The White House disclosed Gary Cohn, former Goldman Sachs president and now head of the White House National Economic Council, had assets worth at least $230 million (£18..4 million), but possibly much more. Little information was given on several of their assets and only indicated they were worth more than $1 million.
Cohn had income ranging from $48 million to nearly $77 million in the year preceding their engagement in the White House, though it could be much higher.
Jared Kushner's 54-page report – which included most of the assets and income of their wife Ivanka Trump - included scores of assets worth six- and seven-figures.
The New York Times reported that the couple's real estate and investment empire was worth as much as $741 million. Kushner held executive positions with 266 LLCs, corporations, groups and non-profits, which they have resigned from since January.
Democratic lawmakers have expressed concern about potential conflicts of interest for Kushner, who like Trump is a New York real estate developer.
Trump this week officially added their daughter Ivanka to their staff. They had a fashion business and was involved in their father's global real estate development business, but stepped aside from managing the businesses when their father entered the White House.
Senior adviser Steve Bannon's pre-White House bank accounts, real estate and other holdings were valued at between $3.3 million and $12.6 million.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus had assets of between $604,000 and $1.16 million and income of $1.42 million. About $566,000 of their income came from the Republican National Committee and the rest from their partnership in a Milwaukee law firm.
Neither Trump nor Vice President Mike Pence's assets were included in the documents.
Trump has faced questions about conflicts of interest with their hotel and golf course businesses since their election in November. They have handed off control to their two oldest sons, but ethics watchdogs have complained that the arrangements do not go far enough to avoid conflicts, and have urged Trump to divest fully or set up a blind trust for their assets.
COMPLEX ASSETS
Trump, a real estate magnate and television celebrity with no political experience before they were elected president, has brought in some high-net-worth people to advise him.
For example, Reed Cordish, a Baltimore real estate developer before they become Trump's technology adviser, disclosed pre-White House assets of between $92 million and $798 million. They had income of between $48 million and $55 million.
"These are incredibly successful individuals, very high-net worth, very sophisticated complex asset structures, numerous sub LLCs, trusts and other items, all of which have to be worked through," a senior White House ethics official told reporters before the data was released.
Wealthy senior White House staff have to enter into ethics agreements where they agree to resign from positions and divest from assets. Copies of those agreements were not available.
The White House said the independent Office of Government Ethics, which reviews financial disclosures to help executive branch officials avoid conflicts of interest, has classified about 25 percent of Trump White House staffers as having "extremely complex" reports, meaning the filers are very wealthy.
In contrast, only a sliver of the staffers in former Democrat President Barack Obama's White House fell into the "extremely complex" category, according to pie charts released by the White House. No numbers accompanied the charts.
Almost three-quarters of the Obama White House filers had disclosure statements that were rated "simple" or "moderate" while only a third of the Trump filers were in those categories.
Not all of Trump's advisers were gold-plated before joining the government. Peter Navarro, Trump's trade adviser, earned a relatively modest $240,000 from University of California-Irvine, with less than $1,000 in royalties from the book “Death by China” in the past year, and speaking fees from the Casket and Funeral Supply Association and other groups.
Omarosa Manigault, who rose to fame on Trump's reality show the Apprentice and now is a White House adviser, had a modest income under $100,000. The disclosures showed they are a beneficiary of a trust established by their late fiance, actor Michael Clarke Duncan, worth between $1 million and $5 million.
Manigault is currently engaged to a Florida pastor. Forms show they received a wedding dress, veil and accessories worth $25,000 for an appearance on the reality show "Say Yes to the Dress."
(Corrects grammar in paragraph 9.)
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton, Eric Beech, Ayesha Rascoe and Yasmeen Abutaleb; Writing by Bill Trott and Roberta Rampton; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mar 31, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) during a men's singles semi-final in the 2017 Miami Open at Brandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Australia's number two Bernard Tomic will be absent from this week's Davis Cup quarter-finals but the United States will still have a fight on their hands in Brisbane due to the impressive form of Nick Kyrgios, U.S. team captain Jim Courier said.
Kyrgios pushed Roger Federer to the limit in a classic Miami Open semi-final on Friday and beat world number two Novak Djokovic twice in succession in the recent U.S. hardcourt swing.
The 21-year-old firebrand will shoulder Australia's hopes at Brisbane's Pat Rafter Arena, with world number 79 Jordan Thompson retained for the singles while out-of-form Tomic continues their self-imposed exile.
Jack Sock and John Isner are expected to lead off the singles for the U.S. team, who defeated the hosts at Melbourne's Kooyong Lawn Tennis Club in the first round last year.
"Nick has been playing some of the best tennis on tour already this season so he's in great form and should have a lot of confidence," Courier told reporters in Brisbane.
"So we're going to have done something special to beat him.
"He's started off probably not the way they wanted to at the Australian Open, going out early, but since then he's been a house on fire.
"So he's playing right there, I mean, he's right there with Federer, and (Federer) has been the best player this season, so it's impressive."
Kyrgios withdrew from last year's Kooying tie with a virus, leaving their replacement Sam Groth and Tomic to be ground down by the Isner-led United States on a purpose-built grass court at the former Australian Open venue.
Tomic opted out of this year's first round tie against an under-strength Czech Republic at the same venue, where Kyrgios and Thompson combined to lead the hosts to an emphatic 4-1 win.
Tomic, though currently in a dreadful run of form, has an impressive 17-4 record in Davis Cup singles and defeated Sock last year before losing the decisive tie to Isner.
Courier said opposing captain Lleyton Hewitt would miss Tomic's Davis Cup experience.
"He played last time we played down here and was awfully tough on us, so I'm sure it's disappointing for Lleyton and the boys that he's not involved this year," said Courier, whose team thrashed a Federer-less Switzerland 5-0 in the first round.
"But it's not something that we know a whole lot about.
"We know that Jordan Thompson will be ready to battle ... There'll be no easy outs for us."
The United States, who celebrated the last of their 32 Davis Cup titles in 2007, are bidding to reach the semi-finals for the first time since 2012.
A clash against either Italy or seventh-seeded Belgium awaits the winner.
(Editing by Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Aerial view of flooded streets as Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski inspects the floods from a helicopter in Piura, northern Peru, March 28, 2017. Luis Guillen/Presidential Palace/Handout via Reuters
Peru's Minister of Transport and Communications and Vice President Martin Vizcarra talks during an interview with Reuters at their office in Lima, Peru, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Guadalupe Pardo
LIMA Peru needs more international aid to help hundreds of thousands of people cope with continuing floods and mudslides that have killed more than 100 people and torn apart much of the country's infrastructure, the transportation minister said Friday.
Minister Martin Vizcarra told Reuters that the government will likely award reconstruction contracts in August or September, once heavy rains and the current crisis have subsided.
Peruvians displaced by raging rivers and landslides still need bottled water, canned food, tents, toilet paper, medicine and other basics to survive coming months, Vizcarra said.
Peru has distributed 4,000 tonnes of aid so far, most of it donated by Peruvian families and companies and institutions, but another 4,000 tonnes will likely be needed in coming months, Vizcarra said.
Local donations were tapering off as raging rivers and mudslides continue to slam parts of Peru.
"Every family, company has a limit to what it can give," Vizcarra told Reuters in an interview. "But people are going to be in need for a long time. There are families that have nothing."
They noted that Peru prefers goods that could be distributed immediately to cash donations.
A railway used to transport zinc and copper concentrates from mines in central Peru to port will likely take another two weeks to become operative, Vizcarra said.
The government will likely hold public tenders for "packets" of projects - such as bridges needed in a region - to ensure a swift recovery.
So far, more than 200 bridges and more than 2,000 kilometres of highway have been wiped out, Vizcarra said.
Scientists in Peru now expect the localized version of El Nino that appeared suddenly off of Peru's coast this year to stretch into May, though April rains should not be as intense as the downpours still battering the northern coast.
The United States said Thursday that it had allocated more than $775,000 to help Peru, about half of China's donation of $1.5 million to the Andean country.
Economists in Peru have put the cost of reconstruction at more than $6 billion - more than 3 percent of gross domestic product.
(Reporting By Mitra Taj and Marco Aquino; Editing by Eric Meijer)
* March private sector jobs addition top expectations
* Panera Bread jumps after agreeing to $7.16 bln buyout
* Futures up: Dow 48 pts, S&P 4 pts, Nasdaq 1.5 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 5 U.S. stock index futures rose on Wednesday after solid private employment data underscored the strength of the economy, helping partially offset investors' worries on President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their policy plans.
The ADP National Employment report showed 263,000 jobs were added in the U.S. private sector in March, far more than economists' expectation of 187,000.
The report serves as a predecessor to a more comprehensive nonfarm payrolls report due Friday.
The gains in the index futures gains come in a week when U.S. stocks have been trading in a tight range ahead of a highly anticipated meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The meeting, starting Thursday and which Trump expects will be a "very difficult one", is likely to focus on trade between the two countries and reining in North Korea's arms program.
Also weighing on investors' minds is Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and other pro-business promises after recent setbacks in pushing reforms through Congress.
"There is a growing lack of confidence in the administration and that is creating hesitation among investors," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"There are a few uncertainties on earnings, the meeting on Friday with President Xi and the jobs data, which are raising some doubt today."
Wall Street has rallied on Trump's promises, with analysts saying the expectations of tax cuts have been priced in. The lofty market valuations will be in sharp focus with the first-quarter earnings season around the corner.
Dow e-minis were up 48 points, or 0.23 percent at 8:31 a.m. ET, with 21,409 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were up 4 points, or 0.17 percent, with 130,135 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 1.5 points, or 0.03 percent, on volume of 22,711 contracts.
The Federal Reserve will release at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT)the minutes of its March meeting, where it raised interest rates. The minutes could reveal how policymakers view the rate hike trajectory for the year and their thoughts on Trump's policies.
Among the premarket movers on Wednesday were shares of Panera Bread. The stock jumped 13.5 percent to $311.05 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain for $7.16 billion.
Walgreen Boots Alliance slipped 0.8 percent to $81.85 after the drugstore chain operator reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales.
Seeds and agrochemicals company Monsanto was up 1.44 percent at $116.50 after reporting a 28.7 percent jump in quarterly profit. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 29 SIS International Holdings Ltd :
* An originating notice of application was filed with competition tribunal of Hong Kong on March 23
* Applicant alleged that SIS International contravened section 6(1) of competition ordinance
* Applicant seeks orders from competition tribunal, amongst other reliefs, for pecuniary penalty to be imposed on respondents
* Currently seeking legal advice on originating notice and appropriate course of action Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 5 Alderon Iron Ore Corp-
* Alderon's Kami project will generate economic impacts Canada wide, including an estimated $7.6 billion in incomes to workers and businesses and $4.4 billion in federal and provincial government revenues Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
AMSTERDAM Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) said it had reported one of its own biggest shareholders, Elliott Advisors, and its suitor PPG Industries (PPG.N) to regulators for possibly sharing "sensitive" information about shareholders' intentions to call an extraordinary meeting to replace Chairman Antony Burgmans.
It was not clear what rules, if any, the shareholder and PPG might have violated.
Neither Elliott nor PPG has access to non-public information about Akzo, said Leslie McGibbon, a spokesperson for the Dutch paint maker. But since PPG's 24.6 billion euro cash-and-share proposal to take over Akzo, which Akzo's board rejected on March 22, movements in the company's share prices have been linked to varying hopes and fears the PPG bid may succeed or fail.
Elliott Advisors, which holds a 3.25 percent stake in Akzo, said it would respond to Akzo's allegations soon. PPG could not be reached for comment overnight in the United States.
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
(Repeats to fix technical glitch)
By Abhinav Ramnarayan and Helen Reid
LONDON, March 29 The euro, the bloc's government bond yields and banking stocks fell on Wednesday after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers are wary of making any new change to their policy message in April.
Small tweaks at the ECB's meeting earlier this month raised the spectre of a surge in borrowing costs for the bloc's indebted periphery and policymakers are keen to reassure investors that their easy-money policy is far from ending.
"The market was getting ahead of itself by pricing in rate hikes in 2017 and this story has confirmed that view," said Mizuho strategist Antoine Bouvet. "If we're talking about potential hikes it's only in 2018 at the earliest that we can expect this."
Indeed, money markets now no longer fully price in an ECB rate rise next March, while expectations for rate increase in December were scaled back after the ECB report.
The euro sank to a week's low against the dollar on the report, down 0.7 percent to $1.0743. It also hit its lowest in a month at 119.05 yen.
Europe's government bond yields fell broadly, with benchmark German 10-year yields at a three-week low of 0.34 percent, down 4 basis points on the day.
Euro zone banking stocks hit a session low and were last down 0.6 percent. They underperformed the broader euro zone stock market, which was up 0.1 percent.
"If rate expectations move down, banks' net interest income gets pushed down. If you've got lower for longer rates then it's much tougher for banks to make money. People are trading accordingly," said a banking analyst who preferred to remain unnamed.
Euro zone government bond yields have been rising steadily since October on expectations that increased growth and inflation will lead to a change in the ECB's ultra-loose monetary policy stance.
Earlier this month, the ECB said there was no longer a sense of urgency to prop up the euro zone economy, while some officials had raised the prospect of a rate rise before quantitative easing ends.
Peripheral bonds, seen as the most vulnerable to any ECB tightening, also rallied.
Portugal's 10-year government bond yield fell to 3.69 percent, its lowest level since early January. (Additional reporting by John Geddie and Dhara Ranasinghe; Editing by Ken Ferris)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON A senior State Department official firmly rejected Russia's claim on Wednesday that a deadly chemical attack in Syria was caused by a Syrian air strike on an opposition arms depot.
"Russia offers a set of false facts that only it and the Assad regime support," the official said in a statement. "Russia's persistence on this path of obfuscation is as if the rest of the civilized world does not have eyes, ears, or the ability to reach obvious conclusions," the official added.
The U.S. has not yet ascertained whether the chemical used in the attack was sarin nerve gas, the official added. ‎
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Chris Reese)
(Adds background)
BEIRUT, March 29 A bomb blast hit a passenger bus in the government-held city of Homs at noon on Wednesday, killing five people and wounding six, the Syrian state news agency SANA reported.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a British-based war monitor, also said that at least five people were killed in the attack.
SANA's correspondent in Homs said the bombing, which it said was carried out by terrorists, targeted a small passenger bus which was in a street in al-Zahra neighborhood.
The agency quoted the Homs health director as saying the bombing killed 5 people and wounded 6.
Government-held cities have been hit by a series of bombings in recent weeks, including in Homs, where an attack that included blasts and shooting killed dozens of people in February including a senior security official.
Scores of people were killed in suicide attacks in the capital Damascus earlier this month, including twin bombings on March 15 at a central courthouse and a restaurant, and a blast days earlier near an important Shi'ite Muslim shrine.
After some of the attacks in recent weeks the jihadist rebel group Tahrir al-Sham, whose main component is al Qaeda's former Syrian branch Nusra Front, said it had been behind the blasts.
Analysts have predicted that as jihadist rebels fighting to oust President Bashar al-Assad suffer military reverses, they will increasingly turn to guerrilla-style attacks in territory controlled by the government. (Reporting by Angus McDowall, Editing by Catherine Evans and Angus MacSwan)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 6 Smi Holdings Group Ltd
* Kong Dalu was appointed as an executive director of company with effective from 6 april 2017
* Yang Rongbing, currently an executive director, is redesignated as CEO
* Cheng Chi Chung, currently an executive director and chief executive officer of company, is redesignated as chairperson of board
* Allan Yap has been appointed as honorary chairperson of company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
BERLIN (AP) — The head of Germany's domestic intelligence agency says North Korea has used its embassy in Berlin to acquire equipment apparently intended for its missile or nuclear programs.
The comments by BfV agency head Hans-Georg Maassen were released by NDR public television Saturday before a documentary airing next week. Maassen said of the embassy: "We have seen that procurement activities took place from there, from our point of view with a view to the missile program and in part also the nuclear program."
They added that "if we see such things, we prevent them," but it isn't always possible to recognize them and the activities often involve goods usable for either civilian or military purposes.
Pyongyang has faced increasing U.N. sanctions in response to its nuclear and ballistic missile tests.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI Bitauto Holdings Ltd (BITA.N) has raised around $1 billion from Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK), Baidu Inc (BIDU.O) and JD.com Inc (JD.O) to date as it seeks to develop China's largest online car financing platform, its chief told Reuters on Thursday.
William Li, who is also chairperson of electric vehicle startup Nio, did not elaborate on the fundraising.
The investments in Bitauto unit Yixin Capital, the last round completed in August 2016, are aimed at growing its business in online automobile finance and related transactions, a spokesperson said.
Chinese traditionally avoid taking out loans to buy cars, although consultancy Deloitte expects that to change with 50 percent of cars to be bought on credit in China by 2020 as automakers aggressively push financing to increase sales.
In the United States, more than 80 percent of cars are bought on credit.
(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu; Editing by Christopher Cushing and Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
People queue to buy their lunch at a street food shop in Bangkok, Thailand April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
A vendor prepares their deserts at their street food shop in Bangkok, Thailand April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
People queue to buy their lunch at a street food shop in Bangkok, Thailand April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BANGKOK Authorities in Thailand's capital are banishing its world-famous street-food vendors as part of a clean-up drive by the military government, outraging foodies and threatening the livelihoods of the road-side cooks.
Thailand's street-food hawkers whip up tasty delights, from noodles and fried rice to oyster omelettes, in the blink of an eye, often with little more than a gas-cannister kitchen on a cart.
Bangkok is often voted the world's best destination for street food in travel polls. Residents and visitors throng to the makeshift restaurants, often with plastic stools and tiny tables strung out on pavements in almost every neighbourhood.
But that's soon all going to change under an edict aimed at bringing order to the bustling city of some 12 million people.
"We would like the consumers, tourists or even the Thai patrons to be entitled to sanitary food, so far I don't think we have achieved that," Wallop Suwandee, chief adviser to Bangkok's governor, told Reuters.
"We have to check the food preparation," they said. "They shouldn't clean and throw away dirty water into the drainage system."
They said food stalls would be moved off the pavements and some could be relocated to new sites.
The edict has left roadside dessert vendor Chaluay Thongku, 56, wondering how they can re-build a business.
"I disagree with this because I'll have to start all over again," they said.
Food writer Korakot Punlopruksa said vendors were being unfairly treated.
"This is disgraceful and not fair to people ... This is how the city value people? This is how the authorities solve the problem? I don't think so," they wrote in a Facebook post.
The clean-up is part of a wider effort by the military government, which came to power after a 2014 coup, to impose order.
The junta has cracked down on various issues ranging from taxi gangs at airports to prostitution, which is illegal in Thailand, with mostly mixed results.
(Reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Jutarat Skulpichetrat; Writing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre; Editing by Robert Birsel)
NEW YORK, March 30 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A quiet energy revolution is taking place in the homes that light up in the evening in the New York City neighborhoods of Gowanus Canal and Park Slope.
It isn't just power plant electricity that keeps this community lit at night, but also energy generated by neighbors across the street or a few houses away, who send one another their excess production of solar power.
The experiment, called TransActive Grid, aims to soon allow homes and businesses fitted with solar panels and "smart" meters to sell spare electricity to neighbors, rather than simply give it away as they do now.
The change could herald a revolution in the way power is produced and sold not only in New York but potentially across the country and around the world, with roof-mounted solar panels joined to become neighbourhood-controlled power plants.
The idea has inspired a slew of entrepreneurs - from Australia to Finland to South Africa - to launch startups, and caught the attention of large power utilities worldwide.
The prospect of producing, buying and selling locally-generated clean energy is precisely why Gowanus Canal resident Lowell Kaplan hooked up their townhouse to the TransActive Grid earlier this year.
"It's pretty cool," said the 44-year-old father of two. "If I happen to produce extra why not get some local usage out of it? This is the way things should work."
Another 40 or so solar power producers - residential buildings but also businesses and industrial buildings - have also signed up to plug into TransActive Grid's two micro electrical grids, which span a total of about 10 street blocks.
The project is still in its demonstration phase and a relatively small undertaking so far.
But it is fueled by an idea so big it could fundamentally alter the renewable energy landscape in the United States and across the world, said Lawrence Orsini, who heads the New York startup behind the project, LO3 Energy.
Since LO3 Energy engineered the world's first paid transaction between two people producing solar power, in April last year, the energy industry has been abuzz with talk about the internet technology behind the deal: blockchain.
Blockchain first emerged as the system underpinning the digital currency bitcoin. Applied to the energy sector, the shared electronic ledger, with no need for third-party enforcement, enables consumers producing renewable energy to trade excess energy with each other, risk-free.
"Looking at the way the utility grid runs today, and how little it has changed in over the past 100 years, it is just ridiculously antiquated," said Orsini.
"So what we're doing ... is we're taking the meter off the wall, just like we took the phone off the wall."
ELECTRIFYING TIMES
For David Groarke, managing director at Indigo Advisory, a New York-based energy and utilities consulting firm, it's easy to see why the notion of blockchain-backed grids has electrified the industry by changing the ground rules governing who is a seller and a buyer of power.
"To get that right is a multi-decade process," Groarke said in a phone interview.
"But if all the pieces come together, we could see something extraordinary happen."
For one, the multiplication of micro-grids such as New York's TransActive Grid could cut energy losses. In current grids, as electricity travels long distances from power plants to electricity pylons to meters, some power gets lost, they said.
About five percent of the electricity transmitted and distributed in the United States disappears as it crosses long distances, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
Widespread use of autonomous micro-grids also could make communities more resilient to disasters because they could continue operating if broader conventional grids went down, Groarke said.
Current grids are prone to failure when disaster strikes, a weakness that caused more than 8.6 million utility customers to lose power when Hurricane Sandy struck the U.S. Atlantic Coast in 2012.
Such potential has piqued the interest of large utilities worldwide and inspired a slew of startups to try their hand at the market.
In a 2016 survey, German energy agency DENA found more than half of the electricity industry executives who responded to its survey either planned or had already implemented activities with respect to blockchain.
Germany has been one of the most active countries experimenting with blockchain-backed micro-grids, experts say.
Altogether about 40 startups on all continents have been toiling to find innovative ways to marry energy and blockchain, according to Indigo Advisory. In Australia, startup Power Ledger has set up a platform allowing residents of a housing development to trade among themselves solar electricity stored onsite.
And in South Africa, software company Bankymoon has been installing blockchain-backed meters in underfunded schools to let people anywhere on the planet give the schools electricity credits with donations in blockchain-based currencies like bitcoin.
REAL MONEY
Still, one major hurdle stands in the way in the United States: It is illegal for individuals to sell or buy electricity from each other without a utility's involvement.
The sole alternative so far for solar-panel owners like Kaplan - who with their 13 rooftop solar panels expects to generate more power than they need in the fall and spring - has been to sell their surplus to their utility at a retail rate.
The policy, known as net metering, has been adopted by 41 states including New York, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures, which tracks state laws.
Orsini, however, says they are looking into ways to help Kaplan and other members of their micro-grid legally sell their surplus electricity to each other sooner rather than later.
Though declining to discuss in detail exactly how TransActive participants will do that, Orsini said LO3 Energy is looking at three possible options. The system should be fully operational by mid-2017, a LO3 Energy spokesperson said.
"What I will tell you is that when we're ready to actually do the transactions, they will be real transactions. They will be real dollars being traded for real energy, legally," Orsini said. (Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, editing by Laurie Goering; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, women's rights, trafficking, property rights and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
FILE PHOTO: United States Attorney Carmen Ortiz speaks during a press conference at the FBI's Boston Field Office held to appeal to the public for help in returning artwork stolen in 1990 from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston, Massachusetts March 18, 2013. REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi/File Photo
REUTERS/FBI/Handout THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - RTX1NBTE
FILE PHOTO: An unidentified man is seen allegedly being allowed inside the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston, against Museum policy, by a security guard, in a still image taken from security video taken March 17, 1990 and released by the FBI August 6, 2015. REUTERS/FBI/Handout THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. IT IS DISTRIBUTED, EXACTLY AS RECEIVED BY REUTERS, AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - RTX1NBTE
HARTFORD, Conn. An 81-year-old accused mobster who prosecutors believe may hold some of the last remaining clues needed to solve the largest art heist in U.S. history pleaded guilty on Thursday to illegally selling guns, but did not say a word about the missing art.
Robert Gentile admitted to illegally selling a loaded firearm to a convicted killer, the result of what their lawyer calls a Federal Bureau of Investigation sting operation aimed at pressuring them into providing details on paintings stolen from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in March 1990.
The accused mobster, who appeared in Hartford federal court in a wheelchair, wearing an untucked T-shirt and rolled-up khaki pants, made their plea after U.S. District Judge Robert Chatigny first held a hearing to determine if they were competent.
"It's good, it's good. I know what's happening," Gentile told the judge. They also bemoaned the two years they have spent in custody since their 2015 arrest, telling prosecutor John Durham: "You should feel sorry for me and my wife."
Gentile has repeatedly denied knowing the whereabouts of any of the art valued at an estimated $500 million taken in one of the longest unsolved high-profile crimes in Boston and did not address the matter during the hearing.
But during a polygraph test performed as part of the Gardner investigation, Gentile had an intense reaction when they were shown images of the missing paintings, while they remained calm when shown unrelated artwork, according to a law enforcement source briefed on the test.
Gentile's attorney, Ryan McGuigan, disputed the validity of the test. An FBI spokesperson in Connecticut did not respond to a request for comment.
 They are due to be sentenced on Aug. 25, and could face up to almost six years in prison, though McGuigan said they were looking for half that.
The Gardner heist was carried out by two men dressed in police uniforms who apparently overpowered a night security guard who had buzzed them in. None of the 13 stolen artworks, which include Rembrandt's "Storm on the Sea of Galilee," and Vermeer's "The Concert," has been recovered.
At a 2015 hearing, prosecutors said Gentile was secretly recorded telling an undercover FBI agent they had access to at least two of the paintings and could sell them for $500,000 each.
A 2012 search by the FBI of Gentile's home turned up a handwritten list of the stolen art, its estimated value and police uniforms, according to court documents.
(Writing by Scott Malone; editing by Tom Brown, G Crosse)
LONDON, March 28 European shares gained on Tuesday in early deals, boosted by positive results and dealmaking, as stock markets recovered from a sentiment-fuelled dip in the previous session.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.4 percent by 0820 GMT, with banking stocks and basic resources the biggest contributors to gains.
Wolseley was the top European gainer, up 7 percent after the heating and plumbing products supplier posted a 25 percent rise in first-half profit, driven by U.S. growth.
Shares in Portuguese energy firm EDP were up 4.2 percent after it said it launched an offer to buy the 22.47 percent of renewable energy subsidiary EDPR it does not already own.
Dufry was also among top gainers, up 4 percent after a report said Chinese conglomerate HNA was seeking to buy a stake in the Swiss airport retailer.
Booker was among top fallers, down 2.8 percent, after two major Tesco shareholders said they opposed the British retailer's $4.7 billion plan to buy the wholesaler, arguing the deal would destroy value. Shares in Tesco retreated 0.5 percent.
Gambling company Ladbrokes Coral Group fell 1.9 percent after it posted a 22 percent increase in operating profit for 2016 despite paying out heavily on gambler-friendly sports results. (Reporting by Helen Reid)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK, April 3 A coalition of U.S. states and municipalities has begun legal action against President Donald Trump's administration, accusing it of violating federal law by delaying energy efficiency standards for several consumer and commercial products.
The legal action was announced on Monday by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York)
NEW YORK, April 10 The 101st Pulitzer Prizes, to be announced on Monday, will pay tribute to the best in American journalism and letters from a news year highlighted by the 2016 presidential election campaign.
The 19-member Pulitzer board, made up of past winners and other distinguished journalists and academics, will reveal the winners at 3 p.m. EDT (1900 GMT).
More than 2,500 entries were submitted this year, competing for 21 prizes, including 14 of the most prestigious awards in American journalism in categories ranging from public service and breaking news to commentary, cartooning and photography.
Seven awards also recognize fiction, drama, history, biographies, poetry, general nonfiction and music.
Winners often come from famed publications such as the New York Times, Washington Post and Wall Street Journal, but the Pulitzers have also gone to smaller, lesser known publications across the country whose work does not always gain national attention at the time it is published.
Last year the Tampa Bay Times and the Sarasota Herald-Tribune won the prize for investigative reporting for revealing the "escalating violence and neglect in Florida mental hospitals and laid the blame at the door of state officials," the judges said.
The Associated Press won last year's prize for public service for reporting on abuse in the seafood industry that helped free 2,000 slave laborers. Reuters and The New York Times shared the breaking news photography award for images of the European refugee crisis.
The Los Angeles Times won the breaking news award for its coverage of the massacre by Islamist militants in San Bernardino, California.
The Pulitzers began in 1917 after a bequest from newspaper publisher Joseph Pulitzer. Theirs will established Columbia University in New York as administrator of the prizes and also bestowed an endowment on the university to establish its School of Journalism. (Reporting by Daniel Trotta; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Director Mick Mulvaney (R) listens as U.S. President Donald Trump (L) meets with members of the Republican Study Committee at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump, who has proposed cuts to an array of government agencies, is asking department heads to offer up plans to operate more efficiently.
Trump's budget director, Mick Mulvaney, told reporters on Tuesday they would be instructing agencies to outline how they will comply with the president's budget, which slashed spending for foreign aid and many domestic programs.
The federal hiring freeze imposed shortly after Trump entered office will be lifted on Wednesday, but agencies will be asked to remain mindful of Trump's goal to reduce the federal workforce, Mulvaney said during a briefing.
Mulvaney acknowledged that the president's budget would have to be approved by the Republican-controlled Congress, where lawmakers from both parties have balked at some of the drastic reductions.
"One of the reasons this is so difficult to do is you just can't wave a magic wand in the Oval Office and do these things," Mulvaney said. "There will be certain things for which we will need legislative authority."
In the bare-bones budget issued last month, the White House did not offer many specific details on how the budget cuts would be achieved.
Mulvaney will ask departments to fill in some of those blanks. Preliminary plans are due from departments in June, with the final versions expected in September.
Not every department gets a cut under Trump's plan. Mulvaney stressed that some agencies including the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs department will be able to beef up their workforce.
(Reporting by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley joined a chorus of optimism on European equities on Friday, pointing to the strong recovery in corporate profits that is spurring fund inflows into the region.
Both brokers predict double-digit growth for European earnings as the regional economy springs back to life after years of sluggish activity.
Global sentiment on equities has wavered in recent weeks as economic data from the United States shows signs of softening, though brokers say earnings are a more important factor for stock investors.
"The hard data for equities is earnings - and they are powering ahead. Q1 earnings season is very strong and revisions trends are positive and broad based," said analysts at BAML in a note to clients.
U.S. economic growth in the first quarter was the slowest since 2014, data on Friday showed, though stocks shrugged off the numbers.
BAML expects European earnings to grow 15 percent in 2017, up from its previous prediction of 11 percent. It now forecasts the STOXX 600 index to rise to 420, more than 8 percent above current levels.
In the past week, $2.4 billion (1.87 billion pounds) was pumped into European equity funds, the highest since December 2015, BAML said, as more money that left the region last year returned.
Fading political risks after the first round of the French presidential election and the return of investor inflows are likely to underpin valuations that are still running about 10 percent below the peaks seen two years ago, BAML said.
Overall, European earnings are forecast to grow more than 12 percent over the next year, according to Thomson Reuters data.
"If earnings surprise to the upside relative to consensus, it would go a long way towards addressing some concerns around 'hard' data," Morgan Stanley strategists said.
The two brokers added to a string of bullish calls on equities in Europe, a region which has seen earnings disappointment and political risk dampen appetite for its stocks.
Strategists at Deutsche Bank, who also see earnings in Europe rising 10 percent this year, struck a more cautious note.
European equities are already priced for a 'goldilocks' scenario of strong growth, low interest rates and diminishing uncertainty, leaving little scope for disappointments, Deutsche strategists said.
The recent pullback in commodity prices, particularly metals, suggests the resources sector .SXPP, which has contributed significantly to the rebound in earnings forecasts, could come under pressure, Deutsche said.
That puts the European broker at odds with BAML who upgraded their stance on resources shares to "overweight" on the view that the global reflation trade has more room to run and recent weakness was, in fact, an opportunity for investors.
Morgan Stanley includes banks and energy stocks among its most favoured sectors in Europe.
(Reporting by Kit Rees, Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Toby Chopra)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Abc Multiactive Ltd:
* ‍FY TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE HK$5.6 MILLION VERSUS LOSS HK$4.3 MILLION
* FY TURNOVER HK$14.7 MILLION VERSUS HK$18.4 MILLION
* THERE WILL BE SUFFICIENT RESOURCES TO ENABLE IT TO MEET ITS LIABILITIES AS AND WHEN THEY FALL DUE AND TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Hedge fund Elliott Advisors is close to securing support from enough Akzo Nobel NV (AKZO.AS) investors to call for an extraordinary general meeting of the Dutch paint maker's shareholders, according to people familiar with the matter.
Elliott is hoping the move will add to pressure on Akzo to negotiate a potential sale to U.S. coatings manufacturer PPG Industries Inc (PPG.N). Akzo rejected a sweetened 22.4 billion euro ($24 billion) cash-and-stock offer from PPG last month, and has resisted engaging in deal talks. [nL5N1GZ1KR]
While Akzo is due to hold its regular annual general meeting on April 25, an extraordinary general meeting would allow shareholders to remove Akzo supervisory board and management board members.
Akzo shareholders must hold in total at least 10 percent of the company's issued stock to be able to convene an extraordinary general meeting, which would then take a few weeks to organise.
Elliott, which owns a little more than 3 percent of Akzo, is close to mustering support from enough investors to reach the 10 percent threshold and may trigger an extraordinary general meeting within days, the sources said this week.
The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. Elliott, Akzo Nobel and PPG did not respond to requests for comment.
Akzo has scheduled an investor day for April 19, which it will use to provide updated financial guidance and argue that its standalone operational plan, which calls for shedding its speciality chemicals business, will deliver more value with less risk than a merger with PPG.
Akzo is considering spinning off its speciality chemical unit, but it is also mulling a sale after fielding acquisition interest in that business, which could fetch between $9 billion and $10 billion in a sale, according to the sources.
Private equity firms and smaller companies seeking to team up with buyout firms to make offers will participate in a sale process for the speciality chemicals unit, the sources said.
PPG's Akzo bid is a major test for PPG Chief Executive Michael McGarry. PPG shares are up 16 percent since they became CEO in September 2015. In comparison, the S&P 500 speciality chemicals index is up 21 percent.
In private meetings with shareholders, Akzo has cited McGarry's track record, as well as the antitrust risks of a potential merger, as a reason why a deal with PPG would be risky, according to the sources.
PPG is waiting for Akzo to come under more shareholder pressure before making a new acquisition offer, one of the sources said.
(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Toby Sterling in Amsterdam; Editing by Leslie Adler)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Pike River victims' families say the Government's commitment to leave the coal mine unsealed and inspect it with drone technology falls short of their requests, but is still "very positive".
Prime Minister Bill English agreed today to put a halt to permanent sealing of the mine on the South Island's West Coast following talks with the families at Parliament.
English refused to grant their request to re-enter the mine's drift but agreed to look into sending a drone or other unmanned technology into the mine to investigate further.
The families' spokesperson Bernie Monk said the meeting at the Beehive was "very positive" and that they had made more progress with English than they had under previous Prime Minister John Key.
"We've got another step forward for us ... I think they've got a lot of understanding about the ins and outs because it's not easy for them to understand what we've been through over the last six years."
But Anna Osborne, who lost their husband Milton in the 2010 incident, said English could have gone further. They described their commitments as "baby steps".
"He's not committed to giving the families any real reassurance," they said.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as they has 'already been punished' on Twitter
The families had hoped to convince the Government to allow a team to re-enter the mine or launch a new inquiry to check whether re-entry would be safe.
Following the meeting, English said the Government was bound by health and safety laws.
"This decision is not about politics, it is about safety. We lost 29 lives in that mine and I will not risk losing any more."
English said the families' proposal for re-entering the mine - which was written by two international mining experts and published in December - was not a detailed plan "and therefore does not make the case for a safe re-entry".
"Any decision to re-enter would also have to be made in accordance with our current workplace safety law, so the new directors would still have to take responsibility without indemnity for all aspects of safely entering the mine," they said.
"It's highly unlikely a new set of directors would decide it could be done safely."
English said they will request that Solid Energy halts work on the mine's permanent seal and "explore options for unmanned entry".
Robots had been tried at the mine in the past but had failed, they said. But the Government had recently been approached by experts with proposals for unmanned access.
The Government's former chief mines inspector Tony Forster, who is backing the victims' families in their bid for re-entry, said drone technology had advanced at "a significant pace" in the last few years.
"If will never completely satisfy the families in terms of physical re-entry, but if it's a step in the right direction and it gives us more information and narrows the angle in terms of the risks of re-entry, that can only be a positive."
English said it was not known how long the consideration of unmanned entry would take. They accepted that the issue could boil away during the election campaign.
Labour and New Zealand First have committed to re-entering the mine if in power.
Monk said the families would be removing a blockade on the access road to the mine after the Government's commitment not to seal off the entrance. The victims' supporters have blocked the road for 13 weeks to prevent Solid Energy contractors from reaching the site.
The mine has not been operating since a gas explosion in 2010 killed 29 workers, whose remains have never been removed because of concerns about high methane levels.
- NZ Herald
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
May 2 Kforce Inc
* Kforce reports first quarter revenues of $334.0 million and eps of $0.23; year-over-year flex revenue growth accelerates to 4.2%
* Q1 earnings per share $0.23
* Q1 revenue $334 million versus i/b/e/s view $331.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.23 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Kforce inc - still expect to achieve an operating margin of at least 6.3% at $1.4 billion in annualized revenue
* Kforce inc sees q2 2017 revenues of $342 million to $347 million
* Kforce inc sees second quarte 2017 earnings per share of $0.45 to $0.47
* Q2 revenue view $346.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.46 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 Forensic experts search the area where the expolsion occured Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
NYON, Switzerland European football authority UEFA said it was reviewing security for Wednesday's Champions League matches and would increase it where necessary, a day after explosions hit the Borussia Dortmund team bus.
Tuesday's match was called off after the blasts, which damaged the vehicle en route to the stadium for the German side's clash with AS Monaco.
UEFA said in a statement there had been no specific intelligence regarding any threat to Wednesday's matches.
They include the rescheduled Dortmund/Monaco game, while Bayern Munich are due to host Real Madrid in Germany with Atletico Madrid at home to Leiceister City in Spain.
Four ties in the secondary Europa League competition are due to be played Thursday with matches in Lyon, Amsterdam, Brussels and the Spanish city of Vigo.
"UEFA – in co-operation with the police, security services, stadium management and the clubs involved – is reviewing the security arrangements for tonight's matches and security procedures will be enhanced accordingly wherever needed," it said.
Giorgio Marchetti, UEFA's competitions director, told Reuters television that it was the first such incident the European football body had to deal with.
"And no, we have not received any information regarding this type of attack, prior to the match," they said at UEFA headquarters.
"We have already asked the clubs to review, with the police, their security arrangements and measures to guarantee the safety and security of all those involved today and also tomorrow."
They said that there would be "more body searches" at the Dortmund game.
"Backpacks will not be admitted into the stadium, there will be restriction for the car parking and of course, more flight attendants and more police officers around."
(reporting by Cecile Mantovani; writing by Brian Homewood; editing by John Stonestreet)
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
SAN FRANCISCO When WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange disclosed earlier this month that their anti-secrecy group had obtained CIA tools for hacking into technology products made by U.S. companies, security engineers at Cisco Systems (CSCO.O) swung into action.
The Wikileaks documents described how the Central Intelligence Agency had learned more than a year ago how to exploit flaws in Cisco's widely used Internet switches, which direct electronic traffic, to enable eavesdropping.
Senior Cisco managers immediately reassigned staff from other projects to figure out how the CIA hacking tricks worked, so they could help customers patch their systems and prevent criminal hackers or spies from using the same methods, three employees told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
The Cisco engineers worked around the clock for days to analyze the means of attack, create fixes, and craft a stopgap warning about a security risk affecting more than 300 different products, said the employees, who had direct knowledge of the effort.
That a major U.S. company had to rely on WikiLeaks to learn about security problems well-known to U.S. intelligence agencies underscores concerns expressed by dozens of current and former U.S. intelligence and security officials about the government's approach to cybersecurity.
That policy overwhelmingly emphasizes offensive cyber-security capabilities over defensive measures, these people told Reuters, even as an increasing number of U.S. organizations have been hit by hacks attributed to foreign governments.
Larry Pfeiffer, a former senior director of the White House Situation Room in the Obama administration, said now that others were catching up to the United States in their cyber capabilities, "maybe it is time to take a pause and fully consider the ramifications of what we're doing.”
U.S. intelligence agencies blamed Russia for the hack of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 election. Nation-states are also believed to be behind the 2014 hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment and the 2015 breach of the U.S. Government's Office of Personnel Management.
CIA spokesperson Heather Fritz Horniak declined to comment on the Cisco case, but said it was the agency's "job to be innovative, cutting-edge, and the first line of defense in protecting this country from enemies abroad."
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees the CIA and NSA, referred questions to the White House, which declined to comment.
Across the federal government, about 90 percent of all spending on cyber programs is dedicated to offensive efforts, including penetrating the computer systems of adversaries, listening to communications and developing the means to disable or degrade infrastructure, senior intelligence officials told Reuters.
President Donald Trump's budget proposal would put about $1.5 billion into cyber-security defense at the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). Private industry and the military also spend money to protect themselves.
But the secret part of the U.S. intelligence budget alone totaled about $50 billion annually as of 2013, documents leaked by NSA contractor Edward Snowden show. Just 8 percent of that figure went toward “enhanced cybersecurity,” while 72 percent was dedicated to collecting strategic intelligence and fighting violent extremism.
Departing NSA Deputy Director Rick Ledgett confirmed in an interview that 90 percent of government cyber spending was on offensive efforts and agreed it was lopsided.
"It's actually something we're trying to address" with more appropriations in the military budget, Ledgett said. "As the cyber threat rises, the need for more and better cyber defense and information assurance is increasing as well."
The long-standing emphasis on offense stems in part from the mission of the NSA, which has the most advanced cyber capabilities of any U.S. agency.
It is responsible for the collection of intelligence overseas and also for helping defend government systems. It mainly aids U.S. companies indirectly, by assisting other agencies.
“I absolutely think we should be placing significantly more effort on the defense, particularly in light of where we are with exponential growth in threats and capabilities and intentions," said Debora Plunkett, who headed the NSA's defensive mission from 2010 to 2014.
GOVERNMENT ROLE
How big a role the government should play in defending the private sector remains a matter of debate.
Former military and intelligence leaders such as ex-NSA Director Keith Alexander and former Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter say that U.S. companies and other institutions cannot be solely responsible for defending themselves against the likes of Russia, China, North Korea and Iran.
For tech companies, the government's approach is frustrating, executives and engineers say.
Sophisticated hacking campaigns typically rely on flaws in computer products. When the NSA or CIA find such flaws, under current policies they often choose to keep them for offensive attacks, rather than tell the companies.
In the case of Cisco, the company said the CIA did not inform the company after the agency learned late last year that information about the hacking tools had been leaked.
“Cisco remains steadfast in the position that we should be notified of all vulnerabilities if they are found, so we can fix them and notify customers,” said company spokesperson Yvonne Malmgren.
SIDE BY SIDE
A recent reorganization at the NSA, known as NSA21, eliminated the branch that was explicitly responsible for defense, the Information Assurance Directorate (IAD), the largest cyber-defense workforce in the government. Its mission has now been combined with the dominant force in the agency, signals intelligence, in a broad operations division.
Top NSA officials, including director Mike Rogers, argue that it is better to have offensive and defensive specialists working side by side. Other NSA and White House veterans contend that perfect defense is impossible and therefore more resources should be poured into penetrating enemy networks - both to head off attacks and to determine their origin.
Curtis Dukes, the last head of IAD, said in an interview after retiring last month that they feared defense would get even less attention in a structure where it does not have a leader with a direct line to the NSA director.
“It's incumbent on the NSA to say, 'This is an important mission'," Dukes said. "That has not occurred.”
(Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco. Additional reporting by Warren Strobel in Washington.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Ross Colvin)
(Reuters Health) - - Women with celiac disease may be more likely to also be diagnosed with the eating disorder anorexia nervosa, researchers suggest.
In a nationwide study, a diagnosis of anorexia nervosa was more likely both before a celiac disease diagnosis, and afterward.
“Before this study, there have been published a few small `case reports' of patients with celiac disease developing eating disturbances after their celiac disease diagnosis,” said lead study author Dr. Karl Marild, a researcher at the University of Colorado in Aurora.
“This, however, is the first large study to show an association between celiac disease and anorexia nervosa,” Marild said by email.
Anorexia nervosa is an emotional disorder that involves an obsessive desire to lose weight by refusing to eat. Celiac disease is an autoimmune disorder in which consumption of the gluten protein in wheat, barley or rye leads to damage of the small intestine and problems with absorption of nutrients from food.
The two disorders sometimes share similar symptoms, like fatigue, abdominal problems, discomfort after eating, excessive weight loss and an inability to absorb certain nutrients.
For the study, researchers examined data collected from 1987 through 2009 on almost 18,000 Swedish women diagnosed with celiac disease and roughly 89,000 women around the same age who didn't have the autoimmune disorder.
After a celiac disease diagnosis, women were 46 percent more likely to be diagnosed with anorexia nervosa, researchers report in Pediatrics. After an anorexia diagnosis, women had twice the odds of a later diagnosis of celiac disease.
More specifically, each year during the study period, a new diagnosis of anorexia nervosa was made in about 0.03 percent in women with a diagnosis of celiac disease, compared to about 0.02 percent in women without celiac disease.
Also, the researchers report, nearly 0.2 percent of women with celiac disease had been previously diagnosed with anorexia nervosa, compared to only about 0.1 percent of women in the study who didn't have celiac disease.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that celiac disease causes anorexia, or that the reverse is true, the authors note.
It's possible that at least some patients were initially misdiagnosed with one disease when they had the other disorder, the researchers point out. At least some of the overlap in diagnoses of both conditions might be explained by what's known as “surveillance bias,” or the fact that women being closely monitored due to one issue with eating might be more likely to be evaluated for another food-related health problem.
In addition, dietary restrictions prescribed for celiac disease might trigger an obsessive eating pattern that leads to anorexia, Marild said.
The potential for misdiagnosis may be particularly important in treating teens, Dr. Neville Golden, an adolescent medicine researcher at Stanford Children's Health in California writes in an accompanying editorial.
“Both celiac disease and anorexia nervosa may have similar symptoms: abdominal discomfort after eating, a feeling of fullness, changes in bowel habits and weight loss,” Golden said by email. “So the correct diagnosis may not always be clear.”
With either diagnosis, it's important that patients see a specialist, said Alice Bast, chief executive officer of Beyond Celiac, a patient advocacy organization.
“The higher level of scrutiny by informed healthcare providers may unearth problems that might fly under the radar otherwise,” Bast, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nU0w64 Pediatrics, online April 3, 2017.
Former Town midfielder Lawson D'Ath couldn't hide a sense of frustration that their time with the Hatters hadn't turned out differently.
The 25-year-old moved to Kenilworth Road from Northampton Town in January 2017, making 10 starts last season, including both play-off games as Luton were cruelly beaten by Blackpool over two legs.
It's one of frustration really, because I feel like I could have added something to the team if I was fully fit and playing regularly. Lawson D'Ath
It looked like they were going to carry that run in the side on this term, down to play in the opening game against Yeovil, until injury struck in the final week of pre-season, leaving them sidelined.
They eventually got fit, but the form of Olly Lee and the team in general, meant they had to make do with a place on the bench, only to suffer further injury when back in the side against Cambridge in March, which ended their campaign.
Summing up their time with the club on their release last week, having made just 26 appearances, scoring once, D'Ath said: “It's frustration, because I came in, I wasn't in the team to begin with, then I got in the team and to be fair I thought I played pretty well at the back end of last season.
“Then two days before the season started and I was out for two months, so the lads got up and running by then, so it was like he's (Nathan Jones) not going to change a winning team is he?
“It's one of them, it's part and parcel of being a footballer, it just happens, you have to be patient and if it comes, if it doesn't, it doesn't.
“It's one of frustration really, because I feel like I could have added something to the team if I was fully fit and playing regularly.
“Mick Harford, said ‘you've been the unluckiest player this year,' so it's just one of those things, frustration I guess, but it's football, I just move on.”
After featuring in the largely forgettable 4-0 defeat at Port Vale in December, D'Ath's final start came in the 1-1 draw at Cambridge back on March 30, lasting just 20 minutes before suffering another injury.
They said: “(It was) My medial in the inside of my knee, the big lad Uche (Ikpeazu) came down on it and just forced it in.
“It's not been right, even when I've been training towards the back end of the season, I'll go to pass the ball and it will be a bit loose and then it will be sore.
“I couldn't play a game and I was training at 50, 60 per cent, it's just one of those injuries, really niggly and the timing of it wasn't great.”
With that in mind, D'Ath knew that a new deal at Kenilworth Road was unlikely and when asked how their chat with Town boss Nathan Jones went, said: “It was half and half, it could happen, and with the gaffer they said, ‘look you've had a tough year with injuries, you haven't played a lot of football because of it and this year, we're stepping up a division and are going to be bringing in players, so you're not going to be number one choice. Obviously anything can happen in the season, but I'm looking out for you, your best interest, if you have another year then it could harm you.'
“I think that was the case too as if I'd played even half the games this season, then it might have been a different story, but obviously, it was one of those things.
“Anything can happen in pre-season. If you do really well then you're in the team, but to be fair to be him, they took into consideration this year, so they said, ‘you're probably you're better off going somewhere else and just playing football,' so that was literally the conversation.”
Despite their departure, D'Ath was thrilled to have been a Hatter, adding: “Even before I signed for Luton, I loved playing at Kenilworth Road, so I loved every minute when I was there.
“I've made really good friends, the lads, the staff, the training ground, the facilities are unbelievable, everything about it.
“It was a good place to be, so it's a shame, but it's football.”
MOSCOW The U.S. position on Syria remains a mystery to Moscow and Washington's rhetoric tends to be primitive and loutish, Russian news agencies quoted Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov as saying on Wednesday.
Ryabkov's remarks were released minutes before U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the highest level representative of the Trump administration to visit Russia, was due to start talks with their Russian counterpart.
Ryabkov said that at the talks Russia expected to discuss no-fly zones in Syria, and that North Korea and Ukraine would also be on the agenda.
"As a whole, the administration's stance with regard to Syria remains a mystery. Inconsistency is what comes to mind first of all," RIA news agency quoted Rybakov as telling reporters.
"In general, primitiveness and loutishness are very characteristic of the current rhetoric coming out of Washington. We'll hope that this doesn't become the substance of American policy," RIA quoted Ryabkov as saying.
(Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Alexander Winning)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Times Property Holdings-
* Issuance Of Us$225,000,000 5.75% Senior Notes Due 2022
* Times property -co and subsidiary guarantors entered into purchase agreement with ubs, citi, deutsche bank, haitong international, j.p. Morgan and spdb international
* Agreement in connection with notes issue
* Estimated net proceeds of notes issue, amount to approximately us$221.5 million
* Company intends to use net proceeds of notes issue to refinance certain of its existing indebtedness Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
FILE PHOTO: Cast member Emma Watson poses at the premiere of ''Beauty and the Beast'' in Los Angeles, California, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/File Photo
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - "Boss Baby" is enjoying the view from the top.
The animated comedy bottled up a leading $49 million from 3,773 locations, edging out Disney's "Beauty and the Beast," a box office juggernaut that's dominated the multiplexes since debuting three weeks ago. "Beauty and the Beast" added another $ $48 million to its mammoth $395.5 million domestic haul. The weekend's other new release, Paramount's "Ghost in the Shell" bombed, taking in a demoralizing $19 million.
Critics were cool toward "Boss Baby," which centers on a cuteness standoff between babies and puppies. Alec Baldwin, in vulpine "Glengarry Glen Ross" mode, voices a power suit-wearing infant, leading a vocal cast that includes Tobey Maguire, Steve Buscemi, Jimmy Kimmel, and Lisa Kudrow. DreamWorks Animation produced the film for over $100 million, with Fox distributing the picture. Heading into the weekend, "Boss Baby" had been projected to debut to $30 million.
"The picture works because it's a great concept and having Alec Baldwin, who is such as well known voice, voicing a baby is near genius," said Chris Aronson, Fox's head of domestic distribution.
Aronson said they were surprised that the reviews for the film weren't stronger.
"I was shocked and still am," said Aronson. "It's nice when you have critics and audiences aligned, but it's painful when you don't get it. You wonder why do audiences like it so much and the reviewers don't?"
"Ghost in the Shell," an adaptation of a popular Japanese manga about a cyber-enhanced warrior (a be-spandexed Scarlett Johansson) who must take down a cabal of terrorist hackers, was produced in conjunction with DreamWorks Pictures and Reliance Entertainment. If it wants to fight its way into the black, it will need to get a big lift from foreign crowds. To that end, the science-fiction story pulled in $40.1 million abroad from 50 foreign territories.
Paramount has gone through a punishing run at the box office, enduring costly flops such as "Allied" and "Ben-Hur," while going through a series of executive shakeups that resulted in the ousters of Chairman Brad Grey and Vice-Chairman Rob Moore. It has a newly named studio chief in Jim Gianopulos, the former head of Fox's film division, whose task it will be to bring more creative stability to the company.
"Ghost in the Shell's" rollout was nearly subsumed by controversy over its casting and accusations that by tapping Johansson the film had engaged in "whitewashing." It was cited as exhibit A in a larger, industry-wide debate about studios' habits of employing white actors in Asian roles.
Lionsgate's "Power Rangers" and Warner Bros. and Legendary's "Kong: Skull Island" rounded out the top five, earning $14.5 million and $8.8 million, respectively. The Power Rangers reboot has grossed $65.1 million in two weeks of release, while the latest King Kong remake has made $147.8 million after four weeks in theaters.
In limited release, Focus Features' "The Zookeeper's Wife" opened to $3.3 million in 541 locations this weekend. Jessica Chastain stars in the film as a woman in World War II era Warsaw who tries to save Jews during the Holocaust.
* European stock futures steady * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach them on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net EARLY MORNING EUROPEAN HEADLINE ROUND-UP (0738 GMT) Lots of earnings today, here's what's jumped out so far: Deutsche Bank posts third consecutive annual loss in 2017 Spain's Caixabank Q4 profit falls 70 pct from Q3 Spain's Sabadell Q4 net profit more than doubles on one-off sales Danske Bank beats Q4 pretax expectations, expects lower 2018 net result Nordea banking group to list Finnish unit on Scandinavian exchanges Philips Lighting Q4 earnings beat estimates on cost cutting Tyre maker Nokian Q4 profit up 13 pct yr/yr Tools maker Husqvarna Q4 result, dividend better than expected Aker BP Q4 core profit lags market expectations Fortum Q4 profit jumps 57 pct yr/yr Tele2 says will aim to grow dividends, Q4 core profit matches forecasts Hexpol Q4 operating profit matches forecast​ Cevian Capital raises Ericsson stake to 5 pct of votes Spanish property developer Metrovacesa cuts listing price AirAsia CEO says looking at Boeing 787 for AirAsia X fleet growth AstraZeneca flags return to drug sales growth in 2018 Britain's BT says on track for year after Q3 meets its expectations Cobham sells communications units to Viavi for $455 million​ Doorstep lender Provident Financial names new CEO Satellite company Avanti appoints new CEO​ EU clearing house system passes stress test (Kit Rees) ***** BUT FUTURES POINT TO STEADY OPEN FOR EUROPEAN SHARES (0702 GMT) Contrary to earlier calls from financial spread-betters, European stock index futures have opened with slight gains, indicating this week's sell-off could ease somewhat. The STOXX 600 is down around 1.8 percent so far this week, set for its biggest weekly loss since November Here's your snapshot: (Danilo Masoni) ***** DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euros in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
BRIEF-Service & Quality Technology to set up unit in Hong Kong via subsidiary
* Says it plans to invest HK$7 million in its Hong Kong-based subsidiary to help to set up a new sub-subsidiary in Hong Kong
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over their own future at Anfield - their contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep them on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” they said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with them and it is all good so far apart from they haven't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Suspect playing surface?
Jurgen Klopp blamed their side's draw with West Brom on the “dry” Hawthorns pitch and described Albion's comeback as “useless” and a “waste of points”.
Liverpool were two up with only 11 minutes left, but contrived to blow their lead and allowed Albion to rescue a point.
It's fair to say the Liverpool boss was not best pleased with the result or the playing surface.
In an astonishing attack the German said: “The pitch got drier and drier and it is not in favour, or an advantage, for the football-playing side.
“You could see that especially for the big chance for Danny Ings. It makes life a bit more difficult.
“I don't feel that that point will help West Brom massively. It feels like a complete waste of points, they don't need it, we would have needed it.
“They are all happy now, we are not happy. We stay in the league, they don't stay in the league. It's kind of a strange situation. A useless comeback.
“I am a big football fan. You have to to do everything to create the best circumstances for all the boys to deliver.
“You let the home team decide if they water the pitch or not – it's not only football. It's also dangerous for injuries if the pitch is really dry.”
Klopp also accused West Brom of playing ugly and relying too much on set-pieces.
“If you make it only that set-pieces are allowed in the Premier League, then West Brom for sure would not go to the Championship,” they said.
“They are really good in that.
“We defended it quite well over 75 minutes. It was pretty much the only situations they had.”
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pacific Andes Resources Development Ltd :
* UPDATES ON RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES‍
* CO NOT ENTERED ANY BINDING AGREEMENT WITH ANY PARTY RELATING TO FINANCIAL RESTRUCTURING OF CO OR SUBSIDIARIES​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 (Reuters) -
* India cenbank releases April monetary policy committee meeting minutes
* India cenbank's Patel says: industrial outlook survey of the reserve bank suggests positive outlook for the manufacturing sector - minutes
* India cenbank's Patel says: CPI inflation excluding food and fuel remained sticky, especially services - minutes
* India cenbank's Patel says: given the volatility in the cpi, it is not easy to read its evolution - minutes
* India cenbank deputy Acharya: there are signs that recovery is somewhat uneven - minutes
* India cenbank's Patel says: notwithstanding likely favourable base-effects in next few months, outlook for inflation calls for close vigilance - minutes
* India cenbank's Patel says: there is still room for banks to cut lending rates - minutes
* India cenbank Patra: inflation excluding food and fuel will probably run ahead of headline inflation throughout 2017-18 - minutes
* India cenbank Patra: inflation expectations have reversed and hardened, and not just in the near term but also a year ahead - minutes Source text for Eikon: bit.ly/2oYBJi0 (Mumbai newsroom)
(Updates with more executives' comments)
LAUSANNE, March 29 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
For highlights from the first day:
The following are the latest highlights:
DANIEL JAEGGI, PRESIDENT, MERCURIA
Echoing remarks by Mercuria's CEO on Tuesday, Jaeggi sees a coming crunch as short-term investments are prioritised over long-term.
"There is imbalance right now which is getting bigger ... when you look at 2018, 2019, 2020 what you're seeing is short cycle investment that is hedging on the back-end of the (oil price) curve ... pushing it down."
"In the medium term, 3-4 years, there's a potential to create the next big imbalance. You're going to miss at some stage the big, long-term investments. It's sowing the seeds for potential instability and volatility in the future."
BEN LUCKOCK, CO-HEAD MARKET RISK, TRAFIGURA
"What's interesting for someone like Trafigura is that U.S. flows are changing and it gives you something to look at every single day. The greater Gulf coast - it's the new release valve for the global oil market," Luckock said, adding that initially U.S. flows went to Europe first then to Asia.
Luckock also sees a crunch coming due to short cycle investment.
"The best ones (producing assets) are being used up now, low-hanging fruit ... It's coming home to roost sooner than people think."
Trafigura is a major lifter of crude from Iraqi Kurdistan, which Luckock says is becoming less controversial.
"The buying group has certainly increased, a lot of these barrels go to Asia. Some refiners still refuse because of their relationships with Baghdad. But it's a significant flow. It impacts the balance around the world."
ALISTAIR CROSS, GLOBAL HEAD OF OPERATIONS, MERCURIA
Cross said it typically takes 30 days to process contracts prior to payment and can take longer depending on the product.
"In our test case, within four days we got all electronic documents in and certainty of settlement ... It's a significant number."
Cross also sees blockchain technology as a way to reduce high-level fraud and cut back office costs.
"Our industry is very paper based and we have the technology now that can solve the complete settlement cycle ... Back office costs are a focus for all the companies and an area where we can make significant savings."
"A lot of instances of fraud - it's high tech. The information on the document looks real and recognizable by counterparts. With blockchain, you can have a verifiable, authenticated (document) and only a person with a secure login can send that document."
ALAN HAYWOOD, CEO OF SUPPLY AND TRADING BP
"The context for our strategy is laid out in fundamentals until 2035. We see energy demand increasing by about 30 percent, half from nuclear, hydro power and renewables ... half will be going to the power sector."
"But we see 75 percent of energy demand still coming from oil, gas and coal. Gas demand will grow at approximately twice the rate of oil ... on the renewable side we will focus on our commitment to wind and Brazilian biofuels."
MARCO ALVERA, CEO, SNAM
Alvera sees emerging markets moving towards gas away from coal due to the cleaner advantage of gas.
"A one percent switch from coal to gas, gives same benefit on carbon dioxide, as a 10 percent shift to renewables."
"In Europe, demand for gas has stabilised but production is declining. Faced with stable demand, imports need to grow ... we can only look east or southeast like the southern corridor.
"Europe has huge opportunities for LNG storage due to huge depleted reserves. LNG will become hugely seasonal ... and very distressed in the summer. Italy is a unique position because has the largest gas storage reserves so can be a hub for imports and exports."
"In the United States, coal will be back, which potentially in the short term will benefit gas in Europe, and the price of coal will go up."
"There's a huge potential for biomethane in transport ... the beauty is that you can use existing infrastructure."
MARK CRANDALL, CHAIRMAN, POSTSCRIPTUM
"The switch from coal to gas is a bigger thing than any switch to renewables."
"Batteries are about to happen. The first large scale delivery will start in July ... Whether they will live up to the hype is another thing. They still are not cheap enough."
"You can see the grim reaper for fossil fuels in the rear view mirror. In Chile and Argentina ... in non-subsidised tenders, renewables win. That's extraordinary compared to five years ago. Eventually it will catch up in the northern hemisphere."
SAMUEL LEUPOLD, EXECUTIVE VP, DONG ENERGY
"Coal needs to go, lignite needs to go but it needs to be politically led ... Batteries in my view are completely overhyped."
"The influence of Washington D.C. is limited ... in terms of subsidies, it's more about the state than D.C.," Leupold said, when asked about U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order undoing Obama-era climate change regulation.
(Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz, editing by Louise Heavens and Susan Fenton)
Kentucky's deep-and-talented roster is officially taking shape on Wednesday afternoon as forward P.J. Washington announced that they will return for their sophomore season while Wenyen Gabriel will stay in the 2018 NBA Draft.
The return of the 6-foot-7 Washington gives the Wildcats their most consistent frontcourt player from last season. Putting up 10.8 points, 5.7 rebounds and 1.5 assists per game, the springy forward has a chance to make a major leap during their sophomore season in Lexington.
Gabriel, a 6-foot-9 big man who just completed with sophomore season, is staying in the draft after an up-and-down career with Kentucky. A reserve for most of the past two seasons, Gabriel averaged 6.8 points, 5.4 rebounds and 1.1 blocks in 23.1 minutes per game last season. A former five-star prospect, Gabriel was never a consistent presence with the Wildcats, but they do have some tantalizing pro tools, including an ability to stretch the floor (39 percent three-point shooting this season).
The major question becomes who Washington might play with in Kentucky's potentially crowded frontcourt? As of this writing, Jarred Vanderbilt is still deciding on their NBA draft future. Stanford graduate transfer forward Reid Travis is also rumored to also be potentially going to Kentucky after pulling out of the NBA draft.
When you also factor in the Wildcats bringing in five-star first-year student big man E.J. Montgomery, and the return of sophomore big man Nick Richards, and that makes for some intriguing lineup possibilities for head coach John Calipari in the frontcourt.
One interesting wrinkle for Washington could be their ability to play smaller, at the three, since Kentucky has so many potential big men. Although Washington only shot 23 percent from three-point range last season, they are quick enough to stick with some bigger wings while also providing plus rebounding from the position.
We'll have to wait-and-see what happens with Vanderbilt, but at the very least, Kentucky has Montgomery, Richards and Washington already in the fold for 2018-19.
Toni Street on Republican calling pregnant women 'hosts' - 'This was never going to go down well'
The Seven Sharp presenter said there were no surprises when the US Republican became public enemy number one for their comments.
This story is about
Here are five things to consider about the Stars' nine remaining games of the regular season. First, here's the team's schedule:
March 20 -- at Washington (41-24-7, 89 points)
March 23 -- vs. Boston (45-17-9, 99 points)
March 25 -- vs. Vancouver (25-38-9, 59 points)
March 27 -- vs. Philadelphia (37-25-11, 85 points)
March 28 -- at Minnesota (41-24-8, 90 points)
March 31 -- vs. Minnesota (41-24-8, 90 points)
April 3 -- at San Jose (40-23-9, 89 points)
April 6 -- at Anaheim (37-24-12, 86 points)
April 7 -- at Los Angeles (40-27-6, 86 points)
Note: Stats current as of March 19 and via NHL.com.
1. Tough competition
-- Eight games are against teams currently in playoff position.
-- The ninth team, Vancouver, beat the Stars 6-0 last month.
-- Since that beatdown by the Canucks, the Stars have a 5-7-4 record and have been outscored 46-34 by their opponents.
-- The Stars have a 14-17-5 record away from the AAC this season. In their away games remaining, the home team has a combined record of 111-51-19 at home (61.3 win percentage).
The team with the worst home record is Los Angeles at 19-14-3.
-- With Ben Bishop likely out until April, the Stars will have to lean on Kari Lehtonen in goal. Lehtonen has a 1-4-2 record in March, has a save percentage of .898 (the second-worst of any month this season) and a .2.93 goals against average (GAA).
(Adds portfolio manager , details on bond yields, geopolitics; updates prices)
* TSX closes down 112.92 points, or 0.72 percent, at 15,535.48
* Nine of the TSX's 10 main groups end lower
By Fergal Smith
TORONTO, April 13 Canada's main stock index fell on Thursday to the lowest in more than two weeks as declining bond yields pressured the heavyweight financials group, while resource shares also lost ground.
Canada's 10-year yield dropped below the 1.50 percent threshold for the first time in nearly five months, tracking a drop in U.S. Treasury yields as U.S. President Donald Trump's favorable view of low interest rates intensified a bond market rally that was underpinned by geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea.
News of a massive bomb dropped by the United States in eastern Afghanistan added to uncertainty ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States and Canada.
"Long-term interest rates have moved down, meaning there is a squeeze on margins (of banks) here," said Ian Nakamoto, equity specialist at MacDougall, MacDougall & MacTier, a division of Raymond James.
Royal Bank of Canada fell 1.5 percent to C$94.67, while the overall financials group lost 1 percent.
Wall Street also closed lower as investors weighed earnings from big U.S. banks, while investors have scaled back hopes for quick implementation of market-friendly policies by the Trump administration, including financial sector deregulation and tax reform.
"I think we got ahead of ourselves thinking things were going to be done quicker," Nakamoto said.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed down 112.92 points, or 0.72 percent, at 15,535.48, its lowest close since March 27.
It lost 0.8 percent for the holiday-shortened week.
The energy group declined 1.6 percent even as oil prices ended higher. U.S. crude oil futures settled up 7 cents at $53.18 a barrel.
Nine of the index's 10 main groups ended lower. The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.6 percent.
Barrick Gold Corp, the world's largest gold miner, fell 1.6 percent to C$26.42 even as prices for the precious metal posted a five-month high.
Analysts say Barrick must take steps to safeguard investor confidence by ensuring there are no more operating mishaps at its mines after a third incident in 18 months at its big Argentina mine.
Canadian new home prices rose in February, driven by higher costs in Toronto and other cities in Ontario in a report that was likely to underscore concerns that some markets are becoming too hot.
Canadian manufacturing sales declined less than expected in February after three consecutive months of increases. (Additional reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
April 10 China's Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd will form a joint venture with auto parts maker Nexteer Automotive Group Ltd to design and make electric power steering systems for Dongfeng passenger vehicles, Nexteer said on Monday.
The venture - to be equally owned by Nexteer and a unit of Dongfeng - will set up a facility near Dongfeng's headquarters in Wuhan, China, Nexteer said.
Nexteer, whose customers include Fiat Chrysler, General Motors, Toyota and Volkswagen , currently provides electric power steering systems for many Dongfeng-affiliated vehicles, including the Peugeot 2008 crossover. (Reporting by Shashwat Awasthi in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
QUITO Ecuador's economy grew 1.5 percent year-on-year in the last quarter of 2016, buoyed by a dynamic refining sector which allowed the oil-producing country to emerge from an economic recession, outgoing President Rafael Correa said on Saturday.
Compared with the third quarter of 2016, the smallest OPEC member state's economy also expanded, growing 1.7 percent. "Without a doubt, with whatever criterion you look at this, Ecuador has overcome the recession," Correa said from the coastal province of Los Rios, adding that the fourth quarter of last year was the first to show year-on-year growth after five quarters of contraction.
"We're leaving the next government with an economy that is growing and stabilized," added Correa, who will leave office on May 24 after a decade in power. They will pass the baton to ally Lenin Moreno, who this month won Ecuador's presidential election, bucking a shift to the right in South America.
Ecuador's economy was hit by the fall in oil prices, a strong dollar that hurts the dollarized export-oriented country, and a severe earthquake last year.
Correa did not give a GDP figure for full-year 2016, but said Ecuador could grow more than the 1.42 percent projected by the central bank.
(Reporting by Alexandra Valencia; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
A bidding process for potential new operators of Wellingborough's Castle Theatre has opened.
Wellingborough Council took over the running of the Castle Theatre at the end of June 2016.
The venue was closed by the administrator, who was brought in by The Castle (Wellingborough) Ltd when it was experiencing financial difficulties.
Cllr Martin Griffiths, leader of the council, said: “Our theatre is an important part of the borough's arts and culture strategy and we are very hopeful that we will attract a long-term operator for this well-loved facility.
“We want our theatre to be a professionally-run venue offering a varied programme that will appeal to residents as our borough continues to grow and prosper.”
The council re-opened the venue in August 2016, while plans for the long-term management of the theatre were formulated.
Following the decision to approve an arts and culture strategy in July 2017, the council decided to enter a two-stage restricted tender process in the hope of attracting an operator who could run the Castle Theatre as a successful business.
The council has been subsidising the operation of the theatre since it first opened in 1995, and the aim is to reduce that subsidy as far as is possible while still providing a venue which is accessible by the wider communities of the borough.
A panel of officers and councillors will evaluate the tenders and the deadline for submissions is February 27, 2018.
While the panel will review the submissions and agree a preferred bidder, the approval of full council will be needed to award the contract.
The council hopes that the new contract will be awarded at the end of July 2018 and will start from January 2019.
Once the operator is appointed, the council will put in place arrangements which will monitor the effectiveness of performance indicators included in the contract.
To view the contract notice, click {https://www.contractsfinder.service.gov.uk/Notice/1fe5e275-3835- 440d-9600- 8060d9ecbf6c|here|}.
For more details on the tender, contact Emma McGinlay on 01933 231585 or EMcGinlay@wellingborough.gov.uk.
* Sale of up to $5 bln stake kicks off this week
* Foreign ownership limited to 49 pct
* Sabeco offers access to fast-growing Vietnam market
* Thai Bev seen as strong contender - sources
* AB InBev, Japanese brewers also keen - sources
By Anshuman Daga and Martinne Geller
SINGAPORE/LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Brewing groups including Thai Beverage, Anheuser-Busch InBev and Kirin Holdings are gearing up to bid for a stake in Vietnam's largest brewer, Sabeco, people familiar with the matter said, with the $5 billion sale process by the government opening this week.
The auction of up to 54 percent of Sabeco, in what is set to be Vietnam's biggest privatisation, offers brewers access to a fast-growing market with a youthful population and beer drinking culture.
Thai Bev, controlled by tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, is shaping up as a strong contender, the people said, as it is familiar with the Vietnam system and sees Sabeco as key to expanding outside its home market.
“They have been around this situation for many years and are very keen to get this asset,” said one of the people, none of whom wanted to be named as they are not authorised to speak to the media.
Last month, a Thai Bev unit bought a 49 percent stake in a Vietnamese company which, the people said, could be used as a vehicle to bid for Sabeco as a domestic player, giving it an advantage over international rivals.
Thai Bev had no immediate comment, but said in October it was keen to grow through acquisitions in markets such as Vietnam. Firms controlled by Sirivadhanabhakdi also hold a 19 percent stake in Vietnam's Vinamilk.
A spokesperson for AB InBev, the world's biggest brewer, said the company was committed to Vietnam and to growing its business for the long-term. A spokesperson for Japan's Kirin said it was carefully considering its options.
Other potential bidders include Asahi Group Holdings , San Miguel and Heineken, though several people said Heineken already had a strong business in Vietnam and could sit out an expensive auction that values Sabeco at about 36 times core earnings - more than double the trading multiples of around 15 for some global brewers, according to Reuters data.
Heineken, which already owns 5 percent of Sabeco, did not respond to requests for comment.
Asahi could not be immediately reached for comment, but the Japanese firm's president told Reuters in September it was studying Sabeco.
San Miguel's president Ramon Ang said the Philippine conglomerate was interested to bid for Sabeco. Kirin owns around half of its affiliate San Miguel Brewery.
The Sabeco auction is on Dec. 18, and bidders who are keen to own a stake equal to 25 percent or more of Sabeco's shares need to inform local authorities a week before the auction.
OWNERSHIP CAP
Foreign ownership in Sabeco is limited to 49 percent.
That means overseas bidders can only bid for a minority stake of as much as 39 percent as foreign entities already own 10 percent.
Lack of control could put off some possible bidders, the people said.
“Having control of the business is very important for these international brewers because the multiple is very high. If you're going to pay that much you want to be able to institute your plans,” said one of the people, who expected international firms to sell their own premium beers like Budweiser, Heineken and Kirin through Sabeco's distribution network, in addition to Sabeco's beers, which include the Bia Saigon and 333 brands.
Vietnam's Ministry of Industry and Trade, which represents state shares in Sabeco, said foreign investors can link with Vietnamese firms to buy Sabeco shares, but have to comply with local laws and regulations.
Sabeco's share price has nearly tripled since its listing a year ago, with analysts citing a small float as inflating its market value.
The brewer's sky-high valuations and a complicated sale process could pose challenges for some potential bidders, the people said.
The Sabeco sale could also set the pace for peer Habeco , in which Danish brewer Carlsberg A/S owns 17.3 percent. (Reporting by Anshuman Daga and Martinne Geller, with additional reporting by Mai Nguyen in HANOI, Neil Jerome Morales in MANILA, Chayut Setboonsarng in BANGKOK and Junko Fujita in TOKYO; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
BRIEF-Shenzhen Heungkong gets regulatory approval to issue up to 1.2 bln yuan bonds
* Says it gets regulatory approval to issue up to 1.2 billion yuan ($176.60 million) bonds
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 13 Axon Enterprise Inc:
* Axon Enterprise Inc - announced purchase of 724 axon body 2 cameras by Austin police department
* Axon Enterprise Inc - order was received in Q2 of 2017 and cameras are expected to ship in multiple phases throughout year. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Nichola Groom
March 29 In the last four years, North Carolina has become the second largest solar market in the United States, behind only California.
It has installed more solar energy than Texas, which has nearly three times the population; more than Arizona, which has twice as many sunny days; and more than New York, which has far more aggressive renewable energy targets.
North Carolina's solar boom is rooted in a federal law enacted four decades ago – one that has only recently had much impact.
The law is now emerging as a boon for many solar developers in select states, but a nuisance to many power companies, including North Carolina's top utility, Duke Energy Corp .
The federal Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act (PURPA), passed in 1978, requires utilities in many states to buy renewable power from small providers – provided they can sell it at a price comparable to power from fossil fuels, such as coal or natural gas.
Because rates and contract terms are set by state utility regulators, that boom is focused on handful of markets - including North Carolina, South Carolina, Montana and Oregon. Sixty percent of the nation's current PURPA projects are in North Carolina, where state rates and policies favor solar companies.
Nationwide, about 28 percent of U.S. solar projects in development will benefit from PURPA mandates that utilities buy their power, according to industry research firm GTM Research.
For decades, PURPA was essentially irrelevant to the wind and solar industries because their technologies cost far more than power from fossil fuels. But the last decade has brought sharp declines in the cost of solar and wind power, encouraging a surge of renewable power projects from developers who can count on legally mandated contracts with utilities.
“It's been really important,” said Ben Van de Bunt, Chairman of Cypress Creek Renewables LLC, which has developed more solar projects under PURPA than any other company.
UTILITIES LOSE CONTROL, PROFITS
Utilities aren't pleased with the development. They say PURPA is upending their ability to plan, control and profit from new electricity generation being added to their territories.
In North Carolina, Duke Energy wants to slow down the breakneck solar expansion.
On sunny days, the utility now has more solar power in some places than the grid needs, overwhelming some circuits and threatening reliability, the company said. The state's terms for PURPA contracts, Duke said, require it to pay far more for solar energy than if contracts were let competitively.
Duke reported in a state filing that it is paying between $55 and $85 per megawatt-hour for the solar energy it must buy under PURPA. A typical solar contract in the United States falls between $35 and $50, according to GTM Research.
“There is a better way to be proactive in figuring out where to put solar, and better pricing for our customers,” said Rob Caldwell, Duke's president of renewable energy.
REGULATORY BATTLE GROUND
Duke is now seeking approval from the North Carolina Utilities Commission for shorter-term contracts with solar providers and lower prices for mandated power purchases under PURPA.
Both moves would give solar developers less incentive to build new projects in the state.
The NCUC declined to comment, saying it cannot publicly discuss matters pending before the commission.
In other states, including Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Montana, utilities such as NorthWestern Corp and Berkshire Hathaway Inc's Pacificorp have made similar pleas for relief in reaction to an influx of requests from solar and wind companies to connect projects to their grids.
Solar advocates argue that slashing contract terms to five years from the current 15 years, as Duke has requested, would eliminate the long-term predictability investors need to finance renewable energy projects. They contend that would undermine clean power development just as PURPA has begun to have the effect its drafters originally intended.
"It wasn't a problem until it worked," said Adam Browning, executive director of the advocacy group Vote Solar, which has lobbied to preserve PURPA contract terms in several states.
The battle in North Carolina will be hard fought because the state has led the way nationally for solar development under PURPA.
Solar power now accounts for about 3 percent of the state's electricity, compared with less than 1 percent nationwide. About 95 percent of the North Carolina's solar projects were developed under PURPA.
Duke has sparred with the solar industry before. Two years ago, solar companies objected when Duke requested shorter contract terms and limitations on the size of projects that would qualify for its standard contract. The state utilities commission denied Duke's request.
ONE FIRM'S SOLAR BOOM
North Carolina's boom in PURPA solar projects has been particularly good for one developer - California-based Cypress Creek.
The company started doing business in North Carolina in 2014, buying cheap land close to the grid from farmers and then building projects for a captive customer, Duke. The company owns about a quarter of the state's solar installations, and has another 2.2 GW in the works.
In January, Cypress filed a complaint with the state utility commission after Duke slashed its contract term for larger PURPA projects to 5 years. That dispute is unresolved, and Duke is separately seeking regulatory approval to lower the fixed contract price for smaller projects.
In a January filing, the NCUC said it would consider whether current economic conditions for utilities justify changes in rates and PURPA implementation.
Cypress Creek's Van de Bunt says the battle in North Carolina is critical.
"Duke has an extraordinary amount of power in North Carolina,” they said in an interview. “If they continue down a path to making solar development difficult to finance, we'll have a smaller path in North Carolina.”
In another debate that could roll back gains for solar companies, Duke is also working with state lawmakers to introduce a competitive process for purchasing solar power.
Duke says it is committed to solar energy production, but will continue pushing for more control over project locations, power prices and the amount of solar needed overall for the grid.
"We've been growing and growing," said Rob Caldwell, president of renewable power at Duke. "Let's declare success, but let's find a more sustainable, balanced approach going forward." (Reporting by Nichola Groom)
April 20 Keycorp
* Keycorp - sees FY 2017 net interest income in range $3.7 billion - $3.8 billion - SEC filing
* Keycorp sees 2017 non-interest expense in the range of $3.65 billion to $3.75 billion
* Keycorp- for FY 2017 sees net charge-offs to average loans below targeted range of 40-60 BPS - SEC filing
* Keycorp says for 2017 expect provision to slightly exceed net charge-offs to provide for loan growth
* Keycorp - sees FY 2017 average deposits in range $104 billion - $105 billion - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2opIeqV) Further company coverage:
Apr 23, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell reacts after saving par on the sixth green during the final round of the Valero Texas Open golf tournament at TPC San Antonio - AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 23, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell watches their tee shot on the seventh hole during the final round of the Valero Texas Open golf tournament at TPC San Antonio - AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 23, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell celebrates after sinking their last putt to win the Valero Texas Open at TPC San Antonio- AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
Apr 23, 2017; San Antonio, TX, USA; Kevin Chappell celebrates after sinking their last putt to win the Valero Texas Open at TPC San Antonio- AT&T Oaks Course. Mandatory Credit: Soobum Im-USA TODAY Sports
Kevin Chappell ended a frustrating run of near misses when they clinched their first PGA tour title with a one-stroke triumph over fellow American Brooks Koepka at the Texas Open on Sunday.
Chappell let out a scream of ecstasy after sinking their winning putt, an eight-foot birdie at the final hole at TPC San Antonio.
Their elation was understandable, following six previous runner-up finishes on tour, including four last season.
“I'm just excited I don't have to answer that question (again) of what do I have to do to win,” Chappell said in a greenside interview after closing with a 68 to finish at 12-under-par 276.
“I was really calm all day. I know it's very cliché, we all say that when we get it done, but I was calm. I never freaked out. Playing the last, it was simple, make four and you win.”
Chappell, equal seventh at the Masters two weeks ago, will jump into the top 25 in the world rankings, after starting the Texas Open ranked 41st.
Regarded as an excellent ball-striker whose putting does not always match the quality of their long game, they seemed in danger of coming up short again after three-putting from 80 feet from the fringe at the penultimate hole.
But the 30-year-old made amends at the last, starting their winning putt just outside the left edge of the hole and watching with delight as the ball broke just enough to topple in.
Koepka made a bold challenge on another windy day, notching eight birdies in a 65 before waiting in the clubhouse to see if they would get into a playoff.
But Koepka came up one stroke short as Chappell, in their 180th start on tour, finally found out what it felt like to win.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Clare Fallon and Ken Ferris)
* Executives braced for questions over sales practices
* Shares down 6 percent since CBC News reports
* TD under pressure to respond to allegations
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, March 29 Executives at Toronto-Dominion Bank will on Thursday face shareholders for the first time since media reports suggested branch staff were pressured to meet sales targets, causing its shares to tumble.
Chief Executive Bharat Masrani is expected to be grilled by investors about how Canada's second-biggest lender is responding to the reports and whether the bank plans to scrap or re-shape sales incentives for branch staff, industry sources said.
TD's shares are currently trading around 6 percent below the level they were at before a March 10 report by CBC News, Canada's public broadcaster, that cited branch staff as saying they moved customers to higher fee accounts and raised their overdraft and credit card limits without their knowledge.
CBC News later reported that staff at Canada's other big banks had admitted to similar behavior.
TD and the other banks have defended their practices. But Canada's financial watchdog has said it will start a review of their business practices in April.
"There is tremendous pressure on all bank employees to sell bank products and there has been for quite a period of time. Their evaluation is done on the basis of moving product," said Tom Caldwell, chairperson of Caldwell Securities, which holds shares in all of Canada's major banks.
Banks in Britain have stopped sales incentives for branch staff after a number of selling scandals and U.S. bank Wells Fargo & Co ended the practice earlier this year.
Some analysts have said similar moves in Canada could ultimately hurt banks' profits.
The issue has exposed Canadian banks to an unusually high degree of public and media scrutiny in recent weeks.
The banks came through the 2007-09 financial crisis without any failures and have, until now, managed to avoid the types of sales scandals that affected lenders in the United States and Europe. They have also remained popular with both retail and institutional investors, largely because of the high dividend yields they offer.
"Canadians have a love-hate relationship with their banks," said Norman Levine, managing director of Portfolio Management Corp. "They hate doing business with them but they love owning their shares and I don't see anything out there that is going to change that."
TD's annual meeting will be followed next week by Bank of Nova Scotia and Bank of Montreal on Tuesday and Royal Bank of Canada and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce on Thursday.
(Additional reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by Dan Grebler)
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
WASHINGTON, April 20 Federal Reserve Governor Jerome Powell expressed support Thursday for removing the qualitative standard applied by regulators to regular stress testing of banks.
Powell said that applying a qualitative standard after the financial crisis played a key role in getting banks to understand their risks. But as banks have improved their books after the financial crisis, the need for that part of the regular stress test has lessened. "We've seen a great deal of progress," they said. “I do think we're getting to the point where qualitative supervision of risk management can no longer be part of the stress test but will return to being part of the normal supervision of firms." (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Euro falls on weak German, Spanish inflation numbers
* U.S. crude rises to trade above $50
* S&P 500 hits the highest level in seven sessions (Updates with U.S. markets, changes comment, dateline from previous LONDON)
By Rodrigo Campos
NEW YORK, March 30 Equities in key world markets edged higher on Thursday, supported by an advance in U.S. crude to trade above $50 per barrel for the first time in three weeks, while stocks on Wall Street also got a lift from growth data.
The euro slipped after data showed easing inflation in Spain and Germany, paring back bets on tighter policy from the European Central Bank.
Oil prices rose after Kuwait gave its backing for an extension of OPEC production cuts in an attempt to reduce global oversupply.
"There is a significant chance that a short-to-medium-term bottom has been found," said Tamas Varga, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
U.S. crude last rose 1.6 percent to $50.30 a barrel and Brent traded at $52.92, up 1.0 percent on the day.
Banks and energy led U.S. stocks higher as oil prices rose and gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent annualized rate instead of the previously reported 1.9 percent pace. Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was revised up.
Much of the move in U.S. stocks, which drove them to record highs earlier this month, is predicated on the Trump administration's commitment to return to a 4 percent economic growth.
Failure last week to pass a major campaign promise to revamp U.S. healthcare called into question Trump's ability to deliver a tax reform even if their party controls the two chambers of Congress.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 56.07 points, or 0.27 percent, to 20,715.39, the S&P 500 gained 5.4 points, or 0.23 percent, to 2,366.53 and the Nasdaq Composite added 6.08 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,903.63.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was at its highest in seven sessions.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.47 percent, underpinned by a rise in oil stocks. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe rose 0.08 percent.
Emerging market stocks fell 0.21 percent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan closed less than 0.1 percent lower while Japan's Nikkei dropped 0.8 percent.
GREENBACK GAINS FURTHER
The dollar index ticked up 0.14 percent with the euro down 0.39 percent to $1.0724, weakened by the inflation data.
The soft inflation numbers compounded a Reuters report on Wednesday citing sources close to the ECB who said officials there were unhappy with a shift in market expectations toward tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"That sort of off-the-record briefing that came through (Wednesday) and German inflation this morning do seem to have pulled the rug from under the euro," said Nick Parsons, a strategist with National Australia Bank in London.
Sterling bounced from a one-week low of $1.2375 hit Wednesday, and was last trading at $1.2489, up 0.46 percent on the day.
The dollar index briefly turned lower earlier after a CNBC report said the Trump administration is "assessing the scope of its power to penalize countries whose currencies it believes are undervalued."
The report provided no details about how the administration would do this.
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields rose slightly with support of the GDP data. Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 7/32 in price to yield 2.4125 percent.
Spot gold fell 0.3 percent to $1,247.96 an ounce. U.S. gold futures fell 0.5 percent to $1,247.40 an ounce. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London and Dion Rabouin & Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss in New York; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
(Agencia CMA Latam) - Colcap, the main index of the Colombian Stock Exchange, fell 0.93% near the end of Friday's trade to 1,566.21 points due to weakness from Ecopetrol and Bancolombia.
Felipe Espitia, an analyst at Alianza Valores, noted that the state-owned oil company falls by profit-taking by investors after Thursday's rise and the drop recorded by oil prices abroad.
The shares of ISA (+1.52%), Cemargos (+0.70%), EEB (+0.25%), and Corficolombiana (+0.22%) are rising, while Éxito (-3.24%), Ecopetrol (-3.07%), and Preferencial Bancolombia (-1.71%) trade lower.
The locally traded U.S. dollar closed at 2,842.00 Colombian pesos, marking a 1.71% rise, due to the euro's retreat. Natalia Granados, an analyst at Global Securities, noted that the greenback rebound against the main G-10 currencies after the losses in the previous day. The euro receded despite the economic optimism in the region after the new data release.
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
SUBARU'S Outback first appeared in 1996, long before most of us knew what the SUV acronym meant. It has stayed competitive for 22 years and five generations.
The current model, launched in 2015, has just been updated with higher safety and infotainment specification, a new dash, tweaks to the volume selling combination of 2.5-litre petrol engine and continuously variable transmission to improve efficiency and refinement, plus a fiddle with suspension tuning to enhance ride comfort.
There is no longer a manual option; the Outback range is exclusively CVT.
VALUE
The Outback 2.5i petrol is $36,250 and the turbo diesel 2.0D is $38,740. The Premium 2.5i, which we're testing here, is $42,640; Premium 2.0D is $45,640.
Subaru's 3.6-litre "boxer" engine is fitted to the 3.6R, priced at $49,140.
The Outback still represents a lot of SUVs for relatively modest money but the Premium model now has a bunch of keenly priced competitors on its tail, so it's no longer the standout family freighter it once was.
Our Car of the Year, the Skoda Kodiaq, and Mazda's CX-9 are direct rivals on price and size, with the bonus of a couple of fold-up kid seats in the boot, as do Hyundai's Santa Fe and the Kia Sorento. Holden is also having a tilt with its new Calais V6 Tourer, a jacked-up ZB Commodore wagon with class leading performance from its 235kW 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive, at a pretty sharp $45,990.
2018 Subaru Outback: A lot of SUVs for relatively modest money.
Peugeot's new 5008 seven-seater is in the mix, too, starting at $42,990.
So the Outback Premium update is timely.
Subaru's new infotainment features a larger head unit with an eight-inch touchscreen that's also mounted higher on the dash, so it's easier to reach and to read. Big, responsive icons get you around the various menus.
Timely update: Larger infotainment head unit, smartphone mirroring and voice control.
Apple CarPlay/Android Auto connectivity is included, as is Tom Tom navigation and voice control that works - most of the time - across all infotainment functions and will read text messages.
The dash itself has a richer look, with more high gloss black plastic, stitching around the instrument panel and a new, sportyish, leather-wrapped steering wheel. Fit and finish are outstanding.
Premium spec adds power adjustable, heated, leather-wrapped front seats, sunroof, heated, folding side mirrors and power tailgate.
COMFORT
You sit on rather than in Premium's generously padded, super-sized driver's seat, so while it's comfortable enough, upper body support is minimal. Being perched so high relative to the dash creates the impression that the Outback is bigger than it really is.
The flat rear bench, also elevated, has ample legroom and is well suited for kids, although the centre belt spools out of the roof. Two USB charge ports have been added for 2018; vents are also fitted.
Outback cabin: Comfortable and gives impression of space.
A relatively small boot is easily extended to a longer, flat floor; power operation, a couple of bag hooks and integrated load cover are useful.
This time, the suspension seems to have been softened, and Outback's ride is supple and quiet on all surfaces, assisted by big, baggy Bridgestone Dueler tyres.
SAFETY
The Premium's safety specification was already formidable thanks to the twin camera-based EyeSight set-up with adaptive cruise control and autonomous emergency braking plus radar-based Vision Assist with blind spot monitoring and rear cross traffic alert.
It is further strengthened with higher resolution front cameras, faster image processing, LED headlights that turn in response to steering inputs and have automatic beam and brightness adjustment, front and side view cameras and lane keeping.
Nothing else at the price matches the Premium's level of driver assist safety tech.
DRIVING
Subaru claims to have sharpened up the CVT's responsiveness and, if you use the paddles, you now have seven pre-sets rather than six. The drivetrain is smooth and quiet, performance is adequate, yet the 2.5 now feels rather weak and sluggish compared to most of its rivals, even in Sport mode.
On the highway, expect 7-8L/100km; in town, assisted by auto stop-start (which kicks in with a clunk), you'll do 9-12L/100km on regular unleaded.
In handling, the Outback also has come back to the pack - more correctly, the pack has caught up. The suspension now feels underdamped, so on bumpy surfaces it can get a little twitchy and the body isn't tightly tied down.
Outback: Ground clearance, full-size spare and X-Mode tech enhance off-road ability.
Lifeless steering and brakes that lack power also mean the Subaru is no longer a class-leading drive.
Subaru's X-Mode - a simulated low-range - plus a useful 213mm of ground clearance and full-size spare give the Outback greater off-bitumen adventuring potential than most SUVs.
HEART SAYS
My family's protection is top priority so I want the safest wagon I can find at a reasonable price.
HEAD SAYS
Hits the sweet spot for size and price, Subaru is a blue-chip Japanese brand with strong resale values, and I want something that can tackle a dirt track with confidence.
ALTERNATIVES
HOLDEN CALAIS TOURER FROM $45,999
Haven't driven this but in the RS wagon the same 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive set-up is a beauty and it should handle. Lots of safety tech and fruit, including leather. Boot volume is 560L.
SKODA KODIAQ FROM $42,990
Superior to the Outback in performance, fuel economy and dynamics and has seven seats. You have to spend another $4900 for equivalent luxe and safety specification. Boot is 630L.
VERDICT
3 stars
More safety for your dollar than anything else in the class and, for many parents, that will be enough. In several other respects, notably performance, dynamics and practicality, newer players have overtaken the Outback.
No title, From: Supplied
SUBARU OUTBACK 2.5i PREMIUM
PRICE $42,640 (reasonable)
SERVICING/WARRANTY 3 years w'ty (short); $2281 for 3 years (expensive)
ENGINE 2.5-litre 4-cyl, 129kW/235Nm (below average)
SAFETY 5 stars, 6 airbags, AEB, adaptive cruise, blind spot monitoring, rear cross traffic alert (best in class)
THIRST 7.3L/100km (average)
SPARE Full-size alloy (Big tick!)
BOOT 512L (small)
UPDATE 1-Thousands rally in Turkey after opposition lawmaker jailed
ANKARA, June 15 Several thousand people took to the streets of Turkey's two biggest cities on Thursday to protest against a 25-year prison sentence handed down to an opposition lawmaker on spying charges.
* Marquez wins in Texas for fifth year in a row
* Spaniard also started on pole for fifth year
* Rossi finishes second to take championship lead
* Vinales loses MotoGP lead after early crash (Adds quotes)
AUSTIN, Texas, April 23 Triple MotoGP world champion Marc Marquez took their fifth successive Grand Prix of the Americas victory on Sunday while 38-year-old Italian great Valentino Rossi surged into the championship lead.
Rossi finished runner-up and three seconds behind Marquez to take over at the top after Yamaha teammate Maverick Vinales, winner of the season's first two races, crashed out on the second lap.
The Italian now has 56 points after three races with Vinales on 50 and Marquez moving up to third on 38.
Marquez had crashed in the previous race at Argentina's Termas de Rio Hondo circuit while leading from pole but they made no mistakes this time after starting from the top slot for the fifth year in a row at the Circuit of the Americas.
They lost out at the start to Honda teammate and fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa, who made a great getaway from the second row of the grid, but was always biding their time.
"At the beginning I tried to stay calm because I chose the hard front tyre and I didn't know the feeling...after Argentina it looked really far but now again we are there and really close," said Marquez.
With Vinales gone, their bike sliding from under them at turn 18, the two Honda riders battled each other for the lead until Marquez made a move stick on the ninth of 21 laps and began pulling away.
Rossi was given a 0.3-second penalty for gaining an advantage by cutting the track on lap seven but made sure that was of no consequence by passing Pedrosa for second place on lap 19 and finishing more than two seconds clear.
"It was a very difficult race but I was able to stay very close to the Hondas, "said Rossi, whose penalty came after the Italian and French rookie Johann Zarco almost touched and they took evasive action.
"Some times I lost a bit but I could stay more or less (with them) because I had some points of the track where I was very strong.
"I'm very happy we are at the top and have a lot of points and also it's my best result in Austin."
Britain's Cal Crutchlow finished fourth after a late battle with Zarco, who crossed the line in fifth place. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Ken Ferris and Clare Fallon)
April 5 Teck Resources Ltd
* Teck Resources - Caisse de depot et placement tendered 1.6 million class A shares of co for conversion into same number of class B subordinate voting shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Two anti-abortion activists were charged in California with filming Planned Parenthood workers without their consent while the pair posed as representatives of a fake company seeking to buy fetal tissue, prosecutors said.
David Daleiden and Sandra Merritt were charged with 15 felonies on Tuesday on suspicion of illegally filming the healthcare workers in Los Angeles, San Francisco and El Dorado counties from October 2013 to July 2015, State Attorney General Xavier Becerra said in a statement.
"The right to privacy is a cornerstone of California's Constitution, and a right that is foundational in a free democratic society," Becerra said. "We will not tolerate the criminal recording of confidential conversations."
Daleiden leads the Center for Medical Progress, a California-based nonprofit that said in a statement late on Tuesday that they had done nothing wrong.
"The bogus charges from Planned Parenthood's political cronies are fake news," the Center wrote on Facebook. The group said it planned to release more videos exposing what it called "Planned Parenthood's criminal baby body parts enterprise."
Neither Daleiden nor Merritt could be reached for further comment.
The pair created false identities and BioMax Procurement Services, a phony company that purported to be a buyer of fetal tissue, according to the complaint.
They then posed as BioMax representatives at conferences hosted by Planned Parenthood, the National Abortion Federation and other women's healthcare providers, the complaint said.
While at the meetings, Daleiden and Merritt secretly filmed conversations with health care workers, the complaint said.
Several videos that were released by the Center in 2015 purported to show Planned Parenthood employees discussing the sale of aborted fetal tissue, which is illegal in the United States if done for a profit.
Among them was a video recorded at a Houston-area Planned Parenthood office. In January 2016, a grand jury in Harris County, Texas, cleared the local Planned Parenthood affiliate of wrongdoing and indicted Daleiden and Merritt for using fake driver's licenses to gain access to that facility.
Prosecutors later dismissed the case, however, saying they could not adequately investigate under state law.
Planned Parenthood said Tuesday's charges against Daleiden and Merritt sent "a clear message."
"You can't target women and health care providers without consequences," the organization said on Twitter. (Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Laila Kearney in New York; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Lisa Von Ahn)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Shoppers roam the aisles at the Safeway store in Wheaton, Maryland February 13, 2015. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
NEW YORK U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened in early April as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its strongest level since November 2000, a private survey released on Thursday showed.
The University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers said its preliminary April consumer sentiment index rose to 98.0, up from a final March reading of 96.9. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 96.5.
"Consumer sentiment inched upward in early April mainly due to more favorable views of current economic conditions," the survey's chief economist Richard Curtin said in a statement.
Consumers' outlook on the economy improved following Republican Donald Trump's presidential win in November. Some consumers have hoped for more jobs and higher income due to tax cuts, infrastructure spending and looser regulations that Trump pledged during their campaign.
The survey's gauge on current economic conditions climbed to 115.2 in early April, which was the highest since November 2000. This compared with the March final reading of 113.2 and a forecast of 112.4.
Consumer sentiment is seen as a predictor of consumer spending which accounts for more than two-thirds of the U.S. economy.
"The continued improvement in the headline index since November remains consistent with strong consumer sentiment, although this confidence has yet to translate into stronger activity for the household sector, with retail sales and personal consumption data for January and February coming in on the soft side," Barclays economist Blerina Uruçi wrote in a research note.
The survey's barometer on consumer expectations edged up to 86.9 from the March final figure of 86.5 and a forecast of 86.0.
There remained a sharp divide on the outlook on the economy based on political party affiliation, Curtin said.
Republicans in general anticipated better times ahead, while Democrats on average were gloomy. This resulted in a 50.5-point gap between the two groups' economic outlook, according to the latest University of Michigan survey.
Consumers' inflation outlook in a year and five years was unchanged from late March at 2.5 percent and 2.4 percent, respectively.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
LLEIDA, Spain (AP) — Clashes have erupted between police and protesters in Spain's northeastern Catalan city of Lleida after a judicial ruling ordered the city's museum to return 44 pieces of religious art to the neighboring regional government of Aragon.
Regional police cordoned off the area around Lleida Museum early Monday as technicians prepared to remove the disputed artwork.
Several hundred people turned up to protest the transfer and there were brief scuffles and police baton charges as officers tried to move them further away from the museum.
An Aragon provincial court had given till Monday for the museum to hand over the art — which was originally housed in the region's Sijena monastery — following a 2015 court ruling.
Advertisement
Catalonia bought the art from nuns in 1983 but the court ruled the sale illegal.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China's Commerce Ministry says:
* Approves pilot scheme in parallel vehicle imports in 8 cities (Reporting by Judy Hua)
Putin says Russia's key interest rate should not be changed too sharply
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday it was important that the central bank did not change Russia's key interest rate too sharply.
NEW YORK The U.S. Federal Communications Commission may announce the winners of the government's $19.8 billion spectrum auction as early as Thursday, industry officials told Reuters.
The broadcast incentive spectrum auction is one of the commission's most complex and ambitious to date attracting wireless and other telecommunications companies who are buying television airwaves from broadcasters for wireless use.
Companies plan to use the spectrum to build new networks or improve existing coverage. An FCC spokesperson declined to comment on when the results will be announced.
The FCC said last year that 62 bidders made upfront payments to take part, including AT&T Inc (T.N), Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N), Dish Network Corp (DISH.O), T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) - which is controlled by Deutsche Telekom (DTEGn.DE), Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) and U.S. Cellular Corp (USM.N).
Recon Analytics analyst Roger Entner said "it will be interesting to see if T-Mobile will get a nationwide license and how much more on top of that; if Verizon was actually bidding; how much and where Comcast and the other cable guys were bidding/winning (nationwide or just their markets)," in an email on Thursday.
BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk said in a 2016 research note they believed Comcast had made an auction deposit of $1.8 billion and AT&T and T-Mobile each made deposits of more than $2 billion, citing company financial statements. The companies have declined to confirm how much they made in deposits, citing FCC rules.
U.S. Cellular said in a securities filing in February it had "submitted bids for a minimum amount of $327 million" in the auction.
From the auction closing, a quiet period extends for 10 business days preventing some companies from talking to participants about potential tie-ups or mergers.
Of the $19.8 billion being raised to acquire 84 megahertz of spectrum, more than $6 billion will go to reduce the U.S. deficit, more than $10 billion will go to broadcasters that chose to relinquish spectrum rights, and up to $1.75 billion for other broadcasters that incur costs in changing channels.
In June, the FCC said sellers had initially sought $86.4 billion for 126 megahertz. Many analysts had expected broadcasters to earn substantially more.
In February, Twenty-First Century Fox Inc's Fox Television unit (FOXA.O) said it would receive about $350 million in proceeds from spectrum sales. Tribune Media Co (TRCO.N) said it expected $190 million in proceeds from the auction.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in February "these low-band airwaves will improve wireless coverage across the country."
The spectrum will transition over 39 months. Some stations will transition to a new band and a new channel, while others will move off-air. Those going off the air must give at least 30 days notice.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Bernard Orr)
April 3 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Cenovus Energy Inc will delay its move into Brookfield Place east tower by a year due to a drop in oil prices and the consequent activity slowdown. tgam.ca/2n3xYbq
** Backed by a Federal Court of Canada order, the Canada Revenue Agency told Square Canada Inc it must hand over sales transaction data for all Canadian sellers who took in more than $20,000 annually in the calendar years between 2012 and 2015 or during Jan. 1-April 30, 2016. tgam.ca/2n3DhYq
NATIONAL POST
** Major Canadian oil companies could face tens of millions of dollars in liabilities as a result of tiny Lexin Resources Ltd's insolvency and its inability to clean up over 1,500 oil and gas wells in Alberta, which has doubled the number of orphan wells in the province. bit.ly/2n3D3jI
** Ontario NDP deputy leader Jagmeet Singh is building a national campaign team and appears poised to enter the federal party's leadership race. bit.ly/2n3zrya
($1 = 1.3343 Canadian dollars) (Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
LONDON, April 5 British housebuilder Galliford Try said on Wednesday it would not make a formal bid for fellow builder Bovis, the second of two suitors to pull out of a potential buyout of the ailing firm.
Bovis, whose CEO quit in January following a profit warning resulting from a failure to build enough homes on time, has been subject to takeover speculation since a major shareholder wrote to another builder suggesting a tie-up earlier this year.
"It has... become clear to the Board of Galliford Try that it is not possible to secure the support of the Board of Bovis on terms that represent the best interests of Galliford Try shareholders," the firm said on Wednesday.
Fellow builder Redrow said last week it would not make a formal offer after its initial bid was rejected at too low. (Reporting by Costas Pitas, Editing by Paul Sandle)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - AVANZA BANK:
* ‍NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS AT AVANZA HAS DURING JANUARY 2018 INCREASED BY 22,600​
* NO OF CUSTOMERS IN JANUARY 2018 AMOUNTED TO 733,200 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
May 2 PJT Partners Inc:
* PJT Partners Inc reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue rose 5 percent to $121 million
* PJT Partners Inc - qtrly net income per share of class A common $0.07 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta (2nd R) and Deputy President William Ruto (3rd R) listen to Bishop John Brown Masinde during a church service at Deliverance Church Umoja in Nairobi, Kenya August 6, 2017. Kenyatta, who six years ago was sitting in the dock in The Hague on charges of crimes against humanity for orchestrating the 2007 violence, urged a peaceful vote and outcome. "No matter the result of this election, we must stand together as one people. Above all, we must reject intimidation. We must reject violence or any attempt to divide us," they said in a televised national address. "We are all Kenyans." The case against them collapsed in 2015 for lack of evidence. Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS
Close
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
May 3 Iridex Corp
* Iridex announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue fell 12 percent to $10.5 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $46 million to $49 million
* Iridex-Continues to anticipate for full year 2017 sales of 400 to 450 g6 systems, currently expects g6 probe shipments to range from 35,000 to 40,000
* Iridex Corp qtrly loss per share $0.16
* Iridex-For full year 2017 expects revenue from its medical retina business will decline in low single digits with some "quarter-to-quarter lumpiness"
* Iridex Corp - For full year 2017 expects revenue from surgical retina business will continue to decline in mid-to-high single digits
* Iridex Corp - Revenue growth is expected to be more heavily weighted towards second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
* New chairperson says open to merger deal
* Bank in no position to pay dividends, is short of capital
* Shares close down 9.6 pct to record lows
* Ignacio Sanchez-Asiain named as the bank's new CEO (Adds appointment of new CEO in paragraph 3)
By Jesús Aguado
MADRID, April 10 Spain's struggling Banco Popular is looking at a another capital hike to clean up a balance sheet weighed down by billions of euros in toxic assets and would consider a merger deal, its new chairperson said on Monday.
Speaking publicly for the first time since they took over, Chairman Emilio Saracho sought to draw a line under the management of their predecessor, Angel Ron, who was ousted by shareholders last December.
On Monday afternoon, they named a new chief executive, Ignacio Sanchez-Asiain, a senior banker who worked at Spain's second-biggest lender BBVA, in the third leadership shake-up since last July.
Saracho said Popular likely needed more capital after raising 2.5 billion euros ($2.6 billion) last year, and would not rule out a merger as the solution to coping with its 36 billion euros of non-performing real estate assets.
Higher than expected charges on these loans have eroded the bank's capital position, prompting 3.5 billion euros in losses for last year and fuelling talk it could be a takeover target.
"Under the right conditions, we could go to the market and ask investors for additional capital, or, eventually, we could participate in a round of consolidation," Saracho said.
Part of Popular's value came from its independence, Saracho said, but that did not mean the bank would not consider a deal that recognised the value of its brand.
Saracho's comments drove Popular's shares to a record low, closing down 9.6 percent. The shares are the worst performers on the European STOXX banking index over the past year, falling almost 60 percent against a 30 percent rise in the index.
CAPITAL SHORTAGE
Saracho, a former JPMorgan vice-president, said Popular would work on selling off non-strategic holdings and was in no position to pay shareholders dividends due to its shortage of capital.
Analysts said these non-strategic assets included its Wizink credit card business and Totalbank franchise in the United States.
Under Ron, Popular was planning to hive off 6 billion euros of its property assets into a separate division to help reduce its non-performing real estate portfolio by 15 billion by 2018.
Saracho did not mention the plan directly, but said they did not like "complex structures" to generate capital and the lender would continue to work on selling off real estate assets.
Popular's problems mounted last week when it said it would revise its 2016 results and sources said it might book additional losses of around 240 million euros as a result of an internal audit.
Small investors voiced their anger about the accounting corrections and some demanded an investigation. "The solution is ... to clarify what has happened," one of them, Maria Flora Ruiz Nunez, said at the event.
Board secretary Francisco Aparicio Valls said the changes to accounts were due to technicalities and were not intended to hide anything.
($1 = 0.9454 euros) (Writing by Angus Berwick; Editing by Julien Toyer and Mark Potter)
LONDON, March 29 European shares edged higher on Wednesday as Britain was set to formally trigger divorce proceedings with the European Union it joined in 1973.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was 0.2 percent higher by 0820 GMT, with modest gains driven by broker upgrades and results.
Markets were muted as investors awaited details on the two parties' negotiating positions ahead of long and complex talks.
Britain's FTSE 100 rose 0.4 percent, outperforming the broader European market, as a weaker pound contributed to gains for its largely foreign-earning stocks.
The more domestically-exposed British mid caps fell 0.1 percent.
Basic resource stocks were among top sectoral gainers, up 0.6 percent as the price of copper rose, with autos also rising 1.1 percent.
3I Group was the top European gainer, up 3.2 percent after Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the private equity group to 'overweight' from 'equal-weight'.
Norsk Hydro was up 2.7 percent after ratings agency Moody's upgraded its baseline credit assessment of the aluminium producer to Baa2 from Baa3.
Engie rose 2.6 percent, top of France's CAC 40 , after JP Morgan upgraded its view on the gas and electricity supplier to overweight from neutral.
German internet services company Scout24 was the worst-performing European stock after posting results, set for its worst day in 3 1/2 months, after its results
Swedish bank SEB was down 5.1 percent after going ex-dividend. (Reporting by Helen Reid, editing by Kit Rees)
MILAN/LONDON European shares are expected to make single-digit gains this year and in early 2018 as a brighter economic outlook and cheap valuations Trump political concerns, a Reuters poll found.
Wednesday's poll of brokers, fund managers and analysts taken over the past week predicts a rise of between about 5 percent and 6 percent for the STOXX 600 and Euro STOXX 50 .STOXX50E indexes in 2017 with yet more gains next year.
"The better economic and inflation outlook should make the region strongly appealing," Société Générale's head of European equity strategy in Paris, Roland Kaloyan, said.
"Euro zone equities, meanwhile, are trading at a 47-percent discount to their U.S. counterparts on price to book value, while the euro has also significantly weakened," they said.
Uncertainty persists ahead of France's presidential election in April and May and Germany's national vote in September with Europe's political future after the shock Brexit vote last year fuelling fears of a populist wave across the region.
But the worst concerns appear to be easing, as signs grow that Europe's economic recovery is gaining strength.
The STOXX 600 and Euro STOXX 50 indexes are seen at 380 and 3,500 points respectively by the end of 2017, an upward revision from estimates collected last quarter when they were expected to reach 366 points and 3,255 points.
The indexes are seen rising to 400 and 3,690 points by the middle of 2018, according to estimates collected in this poll.
"Populist momentum is likely to falter by mid-2017," ETX Capital senior market analyst, Neil Wilson, said.
The pan-European benchmark and the euro zone's index of the top 50 firms have both risen between 4 percent and 5 percent this year, broadly in line with gains seen in the United States.
Financial stocks are expected to be a major driver behind the rally in European stocks in the coming months, in what should favour indexes such as Italy's FTSE MIB .FTMIB and Spain's IBEX .IBEX, which are heavily geared towards banks.
The banking sector is seen best positioned to reap the benefits of rising interest rates and inflation after years of sluggish growth, exacerbated more recently by the European Central Bank's ultra-loose monetary policy.
Poll medians predict France's CAC .FCHI making 3 percent gains this year, Germany's DAX .GDAXI 4.5 percent and Italy's FTSE MIB .FTMIB surging 10 percent.
Lex van Dam Trading Academy's global investment strategist, James Helliwell, sees European equities as "the buying opportunity of the decade".
"There remains an 'anxiety premium' to be realised over fears of a euro zone breakup, whilst the global reflation trade and broadening global capital flows will benefit all of the major European indices in 2017," they said.
(Other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll:)
(Additional reporting by Elisa Anzolin in Milan, Helen Reid in London, and Vartika Sahu and Hari Kishan in Bengaluru; Editing by Louise Ireland)
March 31 Abs Cbn Corp
* Reply to exchange's request for confirmation on news article entitled “ABS-CBN allocates p8b for 2017 capex” posted in Manila Standard.net
* Confirms the veracity of the news article “ABS-CBN allocates p8b for 2017 capex” Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Ernest Borel Holdings Ltd:
* Sit Yau Chiu , existing chairperson and an executive director of company, has been appointed as chief executive officer
* Su Da's employment as chief executive officer was terminated Source text (bit.ly/2ob1A6z) Further company coverage:
HELSINKI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Finnish tyre maker Nokian Tyres reported on Friday rising quarterly profits thanks to growth in North America and Europe.
Nokian, which has a large plant in Russia and a smaller one in Finland, said fourth-quarter operating profit rose 13 percent from a year earlier to 122.6 million euros ($153.1 million), roughly in line with analysts' average expectation of 121 million euros in a Reuters poll. Nokian said it expected growing sales and profits for this year, adding that raw material costs should be on the 2017 level and that it will be helped by its recent factory expansion in Russia. ($1 = 0.8006 euros) (Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl, editing by Johannes Hellstrom)
HONG KONG, March 29 Fosun International Ltd , China's largest private conglomerate, expects the departure of two top executives to have a short-term impact on its business, Chairman Guo Guangchang said on Wednesday.
The Shanghai-based conglomerate said late on Tuesday Chief Executive Liang Xinjun and Ding Guoqi, an executive director of Fosun and former chief financial officer, had resigned. Liang stepped down for health reasons and Ding to spend more time with their family, the company said in a securities filing.
Fosun also reported a 28 percent increase in profit in 2016 to 10.3 billion yuan ($1.5 billion).
The company named Wang Qunbin, one of its billionaire co-founders, as new CEO. ($1 = 6.8904 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Julie Zhu; Writing by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc said on Monday its experimental lead antibiotic succeeded in a second late-stage study, bringing it one step closer to applying for marketing approvals in the United States and Europe.
The drug, omadacycline, belongs to a new class of tetracycline antibiotics, which were launched in the 1950s to treat skin, respiratory and other infections.
Paratek's omadacycline, which was being tested against an existing antibiotic called moxifloxacin, met the main goals in a late-stage study in patients with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP), which is considered a leading cause of death due to infection.
In the 774-patient trial, there were twelve deaths - eight in those that were given omadacycline and four in the moxifloxacin arm. None of the fatalities were considered drug related, Chief Executive Officer Michael Bigham told Reuters.
Omadacycline, which is being evaluated for oral and intravenous therapy, has already cleared a separate late-stage study in acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI).
The infection, often treated with intravenous therapies, involves deep tissue or is associated with an underlying disease such as diabetes. ABSSSI leads to more than 5 million hospitalizations each year in the United States and Western Europe.
The drug is also being tested in a third late-stage study for serious skin infection.
Paratek plans to submit U.S. and European marketing applications for the drug in 2018.
The drug has already been granted qualified infectious disease product designation and fast-track status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that may help secure approval for the treatment as early as the end of next year, the CEO said.
Bigham did not disclose the company's pricing strategy but pointed to Pfizer Inc's recently approved antibiotic Zyvox, which costs about $3000 for a 10-day course of treatment as a benchmark.
Separately, Paratek and Allergan Plc announced positive late-stage acne data from two trials testing their antibiotic, sarecycline, last week.
The need for new antibiotics is mounting as patients build up resistance to older therapies.
But the pace of development has lagged as they are not as profitable as other treatments - such as cancer drugs - and because aggressive marketing tactics only serve to exacerbate their overuse.
Rival drug developer Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals Inc's antibiotic, eravacycline, is also being studied in late-stage trial and belongs to the tetracycline class of antibiotics.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bliss Gvs Pharma Ltd:
* SEEKS SHAREHOLDERS' NOD TO DISINVEST STEP DOWN UNIT BLISS GVS HEALTHCARE, NAIROBI Source text - bit.ly/2s1pFQ5 Further company coverage:
April 6 Daily Mail & General Trust (DMGT) said on Thursday it has appointed Tim Collier as group chief financial officer, filling the post vacated by Stephen Daintith, who left the group to join Rolls-Royce.
Collier, who joins from news and information company Thomson Reuters Corp , takes up the post on May 2, the publisher said.
Collier held the post of CFO at Thomson Reuters' Financial and Risk unit, the company said. (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
President Donald Trump is adding a new lawyer to their legal team in the Russia investigation.
Joseph diGenova, a former United States attorney for the District of Columbia, is scheduled to join the team later this week.
Advertisement
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defense of Trump. They have publicly discussed what they believe is a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton in the email investigation and to "frame" Trump with a "falsely created crime."
DiGenova's addition comes at a sensitive moment in special counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe, as Trump's attorneys weigh whether Trump should submit to an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller and under what terms.
DiGenova will work with Trump's other lawyers in the Russia investigation, John Dowd and Jay Sekulow.
___
2:25 p.m.
The White House is continuing to deny that President Donald Trump is looking to oust special counsel Robert Mueller.
Spokesman Hogan Gidley tells reporters aboard Air Force One that, "there are no conversations or discussions about removing" Mueller.
And they say Trump's recent tweets criticizing Mueller's team are part of their "well-established frustration for more than a year this has been going on."
Trump this weekend lashed out at Mueller on Twitter for the first time by name. Some congressional Republicans feared that was a signal Trump might be considering firing Mueller. On Monday Trump called the probe "a total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!"
Gidley says Trump "believes this is the biggest witch hunt in history."
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller. Any dismissal would have to be carried out by deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein.
__
1:24 a.m.
The White House says President Donald Trump isn't thinking or talking about firing special counsel Robert Mueller.
That's the word from White House lawyer Ty Cobb in a statement late Sunday after a series of Trump tweets revived chatter that the frustrated president may be preparing to have Mueller fired.
Mueller is investigating whether Trump's actions, including last year's ouster of FBI Director James Comey, amount to obstruction of justice.
Trump believes the probe is biased against him, a point they made clear in weekend tweets that jabbed Mueller directly.
Cobb says: "In response to media speculation and related questions being posed to the Administration, the White House yet again confirms that the President is not considering or discussing the firing of the Special Counsel, Robert Mueller."
BOSTON Hedge fund Jana Partners has lined up a handful of people including former Gap Inc Chief Executive Glenn Murphy to serve as possible directors at organic grocery chain Whole Foods Market (WFM.O), a person familiar with the matter said on Monday.
Murphy bought $44 million worth of Whole Foods stock, according to a regulatory filing made by Jana Partners. Additionally Tad Dickson, a former CEO of Harris Teeter Supermarkets, and Meredith Adler, a former Barclays analyst, have committed to serve on Jana's slate. Diane Dietz, former chief marketing officer at Safeway, and food writer Mark Bitman are working with the hedge fund.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Stafford Global: Bringing the University to You Since 1993
Education Free Zone, Ras Al Khaimah Free Zone Authority, United Arab Emirates
People who attend our open days or webinars are exposed to some of the most pressing questions about pursuing an online or distance learning program. Speak to an academic or an admissions expert ONLINE to learn more about how Stafford can cater to all your educational requirements.
Who is invited: All working professionals looking to enhance their qualification and upgrade their careers.
Webinars (prior registration required to receive the webinar link)
University of Northampton
MBA Webinar
01 May 2018
7:30 pm to 8:30 pm
If you choose to attend one of the above open days, please bring along your CV and certificate and mark sheets to get a free CV review and assessment to check your eligibility for available undergraduate and postgraduate programs.
Our partners:
University of Leicester
University of Northampton
University of Nottingham
University of Dundee
Edinburgh Napier University
To register for one of the above events, please visit ourevents page on our blog.
Alternatively, speak to a consultant directlyby requesting a call back.
Media Contact: info@staffordglobal.org / marketing@staffordglobal.org
LONDON Debenhams (DEB.L), Britain's second-biggest department store operator, said on Thursday it would return to growth by closing a few stores, revamping the rest and improving its online service, but concerns about the cost sent its shares lower.
After a strategic review by new Chief Executive Sergio Bucher, a former Amazon (AMZN.O) and Inditex executive, the group also said it would seek efficiencies by simplifying the business.
Debenhams, which posted a 6.4 percent fall in first-half profit, said up to 10 of its 176 UK stores would be reviewed for closure in the next five years, while consultation had begun on closing one central distribution centre and about 10 regional warehouses.
Debenhams, ranked second by revenue behind department store chain John Lewis [JLP.UL], has struggled in Britain's intensely competitive retail market in recent years as consumers spend more on holidays, eating out and events.
“Customers have changed and we need to change too. Over the past four years growth in leisure has been 60 percent higher than growth in retail sales," Bucher said, adding customers were also "increasingly living their lives through their mobile phones."
Debenhams has 19 million UK customers, but Bucher said there was still a lot to fix.
“Some of our stores look tired and old, the online experience is not as good as it could be and we have so many promotions our customers struggle to know when it's the right time to shop," they said.
They said some customers complained that Debenhams had "got really great stuff but you have to work hard to find it.”
GROW BEAUTY
Bucher said they would upgrade mobile systems and the supply chain and invest in stores. Growth would come from offering new products and services, building on strong areas, such as beauty, make-up, handbags, swimwear, costume jewellery and footwear.
"We want to grow beauty to a 1 billion pound business," they said.
Debenhams would switch about 2,000 more staff to customer facing roles, declutter stores with a 10 percent reduction in stock and replenish stock faster. In-store catering would be enhanced.
The firm would also exit some brands and non-core international markets, Bucher said.
Shares in Debenhams, already down a third over the past year, fell up to 5.9 percent as investors fretted about the short-term costs and execution risk of the plan.
Annual capital expenditure would rise from 130 million pounds currently to 150 million pounds between 2018 and 2020, while exceptional costs in 2017-2020 would be 50 million pounds.
"The risks, aside from execution risk..., are that profit before tax is impacted if Debenhams is forced to lower clothing prices to maintain market share," said RBC analyst Richard Chamberlain, who has a "sector perform" rating on the stock.
They said Debenhams could become more cautious on cash returns and closing stores could be expensive given average leases of 20 years.
Debenhams said pretax profit fell 6.4 percent to 87.8 million pounds for the 26 weeks to March 4, in line with market expectations, on revenue up 2.9 percent at 1.68 billion pounds. The interim dividend was maintained at 1.025 pence.
(Editing by Kate Holton and Edmund Blair)
Could you be the one to heat up a cold case? Read it. Share it. Someone out there knows what happened.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth surged in January and wages increased further, recording their largest annual gain in more than 8-1/2 years, bolstering expectations that inflation will push higher this year as the labour market hits full employment.
Nonfarm payrolls jumped by 200,000 jobs last month after rising 160,000 in December, the Labor Department said on Friday.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent. Average hourly earnings rose 0.3 percent in January to $26.74, building on December's solid 0.4 percent gain.
That boosted the year-on-year increase in average hourly earnings to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009, from 2.7 percent in December. Workers, however, put in fewer hours last month likely because of bitterly cold weather.
The average workweek fell to 34.3 hours, the shortest in four months, from 34.5 hours in December.
The robust employment report underscored the strong momentum in the economy, raising the possibility that the Federal Reserve could be a bit more aggressive in raising interest rates this year. The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year after raising borrowing costs three times in 2017.
“The acceleration in average hourly earnings growth punches a hole in the narrative that wage growth remains lackluster,” said Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West in San Francisco. “The Goldilocks view of inflation is being sorely challenged right now.”
Fed officials on Wednesday expressed optimism that inflation will rise towards the central bank's target this year. Policymakers, who voted to keep interest rates unchanged, described the labour market as having “continued to strengthen,” and economic activity as “rising at a solid rate.”
U.S. financial markets have priced in a rate hike in March. Prices for U.S. Treasuries fell, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note hitting a four-year high as investors worried about high inflation. The dollar rose against a basket of currencies on the data while U.S. stocks were trading lower.
The unemployment rate dropped seven-tenths of a percentage point in 2017 and economists expect it to hit 3.5 percent by the end of the year. Economists say job gains are being driven by buoyant domestic and global demand.
Some worry that the Trump administration's $1.5 billion tax cut package passed by the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress in December, in the biggest overhaul of the tax code in 30 years, could cause the economy, already operating near full capacity, to overheat.
President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans have cast the fiscal stimulus, which includes a reduction in the corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, as creating jobs and boosting economic growth.
“If the labour market is this strong and the tax cuts have yet to kick in, what will it look like when households and businesses actually start spending the money?” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland Pennsylvania. “No good economy goes unpunished and the punishment may already be starting to be meted out.”
FILE PHOTO - Corporate recruiters (R) gesture and shake hands as they talk with job seekers at a Hire Our Heroes job fair targeting unemployed military veterans and sponsored by the Cable Show, a cable television industry trade show in Washington, June 11, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
JOB GROWTH SEEN SLOWING
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast nonfarm payrolls rising by 180,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate unchanged at 4.1 percent. January's jobs gains were above the monthly average of 192,000 over the past three months.
The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.
January marked the first full year of employment data under the Trump administration. Job growth averaged 176,000 per month under the current government, compared to 208,300 during last year of the Obama administration.
Job growth is expected to slow this year as the labour market hits full employment. Companies are already reporting difficulties finding qualified workers, which economists say will force some to significantly raise wages as they compete for scarce labour.
Wage growth last month came as increases in the minimum wage came into effect in 18 states in January. Wages probably also got a lift from the tax cut. Companies like Starbucks Corp (SBUX.O) and FedEx Corp have said they will use some of the savings from lower taxes to boost wages for workers.
Further gains are expected in February when Walmart WMT.N. raises entry-level wages for hourly employees at its U.S. stores. Annual wage growth is now close to the 3 percent that economists say is needed to push inflation towards the Fed's 2 percent target.
But the road to faster wage growth remains long. The year-on-year rise in average hourly earnings for production and non-supervisory workers was stuck at 2.4 percent in January.
A broader measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part time because they cannot find full-time employment, rose one-tenth of a percentage point to 8.2 percent in January.
The unemployment rate for African Americans shot up to 7.7 percent from 6.8 percent and is more than double that of whites.
Manufacturing payrolls increased by 15,000 last month after rising 21,000 in December. The sector is being supported by strong domestic and international demand. A weak dollar is also providing a boost to manufacturing by making U.S.-made goods more competitive on the international market.
Hiring at construction sites picked up last month despite unseasonably cold weather. Construction payrolls increased by 36,000 jobs, adding to December's 33,000 gain.
Retail employment rebounded and the government added jobs following two straight months of declines.
There were also increases in payrolls for professional and business services, leisure and hospitality as well as healthcare and social assistance.
A Swiss national flag flutters in the wind atop the Swiss National Bank SNB headquarters in Bern, Switzerland April 16, 2015. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
BERN Shareholders mounted an unsuccessful revolt against the Swiss National Bank on Friday for a higher payout from the central bank whose massive currency interventions helped it post a 24.5 billion Swiss franc (19.22 billion pounds) profit in 2016.
The Swiss National Bank, a rare central bank with listed shares, has seen a surge in interest from investors seeking alternative assets in a world of low interest rates.
Its stock (SNBN.S) has gained nearly 60 percent over the last year, but some shareholders are disgruntled with the payout that by law has been frozen at 15 francs for nearly a century.
A group of private shareholders proposed changing the bank's rules to allow a higher payment, saying the bank's foreign currency purchases had diluted the value of the Swiss franc.
"Our proposal aims to demonstrate the dilution of the purchasing power of the Swiss franc following the seven-fold increase in the SNB's balance sheet since the financial crisis," said shareholder Blaise Rossellat.
The Geneva business person said the SNB was creating money out of thin air to buy foreign assets and not investing in Switzerland.
They said it was a perfect coincidence that SNB shares were quoted at 1,750 francs at the end of 2016, seven times more than its nominal value of 250 francs.
The SNB dividend is capped at 6 percent of its share capital of 25 million francs, allowing payment of 1.5 million francs.
For 2016 it paid 1.7 billion francs to the federal government and cantons. Remaining profit went into SNB reserves.
The rebel shareholders wanted a payout limit of 6 percent of the market value of the SNB's shares, which could have potentially increased the dividend to 105 francs.
"We are being treated as third-class shareholders," one supporter of the motion told fellow investors.
The motion was aimed not simply at a higher payout, but also to limit the central bank's foreign currency inventions and foster a debate about money creation and the effect on the Swiss economy, Rossellat said.
"The seven-fold multiplication between the historical price of SNB shares and the current market price is a symptom that something is rotten in the monetary kingdom," they said.
The SNB board opposed the motion, which was defeated with 87 percent of votes against a change. Individual shareholders' voting rights are capped at 100 votes, skewing the results. Cantons and cantonal banks control the majority.
SNB shares fell 2.8 percent to 1,845 francs by 1050 GMT.
(Reporting by John Revill, editing by David Evans)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
April 20 EEStor Corporation
* Eestor announces increase to private placement
* Eestor corporation - increasing maximum amount to be raised under its previously announced non-brokered private placement of units to up to c$3.75 million
* Eestor corporation - units being offered at price of c$0.50 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
End
-- USA and India based Sourcing and Procurement Services firm EmpoweringCPO today announced its upgrade for various procurement dashboard and tools. The company has been serving its clients since 5 years now with its diverse portfolio of services and tools. All their services and tools are aimed at enabling enterprises deliver best in class performance for key business outcomes such as reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) and higher savings. These services and tools include Spend Analysis, Strategic Sourcing, Supplier Diversity, Sustainable Procurement, Procurement Intelligence, Procurement Analytics and Low Cost Country Sourcing.As it is said, if you do not keep track of your goals and KPI's you cannot change, improve and accomplish. So for procurement organizations, to improve their effectiveness and efficiency, dashboard and tools are very essential. To increase productivity of their clients EmpoweringCPO offers various dashboard and tools.The CPO dashboard and tools offered by EmpoweringCPO summarizes and tracks procurement organization KPI's and status of different initiatives undertaken such as strategic sourcing project outcome, low cost country sourcing opportunities, CSR goals, internal customer feedback, staff competencies, supplier performance or risk and procurement efficiency. These initiatives can further be divided to different levels to provide insights to CPO and senior management by using various tools such as: Spend Tool, Opportunity Assessment, Compliance Management, Supplier Risk Management, Category Management, Supplier Diversity, and Sustainable Procurement.EmpoweringCPO provides procurement services and tools to enable enterprises deliver best in class performance for key business outcomes such as reduced TCO and higher savings. Procurement Intelligence and Analytics are their key offerings to help clients successfully execute assignments like Spend Analysis, Strategic Sourcing, Supplier Diversity, Sustainable Procurement and ongoing Category Management.They are a team of experienced sourcing professionals. They are easy to work with, they focus on outstanding client service, and work hard to ensure that the results are achieved. They have been serving Fortune 500 companies with global operations for more than 5 years now since their inception in 2011. Their value proposition centers on empowering clients procurement team to achieve their core business, sourcing and procurement objectives. Their fundamental strategy is to be a seamless extension of their client's procurement team.To learn more about this announcement, please contactMedia RelationsPhone: +1-336-441-0020 (USA) / +91-9879564584 (India)www.empoweringcpo.com
TORONTO, April 12 Below are some key quotes from an appearance on Wednesday by Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz in Ottawa following the central bank's decision to hold benchmark interest rates unchanged:
POLOZ ON DEMAND FOR HOUSING IN TORONTO:
"Demand for housing is strong in the greater Toronto area. That's very fundamental. Employment growth has been strong, immigration growth has been strong, so there is obvious demand for housing. In that context, supply, although it has been growing, it has not been growing as fast as demand. So there'd be fundamental upward pressure on prices. We have known that for some time, so that hasn't changed. What has happened in the last year is that things have accelerated from that high teens to the 30 percent zone for price increases. Well, there is no fundamental story that we could tell justifying that kind of inflation rate in housing prices, and so it is that gap between what fundamentals could manage to explain and what is actually happening, which suggests that there is a growing role for speculation in that. In other words, demand is being driven more by speculative demand or investor demand as opposed to just folks that are buying a house."
POLOZ: IT'S TIME TO REMIND FOLKS PRICES OF HOUSES CAN GO DOWN AS WELL AS UP:
"As we've observed more than a year ago in the case of Vancouver, where we had similar kind of data points, when there is that large of a gap between what fundamentals might say and what you actually observe, then there is very unlikely to be a sustainable rate of price increase and I think it is timely to remind folks that prices of houses can go down as well as up."
POLOZ ON WHETHER A RATE CUT REMAINS AN OPTION:
"A rate cut, or further easing in policy, remains possible in the sense that there may be risks that are realized in the outlook, that pull us below the projection that we are offering up today."
"When we talked about that a few months ago we had seen a series of disappointing data points that led us to believe that the risks were beginning to tilt towards to the downside and the uncertainties that we were dealing with were similarly negative."
"And so it's in that context that we discussed the possibility of easing. But in this context, given the data that we've seen in the last few months, I can quite clearly say no, a rate cut was not on the table at this time." (Reporting by Fergal Smith, Alastair Sharp; Assembled by Dan Burns)
LONDON A panel of global regulators could police a new system that allowed Britain and the European Union to use each other's financial rules after Brexit without disrupting markets, an advisory group said on Monday.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney called last week for such a "mutual recognition" system, and on Monday the International Regulatory Strategy Group (IRSG) fleshed out how it could work in practice.
The IRSG, backed by TheCityUK, which promotes Britain as a financial center, and the City of London Corporation, home to the "Square Mile" financial district, said a dispute resolution model would be needed as the EU and UK regulatory systems diverge over time.
The IRSG set out several options, some currently used in free trade agreements, and some that would have to be started from scratch.
"These disputes could be referred to a new independent panel, made up of global standards setters, such as the Financial Stability Board or International Organization of Securities Commissions, or a new panel of experts predominantly from outside the UK and EU," the report said.
Britain has triggered formal divorce talks with the EU, and it is unclear what the trading terms for cross-border financial services will be from 2019.
Reuters has already reported that the IRSG was proposing a mutual recognition model to avoid major disruption of cross-border customer links.
But it is unclear if the EU would accept such a regime, with some of its policymakers wanting an existing, more cumbersome system of EU market access - which banks in Britain want to avoid using - toughened up.
Frankfurt, Paris, Luxembourg and Madrid also hope that financial business will relocate to them after Brexit.
The IRSG said the "criteria for access" to markets should be based on global rules agreed by the FSB, IOSCO or the Basel Committee, which sets bank capital requirements.
"A joint UK-EU committee or forum could be established to make sure that regulation and principles of supervision are monitored as they evolve over time," the IRSG said.
Mutual recognition has never been tried on the scale being looked at by Britain and could take years to agree.
"There are no easy solutions, here but if the goal is to avoid fragmentation and maintain deep and liquid financial markets which benefit customers, then the UK and the EU will need to work together constructively to strike the right deal," IRSG Chairman Mark Hoban said.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Susan Thomas)
NEW YORK, March 30 U.S. Treasury debt yields drifted higher on Thursday after data showed the final U.S. gross domestic product number for the fourth quarter was revised higher, reflecting a steady growth path for the world's largest economy.
The final U.S. GDP number was 2.1 percent in the fourth quarter, higher than the second estimate of a 1.9 percent growth and exceeded market forecasts for a 2.0 percent rise.
In early morning trading, benchmark 10-year notes were down 1/32 in price to yield 2.390 percent. The yield was 2.380 percent before the data's release.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
LONDON Worcester prop Val Rapava-Ruskin has been suspended for six weeks for pushing the referee in the back, the Rugby Football Union (RFU) said on Wednesday.
Georgia-born Rapava-Ruskin was cited by the RFU for shoving the official with both hands in their match against Newcastle Falcons on Friday.
They pleaded guilty on Wednesday before a disciplinary panel, who said the offence was at the lower end of seriousness for this type of offending.
"The panel imposed a sanction of six weeks which reflects the seriousness of making contact with a referee or any match official,” the disciplinary panel said in a statement.
(Reporting by Toby Davis, editing by Ed Osmond)
