The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have made 14 signings this season in the Sky Bet Championship.
All of their incoming business was done during the summer transfer window with no arrivals during January.
Blues brought in nine players on permanent deals while five joined on loan.
Here's a list of those that joined and from which club.
Craig Gardner (WBA)
Marc Roberts (Barnsley)
David Stockdale (Brighton & Hove Albion)
Cheikh Ndoye (Angers)
Isaac Vassell (Luton Town)
Harlee Dean (Brentford)
Maxime Colin (Brentford)
Jota (Brentford)
Jason Lowe (Blackburn Rovers)
Cohen Bramall (Arsenal) Loan
Sam Gallagher (Southampton) Loan
Carl Jenkinson (Arsenal) Loan
Jérémie Boga (Chelsea) Loan
Liam Walsh (Everton) Loan
Podcast
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
Birmingham City - a quick guide
Blues were founded in 1875.
Similar to the formation of many football clubs at the time, members of the local cricket side wanted to play a sport in the winter. The team based at Holy Trinity Church, Bordesley, on the east side of Birmingham, decided to form a football team.
Under the initial name of Small Heath Alliance their early games took place on a piece of waste ground off Arthur Street, then at a field in Sparkbrook, before they moved to Muntz Street in 1877 paying rent of £5 per year.
They became the first football club to become a limited company with a board of directors, under the name of Small Heath F.C. Ltd in 1888 before moving to St Andrew's in 1906 after changing their name to Birmingham Football Club.
(Image: David Rogers/Getty Images)
The name Birmingham City F.C was adopted in 1943.
Their blue kit colour was established right from the start with the first strip a dark blue shirt with a white sash and white shorts.
Several variations were worn but the royal blue stuck and has been the club's main kit colour for well over 100 years.
Blues' most famous achievement was lifting the League Cup at Wembley in 2011. They beat Arsenal 2-1 in the final, with Obafemi Martins scoring the winning goal after Robin van Persie's strike has cancelled out Nikola Zigic's opener.
That was the second time Blues lifted the trophy after their 1963 success. Blues have been FA Cup runners-up on two occasions and won the Second Division four times.
The club have spent most of their history bouncing between the top two divisions and in 1956 became the first English club side to take part in European competition.
Blues' home ground St Andrew's has a capacity of 29,409.
A man arrested Saturday for throwing rocks from atop an abandoned building told police they had done methamphetamine and believed “the purge” was about to happen, according to court documents.
Jeremy A. Perkins, 27, is charged with two counts of 2nd degree attempted assault, and two counts of armed criminal action.
Court records state that police were called to 9th and Kenningston around noon on Saturday on a report of someone throwing rocks and passing vehicles. When police arrived, they saw Perkins standing on the roof of a building. An officer said as they exited their cruiser, Perkins threw a brick in their direction, which landed less than 5 feet in front of him. Police took cover and called for backup.
A Tactical Response Unit responded and Perkins was taken into custody as they exited the vacant building. An officer stated that at one point they heard Perkins mention a sniper 400 yards away.
Perkins was interviewed at Police Headquarters on Locust Street, where they said they had done methamphetamines the night before and climbed a tree and onto the roof of the building on 9th Street. They said someone had told them “the purge” was happening, an apparent reference to “The Purge,” a 2013 horror film that features a scenario in which all criminal acts are temporarily decriminalized and society plunges into violent chaos.
Perkins told police they perceived everyone as an enemy and was throwing rocks from the roof in order to protect himself. When police asked if they had shot people if they had a gun, Perkins said yes.
Armenia woke up to the first day in more than a decade without Serzh Sarkisian as its leader on Tuesday, after the prime minister gave into calls of protesters to leave power. Opposition leaders are calling for new elections but it remains to see if there will be a real change in the small country's political culture.
Protesters on Republic Square in Yerevan were surprised at the abrupt change of position that led Sarkisian to step down.
On Sunday the long-time leader, who became prime minister last week after serving 10 years as president, accused protest leader Nikol Pashinyan of blackmail and had them and others arrested.
But protests continued to grow, even attracting some soldiers and army veterans, and on Monday evening Sarkisian resigned, saying that Pashinyan was right and they were wrong.
“I was very surprised, because the day before police started working more brutally against the crowd and my opinion was that the situation could turn bloody,” says Samvel Martirosyan, a social media and information security analyst who took part in the demonstrations.
“I was on Republic Square at that moment and everyone started to ask each other if they could confirm, because no one could believe that they resigned. It was very unexpected.”
Grievances over corruption and lack of legitimacy
Former prime minister Karen Karapetian has replaced Sarkisian in an interim role, and, technically, lawmakers should elect a new head of government.
But, with Sarkisian's Republican Party holding the majority, Pashinyan is pressing for early elections to prevent the departed leader from ruling from behind the scenes.
A parallel issue is how legitimate any elections would appear, given the grievances of protesters, which run much deeper than Sarkisian himself.
“Election fraud has been widely documented by local and international observers, and it just made people angry as well, because they thought they could not change the government through elections,” says Giorgi Gogia, South Caucasus director at Human Rights Watch.
“Other grievances include rampant corruption, poverty, oligarchic domination of the economy with close ties with the government, lack of accountability, lack of judicial independence, you name it.”
One question going forward, then, is whether the 10 days of protests that preceded Sarkisian's announcement represent an evolution in the country's political culture.
“It was the first time the youth have seen that they can do something, and it was the first time civil society won over the authorities,” says Martirosyan.
“We should try and clean the corrupt political elites and to throw oligarchs out of the government and parliament,” they continue. “Can Pashinyan succeed in this? I hope so, but I'm not sure.”
Armenia likely to keep ties with Russia and West
Moscow said Tuesday it viewed the situation as stable and rejected comparisons to the 2014 revolution in Ukraine, where protests saw the country shift from Russia's orbit towards the West.
Participants in the protests in Yerevan also doubted there would be a major change in the country's position.
“For Armenia it has always been better to have some balance between Russia and the West,” says Martirosyan. “Even Sarkisian moved to the West, so I don't think we will see dramatic changes, maybe some fine tuning, a little more pro-Western and a little less pro-Russian, but nothing major.”
Paris-based political analyst Laurent Leylekian also doubts any major shifts in one of the rare former Soviet republics to maintain solid ties with Russia and Western countries.
“Most of the leading political parties and forces, probably including Pashinyan, cannot contest the Russian influence in the area because of the blockade formed by Turkey and also the ongoing state of war with Azerbaijan,” they say but adds that internal changes do seem to be happening.
“Some people are trying to change the deadlock situation of this old political system holding up power without any chance for civil society to access responsibility,” Leylekian says. “In this case it could trigger some change.”
FILE - In this Aug. 9, 2017, file photo, Washington Nationals pitcher Stephen Strasburg throws from the mound during a simulated baseball game, at Nationals Park in Washington. Strasburg has been on the disabled list with a nerve impingement in their right elbow since July 27, 2017. Carolyn Kaster, File AP Photo
PARIS, WI - Three people were killed in shootings at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Kenosha County, Wisconsin on Sunday evening.
According to Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth, a suspect is still at large.
The victims are believed to be from Aurora, Ill.
The shooting happened at around 7 p.m. at the track during an event called Larry's Fun Fest. An estimated 5,000 people were at the facility when the shooting occurred.
Beth said the victims were standing near the concessions stand when the shooter approached and shot them at very close range. Investigators are talking to friends of the victims to try and piece together what happened.
"There's no positive ID on the suspect right now, we don't know the motive, we're not aware of any altercations that happened earlier, at this point the detectives I've talked to are not aware of what caused this," Beth said.
Beth told Milwaukee-based TMJ4 that the shootings were believed to be the result of rival gangs from Milwaukee and Chicago coming to a head, and that they have caused problems at the Union Grove facility in the past.
"We're not aware of any danger to the community. We believe that whoever did this is either still on here on site, or more likely left the Great Lakes Drag Strip," Beth said.
Wisconsin State Patrol confirms it is assisting with road closures in the area.
The Great Lakes Dragaway is a quarter-mile dragstrip located in Paris, Wisconsin.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Summer is the perfect time to pitch up a tent and explore the great outdoors.
Be it for a camping holiday, music festival or just to have fun in the garden, they're simple and affordable.
Below we've teamed up with Halfords to share some of their best tent deals for summer 2018.
Under £20
Halfords 2 Person Dome Tent (Now £12, was £30. Save £18)
This tent only costs £12 (save £18), so it's an absolute bargain. It only takes about 10 minutes to pitch and it will sleep two people, keeping them nice and dry thanks to its 1500mm hydrostatic head rating.
Halfords 2 Person XL Dome Tent With Porch - (Now £18, was £50. Save £32)
That's right, a tent with a porch for £18 (save £32). This makes it ideal for festivals, since you'll have extra space for storing those muddy wellies.
The dome design has a single skin, making pitching really easy so you have more time to spend enjoying the fun.
Halfords 2 Person Pop Up Tent (£20, was £50. Save £30)
If you simply can't wait to get stuck into the festivities, the speediest option is to go with a pop-up tent. These deploy pretty much immediately and simply need their guylines to be secured before you're ready.
This one is finished in a smart blue and will keep you dry in light to medium rain with no problem. And it also comes with a carry bag, so you'll be able to stow it easily when you're ready to pack up.
Under £50
Halfords Guaranteed Sun Tent (Now £32, was £80. Save £48)
This tent promises that even in the rain it will provide sun. How? With its specially designed hydrophobic and hydrophilic materials, it detects rain and produces a beautiful sun pattern to cheer everyone around you.
Under £100
If you are looking for something a bit bigger but still affordable, the Urban Escape 4 Man Quick - Up Dome Tent , £60 (was £150, save £90) is a great choice.
It's ideal for festivals, since it takes just 10 minutes to pitch thanks to its integrated poles.
When the fun's over and you need to pack up, it also has an oversized bag to make life easier.
And just in case the weather isn't kind, this tent also is suitable in heavy rain and has a double skin to help prevent condensation.
Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 (was £200, save £110)
Need space for the whole family? The Halfords 6-Man Family Tunnel Tent , £90 (was £200, save £110) is full walk-in height throughout with a large living area big enough for a table and chairs.
Halfords the largest tent ensures you will get a good night's sleep thanks to the double skin design with additional side and roof ventilation.
Under £200
Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125 (was £300, save £175)
The Urban Escape 4 Man Tunnel Tent , £125, is designed for those who regularly go camping. Whether your on holiday with friends or family you can enjoy your own space with this spacious tent, it has two rooms giving space and privacy.
The colour coded poles make pitching easy and quick. Once all set up enjoy the added feature of cable access to keep all your gadgets charged and ready to use.
Urban Escape 6 Man Vis A Vis Tent (Now £150, was £350. Save £200)
Colour coded poles make this tent super simple to erect, and there are high-visibility guylines to make sure people don't trip over and collapse the tent. This makes it ideal for a busier campsite or a festival field.
Under £300
Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275 (was £600, save £325)
Designed for easy pitching in a matter of minutes, inflatable tents - which have inflatable beams rather than fibreglass poles - are becoming more and more popular.
The Urban Escape 4 Man Inflatable Tent , £275, is a vast and spacious tent. It has 2 bedrooms giving plenty of space for you to enjoy your trip away.
Lets not forget that quick pitch time only taking 15 minutes, due to its inflatable beams and included pump, leaving you to enjoy your trip away in no time at all.
It's suitable in heavy rain and has double skin to help prevent form condensation.
Under £400
Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent (Now £375, was £800. Save £425)
Just because you're at a festival or on a camping trip, it doesn't mean you have to completely do away with your home comforts.
The Urban Escape 6 Man Inflatable Tent , £375, lets you camp in style, with up to three bedrooms (you can split one in half, giving you more rooms), a living room and enough height to stand in.
With this tent reduced to £375, a saving of £425, glamping just got more affordable.
Take this to a festival and people will flock to your afternoon tea parties and late night jam sessions.
Before you set off...
Make sure your camping trip goes smoothly with these quick tips.
Have a trial run in the back garden if you can, so that you feel confident putting your tent up, taking it down again and packing it away. You'll be glad you did, especially if it rains!
If you aren't buying a new tent, check you have enough tent pegs - it's worth stocking up if you're not sure how many you need.
Not sure which tent best meets your needs? Halfords Tent Selector can help match you to your perfect product.
First time festival-goer? Check out Halfords Festival Essentials and everyone will think you're a seasoned expert.
Happy camping!
Make sure you are Really Ready For Summer with Halfords. Visit www.halfords.com or go in-store for full details on all offers and services. Prices correct at time of publication. Offers end August 5.
How to build a highly effective AI team
Four organisations share real-world insights into staffing a successful AI effort from the ground up.
Once a niche research specialty, AI is fast becoming a vital aspect of the IT strategy at many businesses. The maturity of data science and machine learning tools, as well as the rise of readily accessible machine learning platforms in the cloud, are fueling this trend, enabling businesses to explore new ways to extract high business value from existing and accumulating data.
But to make the most of AI in the enterprise, you have to have a strong team of AI practitioners in place. Here, we take a look at how four organizations are taking on the challenge of putting together a top-flight AI team to tackle new projects.
What successful AI looks like
When first building an AI department, it's important to know that successful AI requires multiple roles with differing skillsets.
“At first, we attempted to recruit for a single role – a data scientist – who had the all of the capabilities we needed. That approach did not work out,” says Chris Brazdziunas, vice president of products at LogRhythm, a security intelligence company. “In our experience, we found that an AI group needs at least three distinct roles: a data engineer to organize the data, a data scientist to investigate the data and a software engineer to implement applications.”
Over the past 12 months, LogRhythm has hired five people into its AI group and plans to grow the group to 10 people over the next year.
For professional services firm EY, AI roles break down along three lines.
“In our approach to AI, we currently see three parts: generating information, interpreting information and making judgment about that information,” says Martin Fiore, EY Americas tax talent leader. Thus far, for EY, “the generating information capability is currently the strongest,” Fiore adds.
Thomson Reuters' AI efforts have evolved to the point where the interpretation piece is in production. Developed in cooperation with Reuters journalists, Reuters News Tracer was built using AI.
“This application consumes information from Twitter and filters out news from the noise. It can distinguish between a rumor and a fact with approximately 70 percent accuracy,” explains Khalid Al-Kofahi, head of the cognitive computing center at Thomson Reuters.
Here, Thomson Reuters has already translated AI skills into a product in support of its business.
Recruiting and retaining AI talent
AI professionals are in high demand. To assemble -- and maintain -- an AI team, retention and recruitment are key. But that doesn't necessarily mean having to look outside the organization.
Developing AI talent internally is part of EY's approach.
“In EY's tax group, we provide extensive training on technical tax matters. However, we are also starting to add training on automation and AI. While recruiting a graduate with degrees in tax and AI is excellent, there is a significant talent shortage. That is one of the reasons we put resources in upskilling our people,” says Fiore. In the past year, EY has hired over 20 professionals focused on automation and AI.
1 2 3 Next Page
One of Cal Poly's ongoing construction projects, the yakʔitʸutʸu Residential Community, will open to freshmen Fall 2018. The residential community's name honors the yak titʸu titʸu yak tiłhini, a tribe native to San Luis Obispo and known post-colonially as the Northern Chumash, and each of the seven residence halls within the community will be named for one of the yak titʸu titʸu yak tiłhini's local tribal sites. Additionally, the residential community itself will feature tributes to the first people's culture.
Video by Austin Linthicum
Juliette Duke, the director of residential life and education, works closely with the tribe to design and plan the student living spaces.
“They take it very seriously,” Duke said. “They don't put their name on something just to have it. They want to make sure it's representing them and they see it as an opportunity [for others] to learn more about their culture.”
Duke and other housing officials participate in monthly meetings with members of the yak titʸu titʸu yak tiłhini tribe to coordinate their efforts. One of the results of these meetings is the inclusion of murals in every building.
Along with honoring the legacy and history of the Central Coast's first people, the residential community has many other notable qualities.
Environmentally friendly
Cal Poly is aiming for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification, a green building rating system that measures a building's sustainability levels. Levels range from silver and gold to platinum. Scott Bloom, the associate director of housing and director of facilities, is gunning for gold by installing a 1.1 megawatt solar system atop the buildings, parking structure and bike racks.
The solar panels will give the residential community net zero energy consumption, allowing it to consume as much energy as it generates. The residential community will also utilize low-flow shower heads in restrooms to reduce water usage.
Bloom also detailed plans to add a bioswale, a landscape element that catches runoff water and removes particulates and other pollutants. The sifted water would then be distributed to the San Luis Obispo creek system.
Inclusivity
The restrooms for each building are gender-neutral. Each stall has a long door that prevents people from seeing who is on the other side, guaranteeing privacy in these gender-neutral bathrooms. Each individual shower stall will also include a changing area.
“In our design we want to be inclusive to all folks,” Bloom said.
The rooms
Coming in at about 120 square feet, each individual room can accommodate either two or four students. The rooms are square in shape with the exception of rooms that have cutouts due to the buildings' outward design. A FOB system will replace the standard room key entry of college dorm rooms. All students need to do is touch their key fobs to a surface beside the door to gain access to their rooms.
Inside the dorms
Every building in the yakʔitʸutʸu Residential Community is three to five stories tall with study lounges on each floor. Bloom said one amenity they are particularly excited about is the inclusion of elevators in the residence halls.
“It will facilitate some of the move-in, move-out activities students have going on,” Bloom said. “It will also provide the ability for those with disabilities to live on various floors.”
The residential community will include 1,475 beds, according to the Cal Poly Facilities website. With fewer freshmen living in the on-campus apartments at Poly Canyon Village and Cerro Vista Apartments, University Housing will be able to accommodate more non-freshmen into the on-campus apartments.
Duke acknowledged that some of Cal Poly's current residence halls are lacking in color. However, accent colors are being added to the doors and hallways, separating the yakʔitʸutʸu community from others on campus.
At the bottom of each residential building, students will find a multi-level living room area. The second story, furnished with couches, TVs and more, overlooks a kitchen area on the lower story.
Space to unwind
Duke said the top story of each building will offer students a place to unwind. Tentatively called “quiet reflection rooms,” the top floors are dedicated spaces to pray, meditate or enjoy quiet space. Students frequenting this space can relax while looking out through floor-to-ceiling windows with a view of campus.
“I don't think there's a bad room in this place, either bedroom or study room,” Duke said.
The cost of the new residence halls comes to roughly $198 million, including the 12 acres of land that accommodate nearly 500 parking spaces, 700 rooms and 900 bicycle spaces.
The yakʔitʸutʸu Residential Community will not only include housing for freshmen students, but will also offer services for prospective students.
Cal Poly's first welcome center will be added for admissions purposes, and tours will take off from this building. Other non-residential related spaces include a small cafe, a 140-person capacity hall and university housing offices.
The project is on schedule to be finished by August 2018. With plenty of features, the new yakʔitʸutʸu Residential Community is intended to give both Cal Poly and the northern Chumash tribes something to be proud of.
“As long as Cal Poly is around, their language is going to live through the name of these buildings,” Duke said.
By Abdallah el-Kurebe
“With the down turn in the global prices of oil, we now have to prospect our solid minerals. We have to return to agriculture,” President Buhari to members of the Council of Saudi Arabian Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
According to the United Nations projections, the world population will be 9.8 billion people by 2050 and Nigeria which currently ranks seventh, will become the third most populous, replacing United States. It is currently about 200 million people.
Since their assumption of office in May 2015, President Muhammadu Buhari has repeated said that the nation's economy must be diversified to, especially Agriculture which “must cease from being treated as development programme but be treated as business. Our goal will be to pursue government supported private sector agriculture value chain to make agriculture more productive, efficient and competitive.”
The drastic fall of oil prices in the international market has directed the thinking of the Buhari administration to diversify the economy to, specifically agriculture and one possible means of doing this is the deployment of biotechnology.
It serves as a tool for sustainable development in agriculture and could boost food security in Nigeria. ‎ It is therefore appropriate for the country in order to boost the production of maize, cotton, rice, beans, wheat, cassava, etc to, not only meet up with our consumption needs but also for the purpose of commercialization.
Dr. Muhammad Lawan Umar, a plant breeder with Institute for Agricultural Research of Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Zaria observes that “Biotechnology has made possible what was impossible for the traditional methods to make by use of the new techniques. This has become realisable, especially I advanced countries, where such technology has been adopted and it can work wonders for developing countries, like Nigeria.”
They give an example of the pod-borer resistant beans on which efforts had been made to discover the source of the resistance without success. “So far, 15,000 different types of varieties have been assembled and screened in order to identify the cause of the resistance. Experts agreed that the only option is to use biotechnology, which has now identified the maruca-resistant beans. This was a global phenomenon from America down to Africa where the problem of maruca is more, “he said.
Umar adds that tests have been conducted in West Africa (Ghana, Nigeria and Burkina Faso) where traits that were resistant to those insects have been identified.
“Biotechnology been used to transfer the genes to farmer-specified varieties adapted to different ecology in these West African countries. We have realised four to five times increase in yields and we are moving towards commercialisation.
Secondly, biotechnology has shortened the time of developing and releasing a variety. This is done in three to four years if there are no regulatory agencies that may delay the process. With the use of molecular marker, you can select a plant at a tender stage – in fact you can select a grain to see which one carries the gene or not. But with the conventional methods, we used to spend eight to nine years to develop and release a variety because we had to plant it, grow it and then harvest it before you can assess,” they explained.
Adebayo Olusoji, an Agriculture Extension and Rural Development Expert with the Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology, Igboora said that biotechnology is an innovation has done well for Nigeria's cassava production. “Presently, we have more than twenty genetically modified improved cassava varieties with an average yield of 25-45 tonnes per hectare.”
They add that “in cassava value chain, processing of improved cassava has resulted in high quality starch, which is being exported abroad. Biotechnology has not left out annual crops like maize, soybean, etc. As we have pro-vitamin ‘A' maize, Alfa toxin free soybean, etc.
A good step is Nigeria's adoption of biotechnology in agriculture through the Biotechnology Policy, which led the establishment of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NABDA). And in order to address safety concerns, the National Bio-safety Management Agency (NBMA), a full-fledged agency that provides regulatory frameworks for sustainability has been established.
Prof. Lauwali Abubakar, the Director at the Centre for Agricultural and Pastoral Research of the Usmanu Danfodiyo University, Sokoto said that Nigeria's population growth was against the low agricultural productivity. “Our population is expanding while our agricultural production is low. We need biotechnology, which will bring multiple food production in a limited period.”
Hamma Ali Kwajaffa is former President of the National Cotton Association of Nigeria (NACOTAN) and ‎Director General at Nigerian Textile Manufacturers Association said that biotechnology could develop African cotton, especially now that the product is in completion in the international market.
“Biotechnology has increased the tonnage of cotton per hectare in America, China and India and their farmers are happy with it. We have not been able to achieve one tonne per hectare in Nigeria while those using biotechnology are harvesting five tonnes per hectare. Generally, our farmers have been left out,” they said.
They cited Burkina Faso as the number country in Africa that applied biotechnology on commercial level for cotton. “When Nigeria starts full application of biotechnology after field trials, the story will be a different one. Biotechnology will boost our agricultural productivity in no small measure.”
Thanks to biotechnology, India which was the least known in agriculture became world's largest producer of cotton; Argentina leads in the production and export of soybeans and Burkina Faso, in the last two years became Africa's largest producer of BT cotton.
Therefore, Nigeria has no choice than to consider the deployment of agricultural biotechnology, especially if food insecurity is our concern against the projected population explosion.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — A self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb in the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company Monday to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
The Volvo was in self-driving mode with a human operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside a crosswalk in Tempe on Sunday night was hit, police said. The woman, identified as Elaine Herzberg, 49, died at a hospital.
Uber suspended all of its self-driving vehicle testing in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
SAN DIEGO, CA - SEPTEMBER 10: Head coach Sonny Dykes of the California Golden Bears looks on during the third quarter of a game against the San Diego State Aztecs at Qualcomm Stadium on September 10, 2016 in San Diego, California. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 659658249
New SMU head coach Sonny Dykes will coach SMU in the Dec. 20 Frisco Bowl, a source told SportsDay . Interim head coach Jeff Traylor will be leaving to accept a position on former SMU head coach Chad Morris' staff at Arkansas.
SMU and Dykes agreed to a deal for them to become SMU's new head coach on Monday. The former California head coach spent the past season as an offensive analyst at TCU.
In an ironic twist, Dykes will be coaching against their first head coaching job in the Frisco Bowl. SMU will face Louisiana Tech, where Dykes worked for three seasons and won a WAC title in 2011.
Traylor spent one season at SMU as the running backs coach and associate head coach. They were elevated to interim head coach when Morris left for Arkansas last week and was a candidate for the full-time job at SMU before the school reached its deal with Dykes.
Twitter: @AdamGrosbard
More on SMU hiring Sonny Dykes
Source: SMU hires former Cal coach Sonny Dykes to be next head coach
With decision to hire Sonny Dykes, SMU bets on experience
10 things to know about new SMU head coach Sonny Dykes, including their wild college major
Three things new SMU head coach Sonny Dykes must accomplish before the early signing period
Why SMU is approaching its coaching search with a sense of urgency
Chad Morris addresses emotional goodbye to SMU during Arkansas introductory press conference
Here's the legacy Chad Morris leaves behind at SMU
Chad Morris' exit to Arkansas is the inevitable reality for schools like SMU
Broadway actor Cynthia Erivo arrived at the red carpet for the 59th Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday rocking a velvet blue Luisa Beccaria dress. The Tony Award winter later performed with singer John Legend that night, belting out a stunning rendition of “God Only Knows.”
Red carpet #grammys Hair @vernonfrancois Beat @billieegene A post shared by cynthiaerivo (@cynthiaerivo) on Feb 12, 2017 at 6:27pm PST
Cynthia's sleeveless dress did nothing but compliment their toned body, with velvet material that stopped at their waist to meet a sea of deep blue ruffles that flowed to their feet and created a dreamy train behind them
Getting Ready! @cynthiaerivo Grammys Congrats on your win🏆 #makeupbybilliegene hair @vernonfrancois #grammys #thecolorpurple #cynthiaerivo A post shared by BILLIE GENE™ (@billieegene) on Feb 12, 2017 at 4:55pm PST
Cynthia's dress was paired with their platinum do, which was done by Vernon Francois. Them beauty didn't stop oozing out there as their flawless makeup showed off a velvet colored smokey eye with beautiful brown brows – all done by Billie Gene.
Congrats to Cynthia, who also set to star in an upcoming Harriet Tubman bio pic. In the meantime, what do you think of Cynthia's look?
Cynthia Erivo To Play Iconic American Hero, Harriet Tubman
Werk! ‘Hamilton,' ‘The Color Purple' And ‘Eclipsed' Win At The Tony Awards
Cynthia Erivo Is ‘Absolutely Fabulous' At The Cosmopolitan Luncheon
Rafael Nadal was assured a return to world number one for the first time since July of 2014 on Monday when 19-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer withdrew from this week's ATP Cincinnati Masters tournament.
Third-ranked Federer said they injured their back in Montreal, where they lost in the final to Germany's Alexander Zverev.
Federer, this year's Wimbledon and Australian Open champion, was the only player who could have denied world number two Nadal the top spot in next Monday's rankings.
The 31-year-old Spaniard, who won their 15th Grand Slam title at this year's French Open, will overtake Britain's top-ranked Andy Murray, who withdrew from Montreal and Cincinnati with a hip injury.
Federer, a seven-time champion on the Cincinnati hardcourts, could yet move into the world number one spot, but their next chance will come at the US Open, the year's final Grand Slam event that begins August 28 in New York.
“I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing,” Federer said. “Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them.
“Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week.”
Nadal, who has spent 141 total weeks in the top spot, became world number one for the first time in August 2008 after a semi-final run at Cincinnati.
For Federer to have taken the top spot at Cincinnati, they would have had to at least reach the semi-finals. Had Federer reached the final, Nadal would have had to win the title to stop the Swiss star from becoming number one.
Federer will be replaced in the men's draw by Italian lucky loser Thomas Fabbiano, the world number 85 who will enjoy a first-round bye and face either Argentina's Diego Schwartzman or Russia's Karen Khachanov in the second round.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gang attacked a man with a baseball bat in a terrifying robbery in Ilkeston.
The 43-year-old victim was walking along a pathway between Duke Street and Ebenezer Street when they were assaulted by a group of men.
The man was hit with a baseball bat and had their coat slashed by a sharp object before they were robbed of a quantity of cash.
They suffered serious injuries to their face and was taken to Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham.
(Image: Google Maps)
A 28-year-old man has been arrested and released under investigation.
Derbyshire police are appealing for information on the incident, which took place on Sunday, January 7.
Detective Constable, Jennifer Casey said: “We'd like to hear from anyone who was in Duke Street or Ebenezer Street, or neighbouring areas, around the time of this incident.
“We're also keen to speak to anyone who may have CCTV footage covering this area. If you have any information you feel is relevant please call me on 101, quoting reference number 180000 10622.”
Alternatively, send DC Casey a message online by visiting the Contact Us section of the force's website www.derbyshire.police.uk/Contact-Us.
Or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
Pick for Medicare post faces questions on Indiana contracts
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 10, 2017 file photo, Seema Verma, left, then President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, gets on an elevator in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York. Verma, President Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid consulted Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor, a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements, including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.Â Associated Press
INDIANAPOLIS -- President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor, a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements - including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Them firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate they also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, their firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of their confirmation. A spokesperson for SVC did not immediately respond to an emailed list of questions from The AP. A spokesperson for Pence also did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of their consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for their grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake their own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act.
Verma did not specifically address how they would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined their plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should they be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Them relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014.
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where their loyalties lay - to the company, or to state taxpayers.
Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called the Verma's arrangement a "conflict of interest" that "clearly should not happen and is definitely improper."
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern.
"She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought they were a state employee," said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma.
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, they said.
"If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides," said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker.
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when they were dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot.
"It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors," said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over their disagreements with Verma. "It was just shocking to me that they could play both sides."
State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement they held with the state's social services agency required them to "provide technical assistance" to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was "contract development and negotiation" with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported their salary with SVC is $480,000 and their business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million.
___
Johnson reported from Chicago.
NEW YORK (AP) — Students from the Florida high school where 17 people were fatally shot last month expect more than 1 million participants in upcoming marches in Washington and elsewhere calling for gun regulations, students said Monday.
More than 800 March for Our Lives demonstrations are planned around the world Saturday, sparked by the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida.
“It just shows that the youth are tired of being the generation where we're locked in closets and waiting for police to come in case of a shooter,” Alex Wind, a junior at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, told The Associated Press.
“We're sick and tired of having to live with this normalcy of turning on the news and watching a mass shooting,” they added.
Since the massacre, Stoneman Douglas students have been at the forefront of a push to tighten gun restrictions and protect schools.
They have led rallies and lobbied lawmakers in Washington and Florida's capital, Tallahassee. Last Wednesday, tens of thousands of students around the U.S. walked out of their classrooms to demand action on gun violence and school safety. Stoneman Douglas students fanned out Monday to discuss the marches with media outlets in New York, including NBC's “Today” show and “CBS This Morning.”
The National Rifle Association didn't immediately respond to an inquiry Monday about the upcoming marches. The group has said any effort to prevent future school shootings needs to “keep guns out of the hands of those who are a danger to themselves or others, while protecting the rights of law-abiding Americans.”
Amid the wave of activism, Florida passed a law curbing young peoples' access to rifles; the NRA has sued to try to block it. Some major U.S. retailers decided to curb the sale of assault-style rifles or stop selling firearms to people younger than 21.
But Congress has shown little appetite for new gun regulations. President Donald Trump at one point proposed raising the minimum age for buying an assault rifle to 21 but then backed off, citing a lack of political support.
The Republican president has since released a school safety plan that includes strengthening the federal background check system and helping states pay for firearms training for teachers, while assigning the buying-age issue to a commission to study.
A petition associated with Saturday's march calls for banning sales of assault weapons and large-capacity ammunition magazines, as well as tightening background checks.
The suspect in the Parkland shooting, 19-year-old former student Nikolas Cruz, used an AR-15 assault-style rifle, according to authorities. Their lawyer has said they will plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence, rather than possibly facing the death penalty.
The Associated Press reported Sunday that documents show some officials recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation, though the recommendation was never acted upon. Such a commitment would have made it more difficult, if not impossible, for Cruz to get a gun legally.
Beyond making a statement, Saturday's marches aim to make political change by registering and mobilizing people to vote.
But the students insist their aim isn't partisan: “We're just trying to make sure that morally just people are running this country,” Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch told the AP.
As soon-to-be voters, the students say they're here to stay in the public debate.
“We are not just a presence on Twitter. We are not just some social media fad. We're not like Tide Pods,” Deitsch said, referring to the laundry detergent packets that recently sparked a dangerous social-media-fueled trend of teenagers eating them.
“We're trying to push this idea that we have a voice, that people can speak out, and that that voice should be heard,” Deitsch said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Photo: Anthony Behar / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
“Bodak Yellow” is headed for Studio 8H.
Legendary late-night sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live has revealed that Cardi B will be the musical guest for the April 7 episode with Black Panther himself, Chadwick Boseman, scheduled to host.
Related: Cardi B Struts Them Stuff to Carly Simon's ‘You're So Vain': Watch
“See you soon SNL!,” Boseman shared on Twitter about their first gig hosting the show. See the tweet below.
For their part, Cardi B has been too busy working on their debut album to promote the appearance on social media. The rapper broke a month-long silence on Twitter to share that they are indeed working on the full-length, and that their “man,” Migos rapper Offset, grabbing them some Chick-fil-A “at this time means Soo much to me then any Jewerly they ever got me.” See their tweets below.
Working ,working,working ...Album coming ❤️❤️❤️ —
(@iamcardib) March 19, 2018
TORONTO — A third person is dead following a string of shootings in downtown Toronto over the past week.
A man, who was among four people injured in a shooting in the city's Kensington Market neighbourhood Sunday night, was pronounced dead in hospital, police said Wednesday.
Two men associated with the local rap scene — 21-year-old Jahvante Smart, also known as Smoke Dawg, and 28-year-old Ernest Modekwe — were killed in a separate incident near Queen Street West and Spadina Avenue on Saturday evening.
Investigators have also asked for the public's help in finding an unidentified man who fired nine shots during a dispute near King Street West and Portland Street early Tuesday morning, sending one man to hospital with a bullet wound to the hip. Officers say they have no description of the shooter, but they believe they are violent, armed and dangerous.
Overall, 11 people have been shot in Toronto since Friday morning when, police said, a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of their trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian, injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike.
There have been 22 gun deaths in Toronto so far this year, out of 51 total homicides — a figure inflated by the deadly van attack that killed 10 people in April.
By contrast, there were 27 total homicides at this point last year, and 16 fatal shootings by the end of June 2017.
Police Chief Mark Saunders has said the vast majority of shootings this year have been gang-related.
Police in Toronto and surrounding jurisdictions laid more than 1,000 charges against 75 alleged members and associates of the Five Points Generalz street gang last month.
Officers said the Generalz, linked to several shootings in the Greater Toronto Area, were "significantly disrupted" by the sweep, but acknowledged that gang activity would persist.
A previously unknown ring of Russian-speaking hackers has stolen as much as $10 million from U.S. and Russian banks in the last 18 months, according to a Moscow-based cyber-security firm that runs the largest computer forensics laboratory in eastern Europe.
The MoneyTaker group broke into 20 systems, which includes 15 U.S. lenders, targeting ATMs with "mules" and Russia's interbank money-transfer system, Group-IB said in a report provided to Bloomberg.
The hackers, who also breached a U.K. software and service provider, are now probing institutions in Latin America and may be trying to compromise the Swift international bank messaging service, according to the privately held security firm, whose clients range from Russia's biggest lender Sberbank PJSC to Raiffeisen Bank International AG. Group-IB last month signed an agreement with Interpol to share data on threat intelligence and the latest cyber-criminal activities.
"Criminals have changed tactics and are now focusing on banks rather than their clients, as was standard operating procedure in the past," Dmitry Volkov, the head of Group-IB's cyber intelligence department, said by phone.
Bloomberg News
Russia, considered a hotbed of government-backed information attacks, increasingly finds itself a victim of cybercrime. It was initially blamed for the Badrabbit ransomware virus that spread to more than 200 targets globally, even though some of the biggest disruptions affected Russian businesses.
'Limited Resources'
Since its first successful breach in May 2016, MoneyTaker has stolen from banks in New York, California, Utah and Moscow, primarily targeting smaller institutions with limited cyber defenses, Group-IB found. The average haul from U.S. banks was about $500,000, and it stole over $3 million from three Russian lenders.
"They understand that banks — especially community banks with limited resources — are the easiest marks," Volkov said.
The cell remained undetected by using so-called fileless malware that only exists on a computer's temporary memory and destroys itself when the system reboots, meaning it's not permanently stored and therefore can more easily evade anti-virus programs, according to Group-IB. At one bank, the hackers gained access to the network via the home computer of the lender's system administrator.
The attackers further covered their tracks with encryption certificates generated using brand names such as Bank of America Corp., Microsoft Corp. and the Federal Reserve, according to Group-IB, which previously uncovered Russian-speaking hacker cells behind the Corkow Trojan and Buhtrap.
Microsoft and the Fed couldn't be reached for comment outside of working hours. Swift and Bank of America didn't immediately respond to requests from Bloomberg.
While hackers are transnational, many new types of attacks are discovered in Russia because it's at the forefront of cyber-security, a deputy head of the Russian central bank's information security and protection department, Artem Sychev, said in an interview in November.
Group-IB said the U.S. banks were targeted by gaining access to their card-processing system and then opening accounts at the compromised institutions. The attackers removed limits on the legitimate bank cards and used mules to withdraw cash from ATMs. The virus was so stealthy that, in at least one instance, a bank was successfully robbed twice.
While Group-IB didn't uncover evidence of a successful attack on Swift by MoneyTaker, it found that the hackers were searching for documents related to the messaging system, which could indicate pending attacks. Last year, in one of the biggest heists in cybercrime history, hackers used Swift to steal $81 million from Bangladesh.
"The more we dig, the more we'll find," Group-IB's Volkov said. "This report doesn't represent the full picture, and I can say with 100 percent certainty that there are more victims that haven't been identified yet."
Bloomberg News
A flyer listing possible activities for students, including the Civil War Ball. Special to the Bee
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian state authorities say at least 60 inmates have died during a prison riot in the northern state of Amazonas.
State public security secretary Sergio Fontes says it's the biggest prison massacre in the state's history. And an unconfirmed number of inmates also escaped during the riot that extended from Sunday afternoon to Monday morning.
Two of the biggest crime gangs of Brazil began fighting last year over control of several prisons and authorities in Amazonas believe that's the reason behind the first riot of 2017.
Fontes says the inmates made few demands to end the riot, which hints at a killing spree organized by members of a local gang against those of another that is based in São Paulo.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This story is about Published 1h
NFL draft expert: Cowboys' pursuit of Sammy Watkins 'makes you think about the future of Dez Bryant' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant warms their hands in front of a sideline heater between plays during the second half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday, Dec. 31, 2017, in Philadelphia. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Dane Brugler, senior NFL draft analyst for NFLDraftScout.com and SportsDayDFW.com contributor, joined The G Bag Nation on 105.3 FM The Fan to talk about the draft recently. Here are some highlights. On what the Cowboys chasing Sammy Watkins means:
3 things Patriots, Eagles did this season that Cowboys need to emulate
"Good for Sammy Watkins. For a player that has not lived up to being a top five pick, there are a lot of teams that still believe in him. And I get it. He's an athletic receiver who can make plays at all levels of the field, and it was a little surprising that the Cowboys made such a strong push for a player like that who I'd love to put them on this team, but it really makes you think about the future of Dez Bryant. Is today the day? Is tomorrow the day? When we're going to get more of a finite understanding of what Dez Bryant's role will be with the team for this upcoming year. Or will they even be on the roster? This is going to be interesting as we creep closer and closer to the draft. The Dez Bryant conversation, how will that affect the plan that the Cowboys have in the first few rounds?" On if the draft is an opportunity for the Cowboys to improve the passing game: "It's tough because you look at receivers and traditionally that's the position it takes the longest to transition to the NFL because most of these college receivers aren't used to facing press. They aren't used to facing bigger corner backs who are faster than the smaller corner backs they faced at the college level. Yes we've seen guys like Mike Evans and Odell Beckham and some of these rookie receivers come into the league and take it by storm, but those are the exceptions. Really, in most cases, we have kind of like it was last year. We have three receivers go in the top 10, none of three made an immediate impact. Injuries were a big part of that, but again traditionally it takes longer for rookie receivers to catch on at the pro game, and I think you have to take that mentality into the draft.
Cowboys to meet with three offensive linemen, two wide receivers in second week of free agency
"But I also think that's the appeal of Calvin Ridley.  They are ready right now. He's an older guy, he's a very sharp route-runner, they have a very good understanding of their craft and I think that's the appeal of Calvin Ridley and why they should be considered with that 19th pick. But if you're looking for a Z or you're looking for a X to replace Dez Bryant, I don't know if this draft necessarily offers you what you're looking for. I think Courtland Sutton has a little but of that. Equanimeous St. Brown from Notre Dame. Both of those guys might be X's in the future. But if you're looking for an X for the 2018 season, I think you'll be disappointed with what this draft has to offer." On if he'd be disappointed with the Cowboys taking DJ Moore if Calvin Ridley is gone: "Not at all. Not at all. I think it's something like I love Roquan Smith out of Georgia, but I understand why some really like Tremaine Edmunds from Virginia Tech at linebacker. It's similar with the wide receivers. I love Calvin Ridley, but I understand why some might look at DJ Moore and say he's a little bit bigger, long term they might have a little more potential, I get it. So even if Calvin Ridley is on the board, it wouldn't surprise if a team looks at DJ Moore and say he's 20 pounds heavier, they might not be the same type of route runner but I feel better about their athleticism, he's younger. So I love DJ Moore. I've been driving that bandwagon and I really like what they did at the combine. I don't think he's a 4.42 athlete, I think he's more of a 4.48 athlete but that's fine. I see a little bit of Steve Smith in their game. He's not that prototypical X that you're looking for in this offense, but he's a guy that it shouldn't take them long to prove themselves as the best Z on the Cowboys roster if that's the direction they go."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
CRIMINALS have broken into a car in Tamworth, just days after officers issued a warning to keep cars locked.
Officers from Staffordshire Police are investigating after a car was broken into in Stonepit at around 6.30am this morning (Friday, October 6).
The force is now calling on the community to come forward with information as they hope to catch those responsible.
A spokesperson for Staffordshire Police said: “A vehicle has been broken into in Stonepit at around 6.30am this morning on Friday, October 6.
“Offenders entered the vehicle by opening the door before stealing a mobile phone.
“Anyone with any information regarding this incident is asked to contact Staffordshire Police.”
This incident comes days after officers urged residents in Stonepit to keep their cars locked and be on the lookout for people trying car doors after a series of reports from the area during the last week.
Police also advised residents not to have any valuables on display in a bid to discourage criminals from trying their doors.
A spokesperson added: “Several vehicles have had their car doors tried on Stonepit, in Tamworth.
“The incidents are believed to have taken place sometime between 4.15am and 4.30am on Monday, October 2.
“Nothing has been taken but we are advising that all valuables should not be visible or left in the vehicle whilst unattended.”
Anyone who has seen anything suspicious should call 101 quoting incident number 063 of October 2, 2017.
Alternatively residents can call Crimestoppers, which is an anonymous service, on 0800 555 111.
Marjorie L. Marty passed away on February 8, 2017 at the Spanish Peaks Veterans Community Living Center in Walsenburg.
Marj was born April 8, 1927 in Montrose, CO to Leo (Jim) and Zora Greenwood. They graduated from high school in Ottumwa, Iowa and attended the University of Colorado in Boulder, graduating in 1950 with a Bachelor's Degree in English. In the fall of 1948, they met the love of their life, John Ray (Jack) Marty and they were married on March 18, 1950. Upon graduation, they relocated to Trinidad to make their home and took control of Bancroft Marty Feed and Produce Company later known Marty Feeds, Inc.
Marj was involved in many capacities of the family business while raising their children. They were also involved in Chapter J PEO, PTA, American Association of University Women, and Trinidad Business and Professional Women. In later years, they participated in Rotary, the Trinidad / Las Animas Chamber of Commerce, Trinidad Downtown Area Development, Economic Development, and the Governor's Colorado Private Industry Council. They served in many leadership capacities with all of these organizations and received many prestigious awards.
 They are survived by their three daughters, Kim Smoot (husband Bud), Lourae King (husband Scott), and Shelley Menne (husband Brendan Kelley), and by daughter-in-law Mary Meyer (husband Bill). Grandchildren include Jessica Edwards, Lisa Smoot, Stacie Smoot, Marty Verquer, John Marty, Michael Marty, Colleen Marty, Jacob Menne, and Luke Menne.  They are also survived by niece Sue Rushton and nephew Gary Evans. They were preceded in death by immediate family member including their husband Jack Marty; their son Chris Marty; their grandson Justin Verquer; their parents Jim and Zora Greenwood; step-mother Ruth Greenwood; sister Phyllis Evans; and brothers-in-law Brice Evans and Bill Butler.
Funeral services will be held Friday, February 17, 2017 at 1:00 pm at the Mullare Murphy Funeral Home in Trinidad. Interment will follow at the Masonic Cemetery. Family may be contacted at Lourae's home at 115 W. Garland, PO Box 72, La Veta, CO 81055.
A man suspected of drunk driving plowed into their own Milwaukee home early Saturday morning.
It happened at 36th and Lincoln on the city's south side. The man's SUV caught fire after impact, causing the house to catch fire as well.
Lisette Garza, who lives in a second-floor apartment, and their 3-year-old son were forced to climb through a window to safety, leaving bruises on their arm.
“I have nothing," Garza said. "Everything is gone. I have nothing. We have what's on our backs."
Garza says it was their downstairs neighbor who crashed their vehicle and started the fire.
“I guess they were drinking and got drunk, crashed their car into our house," Garza said. "The car caught fire and got right on to our house, and ended up going upstairs."
Another 23-year-old woman injured their ankle jumping from the second floor to safety.
Milwaukee Fire Department officials said it's unclear what caused the truck to catch on fire.
The accident caused an estimated $70,000 worth of damage to the home and its contents, including the car.
Garza said although their neighbor is the one who caused the mess, they never picked up the phone to call for help.
“He wasn't the one to call the firefighters," Garza said. "They told me that they took our hose on the side of the house and tried to put out the fire their self."
According to police, the driver, has been arrested and the incident is still under investigation.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘Iranian Messi'.
Azmoun, who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia, has scored four goals at domestic level this season.
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level, though - form that led to their asupervisorstioned nickname.
Azmoun has 23 goals from their 31 caps for Iran, making them the nation's fifth highest scorer at all time, and it's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where they play.
They can play as a centre forward, or behind the striker.
Wolves aren't alone in their supposed interest, though; the Sunday People claim that Everton, Celtic, Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too.
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League, after promotion was confirmed.
Player ratings
Player ratings
Ruddy - 7 - Had their first shot to save on 28 minutes and did so with ease. Pretty much redundant all afternoon, other than a couple of routine catches.
Boly - 8 - Totally dominated Le Fondre throughout the match. One driving run and so close to putting Doherty clean through with a dissecting ball. Made easy work of any Bolton attacks. A class act and a player Wolves must sign.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Coady - 9 - Dispatched their penalty with ease and after the season he's had, they more than deserved their goal. Tidied up any loose balls that went past Batth or Boly and as usual made it all look very easy. Got the pitching wedge our for Afobe's goal as they chipped a perfectly weighted ball in the strikers path. One assist and one goal, a fantastic afternoon Conor. *Star man*
Batth (c) - 8 - Fascinating tussles with Sammy Ameobi and you'd have to say the Wolves skipper came out on top and comfortably. First to many balls, won all their headers and solid distribution.
Doherty - 7.5 - Hardly troubled defensively and very tidy with the ball, a quiet but efficient afternoon for the Irish international.
Douglas - 8.5 - For their goal, they anticipated and followed up Afobe's shot superbly. The consistency of this guys delivery from set plays is something else. Classy.
Neves - 8 - Another afternoon of relentless crisp distribution from Portuguese international. Despite the scoreline, it wasn't the afternoon for spectacular diagonal balls but more a game for keeping it short and sharp, so that's what they did.
Saiss - 8 - With their Portuguese partner in crime, they absolutely dominated the middle of the park. After a mixed first season, what a second he's having. Another afternoon where they were strong and very tidy with the ball throughout.
Jota - 8.5 - Another goal for Wolves top scorer and what a beautiful finish it was. Unusually found themselves in a heading scoring position and was desperately not to score from another delightful Barry Douglas delivery. A real pest, if you were a Bolton player.
Afobe - 8 - Playing like a man who is desperate to stay at Wolves. Added yet another goal to their tally and what a lovely goal it was, particularly their first touch which took them past the keeper with ease. Also forced Alnwick into save which lead to Douglas's goal.
Costa - 8.5 - Turned on the afterburners many times as they stretched the Bolton defence all afternoon. Unlucky not to have an assist when they fed the ball to Afobe moments before Wolves were awarded the penalty. Not quite on the money with their final ball or shooting today but still a very good game.
Substitutes
Gibbs-White - 8 - Some lovely turns and attempted double drag backs, despite their limited minutes they look sharp and reliable every time they make an appearance.
Bonatini - N/A - Little time to make an impact
NDiaye - N/A - Little time to make an impact
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
We brought meteorologist Steve Templeton in the studio to answer all your total solar eclipse questions.
Don't forget we will be broadcasting LIVE during Great American Total Solar Eclipse at Jefferson Barracks Park on Monday, August 21st.
This will be the first Total Solar Eclipse in over 400 years in the St. Louis area and this is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Gates open at 9am. Get there early, get your spot to see the moon's shadow pass over the sun.
The event at Jefferson Barracks will be free and open to the public.
Program Timeline:
9:00 am Gates Open for parking
11:00 am Pledge of Allegiance and National Anthem
11:15 am USPS will unveil a new stamp dedicated to the eclipse
11:49 am Moon begins crossing the Sun
12:45 pm Admittance into the park will cease to ensure everyone in the park can experience the eclipse
12:50 pm Sun is more than half covered
1:17:34 pm Totality begins
1:18:20 pm Maximum totality
1:19:07 pm Totality ends
1:45 pm Sun is more than half covered
2:44 pm Moon finishes eclipsing the Sun
Click here to get more event details!
Manhattan federal prosecutors continue to investigate a public official with ties to real-estate-investor-turned-government-snitch Jona Rechnitz, unsealed court documents show.
In unsealing documents tied to Rechnitz's guilty plea last June, certain materials were redacted because they “relate to an ongoing investigation,” according to a letter from Acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon Kim.
The ongoing probe involves an unnamed elected official, according to the papers — who sources say is Westchester County Executive Rob Astorino.
Astorino was subpoenaed last year over their office's dealings with Rechnitz and business person Jeremy Reichberg.
As The Post reported at the time, Rechnitz donated $25,000 to Astorino's re-election campaign in 2013. A few days earlier, their pal Reichberg — who had no known previous ties to Westchester County — had been named a volunteer county police chaplain.
“Mr. Astorino and the County fully cooperated when asked for documents last June,” Jerry McKinstry, Astorino's spokesperson, said. “Nothing has been requested since then, nor have we been contacted for any information about the New York City probe.”
Astorino previously said he's done nothing wrong and that Rechnitz's donations have been given to charity.
Rechnitz pleaded guilty in June to bribing a wave of public officials and for seeking to bribe two elected officials, including Mayor de Blasio.
For years, women have tried to mask their freckles and cover the imperfections with makeup.
Now, in a new "natural look" trend fueled by social media, freckles are now being tattooed onto faces.
"I think that would be kind of odd because we are wearing makeup to cover up all of our different types much skin," said Cindy Biaggi.
Danica Williamson, owner of Pretty Ink in Naples, has seen an uptick on their clients asking for the trend.
"I think it's adorable, I think it's cute. I think it's fun, fresh, you get the young look," Williamson said.
In a 30-minute session with a small tattoo machine and matched pigment, Williamson will lightly tattoo freckles across the nose and cheeks.
"It's just the surface of your skin, so it just looks very natural," they said.
Like a tattoo, the freckles will peel and scab with the desired look developing in a week.
"The thing is it's semi-permanent so the results will only last for a year. It won't be there forever like an actual tattoo," Williamson explained.
An alternative to possible skin damage by baking in the sun women in Southwest Florida are willing to try.
"That's definitely a new concept for me, but I kind of like it," Alyssa Hogan explained.
Also, one new style some women won't give into.
"Personally, I would never do it, I think it's kind of something where you're born with what you're born with in a sense," Michelle Budnick said.
Pretty Ink in Naples charges $150 for tattoo freckles.
According to WebMD, just like with any type of procedure, there is a risk.
For permanent makeup, allergic reactions to the pigment can be common, so make sure you so your homework before heading to the salon.
More recyclables are being rejected in California and sent back to the landfill. Nevada County Solid Waste Manager, David Garcia, says China, which takes about 60-percent of all U-S materials, is getting pickier about cleanliness…
click to listen to David Garcia
Garcia says mixed paper containers are being rejected the most. In general, plastics labeled with numbers three through seven don't have markets for them. They say many people may actually be over-recycling. They say many also have small garbage containers that fill up fast, with the overflow being put in recycling containers. They say the county plans to provide more information regarding the do's and don't's…
click to listen to David Garcia
Garcia says there are also too many batteries being tossed in the blue toters. They say more U-S recycling markets, so not as much material has to be sent overseas. Nevada County's current recycling rate is 53-percent.
The Daily Stormer, a Neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, with the site posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to be taken down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night, "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers say they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story doesn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it's published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer is published by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay them a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where they went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
Nov. 9, 2015. Caitlyn Jenner attends the 25th annual Glamour Women of the Year Awards at Carnegie Hall in New York. (The Associated Press).
(CNN) — Caitlyn Jenner is the latest celebrity to float a run for political office in the age of President Donald Trump.
The Olympic gold medalist who has been an outspoken activist for transgender rights, told radio host John Catsimatidis that they are interested in the “the political side of activism” and “would look for a senatorial run.”
“Can I do a better job from the outside?” said Jenner, a lifelong Republican. “Kind of working the perimeter of the political scene, being open to talking to anybody? Or are you better from the inside, and we are in the process of determining that. Yeah, but I would look for a senatorial run.”
When asked whether Jenner is seriously considering a run and if they would run as a Republican or an independent, their publicist, Alan Nierob, told CNN Monday that there are “no further details to report at this time.”
This comes after wrestling star and actor Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson said that they would consider running for president in 2020, musician Kid Rock insisting last week that their tweet about running for the Senate is no joke and, in perhaps the most viral moment of celebrities exploring a run for office, Kanye West declaring a 2020 presidential bid during their speech at the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards.
After meeting with then-President-elect Trump in December, West tweeted, “#2024,” causing fans to speculate whether he's delaying a run for president and whether they are serious about running at all.
Jenner also expressed an interest in public service during an interview with CNN's Don Lemon in April.
Jenner voted for Trump in the 2016 general election, but has also expressed disappointment is some of the Trump administration's policies.
“Well @realDonaldTrump, from one Republican to another, this is a disaster,” Jenner tweeted in February after the Trump administration rolled back protections for transgender students put in place by former President Barack Obama. “You made a promise to protect the L.G.B.T.Q. community. Call me.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Ranbir Does Not Know How To Say No
Neetu Kapoor once told First Post, ''He is too soft. They can't hurt anybody. It's the same with their relationships, they do not know how to say no, and gets into the deep end! I see it happening and can do nothing about it.''
The Girl Was Not Right For Him
''The first time they felt involved, I knew the girl was not right for him. (how typically mother is that!). But when I told him, they rebelled. So I learnt to tackle it another way.''
I Told Him Not To Get Serious
''I told them don't get serious so soon, the more you see the more you know and learn, so meet many girls, and go out with them, but don't commit yet. But I have learnt to not be an irritant. I say it once and move away. It works.''
Ranbir Is Too Shy
''I think they are charming, but they are very shy. I don't see them approaching a girl. It's they who make the first move, and they are too soft to say no, and gets involved.''
I Even Help Him To Get Out Of A Relationship
''But they do confide in me, sometimes asks my advice. And I speak to them like a friend, and even try to get them out of an involvement if that is the best option.''
What Kind Of Girl Neetu Wants For Ranbir?
''Someone who will understand how simple they are. That they are a daal chawal sort of boy, that they not very high maintenance and will not really appreciate having a high maintenance wife.''
The Best Girl For Him Will Be
''He's more like me, quite un-Kapoor, unlike the image they have. The best girl for them will be someone who loves them for who they are, not what they are. But I know they are not serious about anyone right now. They can't keep that from me. It would all come tumbling out when it happens.''
My Son Should Be Street Smart
''I was very troubled in my married life. I think they must have been 15 or so, when Rishi and I went through a really bad patch. I have always felt that while my daughter should be innocent and learn to face life as it comes, my son should be street smart and know everything about life.''
It Would Make Him A Good Husband
''So I would sit with Ranbir and talk to him. For hours, I would tell them all I felt was right and wrong with my marriage, try to explain it all to him. I think they were my best friend then, my only confidant. I would talk my heart out to him, as to no one else. They changed then I think, suddenly became responsible, grown up. I felt they should know everything, for one, it would make them a good husband when the time came.''
How $3billion was stolen in NNPC/NPDC Strategic Alliance contracts in past administration
When oil sold for over $100 per barrel in 2014, only N99billion was spent on Power, Works and Housing
** Total capital spend then was N153billion and more than N150billion embezzled
REMARKS BY Their EXCELLENCY, PROF. YEMI OSINBAJO, SAN, GCON, VICE PRESIDENT, FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA, AT THE 7TH PRESIDENTIAL QUARTERLY BUSINESS FORUM AT THE STATE HOUSE BANQUET HALL, ABUJA ON MARCH 19, 2018.
Protocols
Before I go into my few remarks, I just want to add to some of the questions that have been asked. A question was asked on the railways and what has been happening especially with respect to being able to evacuate goods from the ports. Two things happening; first, I'm sure some are already familiar with the concession given to General Electric, to refurbish the Narrow Gauge Lines, which starts from the Ports itself. That concession is already in place, and we expect that things should begin to happen very quickly. Also in the private sector, one of the members of that consortium – APM Terminal, is going to do something on a railway station on the way to Ibadan and trying to develop an inland port there. They say they can do this in 10 weeks and we hope that means a further reduction in the pressure on the Apapa port.
Asides from that, the Standard Gauge Line which is funded by the China EximBank has already started and taking off from the Apapa port. We expect that by the end of this year, we should see significant progress between the Lagos-Ibadan end of that Standard Gauge Line. As a matter of fact, our target is to have that bit of it concluded by the end of this year and we hope we can achieve that. So that would move goods from the Apapa port out of Lagos to at least as far as Ibadan, before going to Kano which is the terminal point of the Standard Gauge Line.
The other question I would like to add to is concerning the Eastern ports, because someone asked about the Onitsha port. The concession agreements on that have been finalised, all the technical evaluations have been done, it is going to the Attorney-General's office and we expect that it should be sorted out very shortly.
In that same Eastern port axis, there is a Warri port, the technical evaluation is still going on, it hasn't been concluded yet but we expect that it should move on very quickly.
The other point is the frustration that many of us feel when we come into Nigeria through our airports and of course, some of the frustrations around the seaports in bringing in goods.
The point that was made especially about two people sitting together, questioning you and passing your passport from one person to the other, is what we are all generally irritated about. What we require is i-check, which is quite an elaborate device which enables us to get advance passenger information ahead of passengers arriving at the ports. This enables us to do two things; one, it enables us to give visas on arrival because you already have the information of the passenger. Secondly, it removes the necessity of more than one person checking the passport because you already have advance information, the other security person works from the backend. We expect that when that is installed, we would be able to achieve that and remove the nuisance of two/three people checking passports.
Last week, we held a meeting with all the agencies that are usually at the ports, and you find that there are several of them. The idea is to reduce this number and ensure only those who must absolutely be there are. There are some who don't need to be there but rather be summoned when their services are required.
The permanent solution we are proposing for bringing in and taking out goods from our ports is through our single window, the National Trading Platform. We have gone very far with that, and we expect that should be on stream very shortly. We are at the point where this is going to FEC for a final approval.
With the single window, a lot of the stress will be greatly reduced, and with the appropriate scanners run by concessions with PPP arrangements, we should be able to achieve greater ease of coming into our ports and exporting goods from our ports.
SPEECH PROPER
Let me join my cabinet colleagues in thanking you for making the time yet again to attend the Quarterly Business Forum (QBF). This is the 7th Forum, and there are many here who have attended all seven, to them we are of course, especially indebted for their consistent faith and support for this process; even those who haven't attended seven, have attended several and there are some who are attending for the first time.
It is important that we continue to emphasize that for us both philosophically and as a practical matter, our partnership with the private sector is fundamental. Aside from the QBF, we have established other platforms to harness the partnership, these include the Industrial Policy & Competitiveness Advisory Council and the Presidential Enabling Business Environment Council. These are interactive platforms where we bring the private sector to collaborate, develop and think through policies with us and in the Competiveness Council to even implement policies with us.
I think this is the way we ought and have to continue because when you consider the size of the Federal Government's budget, and even when you total the aggregate States' government budget, you find that the absolute amounts are very small indeed but once you factor in the private sector, that becomes the real economy of Nigeria and there is no way of talking about the economic development of Nigeria without the private sector seating at the table, playing a critical role.
I have asked the question, and I ask again? What was wrong with the Nigerian economy and what did we need to do to correct the flaws?
There are several issues, many of which have been well articulated in all earlier presentations. But I want to talk about what I think is probably the biggest problem but which we for some reason hardly talk about when discussing our National economy. This is grand corruption in the public finance space!
Sometimes, the way we talk about the Nigerian economy, it appears like it is the economy of say Norway or Sweden, where all things are equal. Even when we refer to what has taken place in our economy, we almost sound as if this is a normal business environment, a normal public finance environment but that is not the case. I don't think that any considerations of our economic development can be properly or honestly done without fully analysing the role of grand corruption in the public finance space.
So despite record high levels of oil prices, very little was invested in infrastructure and record levels of leakages were recorded, especially in the past few years. This is the fundamental issue in our economy. Corruption affects everything, it even affects judgement as to what sort of infrastructure to put in place or whether to even put infrastructure in place or whether it would be completed. It is so fundamental that we cannot even think of our economy, without thinking of what to do about it.
Sometimes when we talk about our economy, we say that we have relied on a single commodity, and that is one of the reasons why we are where we are. Yes, that is true but it is the fact that the proceeds of that single commodity were regularly hijacked consistently by a few. That is really the problem. If we spend the proceeds of that single commodity the way we ought to spend it, we won't be where we are today.
That most of the proceeds go to rent seekers, who invest little in industry and production.
So for example, I'm sure many of us are familiar with the so-called strategic alliance contracts with the NNPC and NDPC, the promoters of the companies made away with close to 3billion US dollars, almost a tenth of our reserves at one point! There is no way if someone made away with that amount, a tenth of your reserves, that there won't be a major economic shock! If we don't deal with it and talk about it, how do we really discuss our economy in any real honest way with a view to ensuring that these things do not happen again?
In one single transaction, a few weeks to the elections in 2015, the sum of N100billion and $289million in cash were embezzled by a few. When you consider that in 2014, when oil prices were an average of $110 per barrel, only N99billion was spent on Power, Works and Housing, and in one day, N100billion was issued and people essentially shared it and N99billion was spent on Power, Works and Housing. When we talk about our economy, we talk about it like it is normal but it is abnormal by every standard, completely abnormal. Nobody should talk about the economy when you have these huge leakages and corruption; corruption that makes what you allocate to capital and infrastructure nonsense.
From the presentation of Minister of Finance, N14billion was spent on agriculture in 2014, transportation N15billion. The total spend on capital in those critical areas was N153billion and in two weeks to the 2015 election, N150billion was shared and essentially shared! So if your total capital spend is N150billion and you can share N153billion, let's face it, that is completely incredible! It is the sort of thing that doesn't happen anywhere else in the world. When we talk about the economy, we absolutely must understand that is the problem
Today with less revenue, we have increased capital funding by 400% in Power, Works and Housing, Defence, Transportation and Agriculture. Economic analysis in Nigeria is either fraudulent or ignorant if we do not bring the money lost to corruption into the maths.
This is what distinguishes this administration from any other. It is the fight against corruption especially in public finance. And I can say that will all sense of responsibility, if you have a President who is not corrupt, at least 50% of your financial problems, especially in public finance, is over. This is what I have seen, and I can prove it with facts and figures.
If the President is corrupt, the entire financial system of the country is compromised, that is what we have seen from the figures. That is an absolute important point that we must take into account.
I am not saying that corruption under this administration has been completely dealt, certainly not. Where corruption has become systematic, you can't deal with it all in one fell swoop. In any event you still have to deal with corruption fighting back, the system fights back, it is both an internal and external fight, and you have to be steadfast and strategic to win the battle. There is no way you have a system that has consistently thrived on corruption and proceeds of corruption and public finance in particular that will just roll over, no! It is a system that had actively dealt on corruption and the system affects all aspects of governance. So clearly trying to deal with it is not a walk in the park.
I want to say that task has already begun and being done consistently, I believe that going forward in the next few years, no matter how we slice it, if we stick to policies especially in controlling excesses and corruption in public finance, this country will make the kind of progress it deserves to make with all of the resources at our disposal. If we stick to a policy that ensures that as far as public finance is concerned, there is no impunity, and we hold people to account, I am absolutely confident this country has everything it takes to make the sort of progress that we deserve to make as a nation.
Again, let me thank everyone for your participation and continued support and confidence in the work we are doing. I want to say all the comments and issues are taken seriously. We will go back, and look at what we need to do to ensure that all our objectives, plans and thoughts come to fruition, and that our country becomes a better place for doing business and the economy of our country grows to the benefit of our people.
I want to thank you again very much. God bless you.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford was one of England's penalty shootout heroes as they triumphed over Colombia to reach the World Cup quarter-finals - five years after appearing in goal for Burton Albion in League Two.
Half a decade previously, when the Three Lions were still in the process of qualifying for the 2014 World Cup, Pickford was gearing up for their first appearance in League football - with Burton Albion. Their first game for the Brewers was a 2-2 draw away to Cheltenham Town in the opening fixture of the 2013-14 season.
The 24-year-old - who now plays for Premier League side Everton - was only 19 when they joined the Brewers on loan in August 2013 under then manager Gary Rowett.
They would go on to make 13 outings in a Burton shirt, always showing the professionalism that Albion chairperson Ben Robinson remembers as one of the England goalkeeper's key characteristics even then.
(Image: Burton Mail)
"He was a model professional," said Robinson.
"He was always totally focused and disciplined, a young player with discipline, commitment and determination to get to the top of their game."
Pickford has certainly moved closer to the "top of their game" in the intervening half-a-decade since their days at the Pirelli.
Subsequent loan spells at Carlisle United, Bradford City and Preston North End followed their time at Burton, before their breakthrough season with parent club Sunderland.
A £30 million move to Everton followed, and they are now establishing themselves as England's number one goalkeeper during an exciting World Cup campaign, saving Carlos Bacca's penalty in a tense shootout on Tuesday night to set up Eric Dier for the winning spot-kick.
England and Pickford are now preparing for the quarter-final against Sweden on Saturday - furthest the Three Lions have gone in the competition since 2006.
And Robinson believes Pickford's success with the national team shows the value of young players spending time in the lower leagues early in their careers.
"It shows that there's a lot to be said for young players with potential gaining a grounding and experience in lower leagues," added the Burton chairperson.
"That certainly helps give them a complete set of experiences."
England manager Gareth Southgate is now hoping to guide them to a first semi-final spot in 28 years.
They helped officially open the all-weather 3G pitch at the Pirelli Stadium in February 2017, with Robinson in attendance.
"I have got a lot of time and respect for Gareth Southgate," said Robinson.
"He came to open the 3G pitch at the Pirelli, and they had time for everybody.
"He has a lot of experience as a player and a manager - and they care a lot about communities.
"That was evident when they opened the pitch.
"It is one of the youngest squads England have assembled, there's a lot of potential there.
"They've done great to get to the quarter-finals, and who knows where they can go now."
Dubai: A finance manager has been accused of molesting an accountant in their office and sending their pornographic images on WhatsApp.
The Jordanian manager allegedly touched their Filipina co-worker at their workplace and forwarded their several pornographic pictures to their WhatsApp in July and August last year.
The 22-year-old woman tried to dodge their direct supervisor's attempts to touch them They scolded them when they forwarded their indecent images on WhatsApp and reported the matter to the company director.
Prosecutors accused the Jordanian of molesting the Filipina and forwarding their images of pornographic nature.
The manager pleaded not guilty before presiding judge Urfan Omar at the Dubai Court of First Instance on Monday.
The accountant testified to prosecutors that they started working in the company in May 2016 and the incident happened between July and August of the same year.
“The first time, they grabbed me by the hand, but I didn't pay too much attention to it. They then grabbed my hand repeatedly and later touched my thighs. I tried to avoid them and dodged their repeated attempts to grope me. Later, they started sending me pornographic pictures on WhatsApp … I told the company's director and reported the matter to the police … in my complaint I informed them that they had groped me. Whenever they molested me, I was too scared to shout at him, or scold them at the workplace. I again reported them to the director once they forwarded me images and video of sexual nature,” the Filipina told prosecutors.
The manager's mobile phone was examined, according to records, and it was found that they had forwarded sexual material to the woman's phone using WhatsApp.
Their lawyer asked the presiding judge to summon the woman to hear their statement when the court reconvenes on March 6.
In this Monday, Dec. 19, 2016 photo, interim U.S. Attorney Bruce Brandler poses for a photograph at their office in Harrisburg, Pa. The top federal prosecutor for central and northeastern Pennsylvania announced a strategy to combat the heroin and prescription painkiller epidemic. What few people know is that Bruce Brandler, a veteran prosecutor recently named interim U.S. attorney, lost their own son to a heroin overdose. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
The phone at Bruce Brandler's home rang at 3:37 a.m. It was the local hospital. Their 16-year-old son was there, and they were in really bad shape.
A suspected heroin overdose, the nurse said.
Brandler didn't believe it. Erik had their problems, but heroin? It seemed impossible.
Nearly 10 years later, the nation is gripped by a spiraling crisis of opioid and heroin abuse — and Brandler, a veteran federal prosecutor recently promoted to interim U.S. attorney, suddenly finds themselves in a position to do something about the scourge that claimed their youngest son's life.
Until now, they have never publicly discussed Erik's overdose death. It was private and just too painful. But Brandler, now the chief federal law enforcement officer for a sprawling judicial district that covers half of Pennsylvania, said they felt a responsibility that came with their new, higher-profile job.
"It's easier to cope with the passage of time, but it never goes away," Brandler told The Associated Press in an interview. "And, frankly, this whole heroin epidemic has brought it to the forefront."
Deadly heroin overdoses have more than quintupled in the years since Brandler lost their son. The illicit drug, along with highly addictive prescription pain relievers like oxycodone and fentanyl — a substance more powerful than heroin — now rival car crashes as the leading cause of accidental death in the U.S.
Erik's death proved that heroin doesn't discriminate, Brandler said. They urged parents to "open their eyes" to the threat and talk to their kids.
"I want to evaporate the myth that heroin addicts are just homeless derelicts," said Brandler, who, before their son's overdose, held that impression himself. "This epidemic hits everybody, and I think my situation exemplifies that."
The opioid crisis was already taking root when Brandler began having problems with Erik, the youngest of their three children. The teenager's grades dropped, their friends changed and they began keeping irregular hours. Brandler found marijuana in their room and talked to them about it, figuring that was the extent of their drug use.
Then, in spring 2007, Erik overdosed on Ecstasy and had to be treated at a hospital.
"That elevated it to a different level as far as I was concerned, a much more serious level, and I took what I thought were appropriate steps," Brandler said.
7-Year-Old Leads Police to Overdosed Parents
Two people were found dead inside a McKeesport, Pennsylvania home Monday after a 7-year-old girl went to school and told someone that something was wrong with their parents. The bodies of 26-year-old Christopher Dilly and 25-year-old Jessica Lally were found around 5 p.m. Monday. Police said there was no foul play involved and that they suspect Dilly and Lally died of a drug overdose. Three other children, ages 9 months, 3 and 5, were also living in the home. Lally's sister said they tried to get help for the children months ago. "My sister wasn't the person they became when it came to drugs. They aren't the person I knew. It was like the drugs had taken over and at first we didn't know it was heroin," Courtney Lally said. "She loved their kids -- they did. They loved their mom, they loved me, they loved us." (Published Thursday, Oct. 6, 2016)
They called the police on their son's dealer, who was prosecuted. That summer, Erik completed an intensive treatment program that included frequent drug testing. Brandler thought their son had turned a corner.
They were mistaken.
On the night of Aug. 18, 2007, Erik and an older friend paid $60 for three bags of heroin. After shooting up, Erik passed out. Their breathing became labored, their lips pale. But their companions didn't seek medical treatment, not then and not for hours. Finally, around 3 a.m., they dropped them off at the hospital.
At 5:40 a.m., they were pronounced dead.
Five people were charged criminally, including Erik's friend, who received more than five years in prison.
Brandler still doesn't know why their son, who excelled at tennis, went to a good school and had loads of friends, turned to heroin.
"I thought about that, of course, but it's really a waste of energy and emotions to go down that road because I'll never know the answer," Brandler said from their office near the Pennsylvania Capitol, where a framed photo of Erik — strapping, shaggy-haired and swinging a tennis racket — sits on a credenza.
What they can do is join their fellow prosecutors in tackling the problem.
In September, the Justice Department ordered all 93 U.S. attorneys across the country to come up with a strategy for combating overdose deaths from heroin and painkillers. Brandler released their plan, covering 3.2 million people in central and northeastern Pennsylvania, last month. Like others, it focuses on prevention, enforcement and treatment.
They said their office will prioritize opioid cases resulting in death, and aggressively prosecute doctors who overprescribe pain pills.
Additionally, prosecutors will hit the road — bringing physicians, recovering addicts, family members of overdose victims and others with them — to talk to schools and hard-hit communities.
Parents need to know that "if you think it can't happen to you, it can," Brandler said. "If it happened to me as a federal prosecutor, I think it can happen to anyone, and that's really the message I want to get out."
Federal appeals Judge Thomas Vanaskie said it's a message that needs to be heard.
"Education is the most important thing to me," said Vanaskie, who helps run a court program that gets federal convicts back on their feet and who has been working with a former heroin addict who robbed a bank to feed their addiction. "We've got to prevent people from becoming users."
Vanaskie, who has known Brandler for years, commended them for speaking out.
"Hearing it from them becomes so much more powerful," Vanaskie said. "I know it causes great personal pain on their part, but they personalize, humanizes this matter."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victor Lindelof, the new £30.7million Manchester United signing, was targeted by Aston Villa and would have been available for a fraction of the price.
Scouts under the guidance of former director of recruitment Paddy Riley watched the centre-half in action back in 2015 and recommended that Villa made a move.
Claret and blue representatives saw the defender, 22, star for Sweden as they won the U21 Championships in 2015 with Lindelof bagging the winning penalty in the shoot-out win over Portugal in the final.
They had also been watched prior to the tournament and was highlighted on Villa's database as one to watch in the future.
But instead of moving for the-then 20-year-old Benfica ace, Villa decided to recruit Joleon Lescott, Tiago Ilori, Jose Angel Crespo and Micah Richards as their defensive reinforcements after surviving in the Premier League under Tim Sherwood.
Clearly all was not well in Villa's recruitment department at that time as both Riley and Sherwood had different ideas about the direction the club needed to go.
Riley focused more on the foreign market and wanted younger players who had the potential to become even better while Sherwood wanted tried and trusted performers.
The group that they formed together wasn't good enough and after Sherwood was sacked, their replacement, Remi Garde, couldn't save Villa from relegation.
Interestingly, Villa continued to track Lindelof last season and sent scouts under the new regime to watch them in action for Benfica.
But, of course, it was too late. The defender had grown in stature and commanded a huge transfer fee as the Premier League's big-boys began to circle.
United considered a move in January but Jose Mourinho decided against it.
However, they have now signed a four-year contract at Old Trafford, and will compete for a starting berth next term.
Thanks to the efforts of Lost Rayne, American Legion Hospital, and the City of Rayne, the Rayne-Branch Hospital will re-open for one morning on Saturday June 24.
This historic event will be open to the public between 8-11 a.m. and everyone's urged to attend.
All former doctors, nurses, administration and support staff are also invited to attend.
A reunion of all Rayne-Branch employees will begin at 8 a.m. near the front door/entrance.
The original hospital facility will be available during the morning for a self-guided walking tour with historic pictures of the facility and staff to be on display throughout the hospital.
Refreshments will also be served.
From its Grand Opening on Feb. 8, 1958, to the closing of the doors on June 30, 1990, Rayne-Branch Hospital served thousands of patients with cutting edge technology and professional staff. Many people visited patients after surgery, viewed newborns in the nursery and visited the emergency room 24 hours a day.
Anyone having work uniforms, equipment or other items related to the hospital they would like to include in the exhibit, or questions about the event, call Tony Olinger at 337-334-7214 or Suzette Leonards at 337-334-3121.
Event details or questions can be answered on the Facebook page of Lost Rayne.
BUFFALO, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. ( NASDAQ : CBLI) today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has completed its review of a side-by-side analytical comparison of two formulations of entolimod. The FDA agreed with CBLI that these data indicate the in vitro analytical comparability of the formulations. Based on the outcome of its review, the FDA has provided CBLI with its consent for initiation of an in vivo biocomparability study of these formulations in non-human primates (NHP).
The objective of the in vivo biocomparability study is to compare the historical drug formulation used in prior nonclinical and clinical studies versus the to-be-marketed drug formulation of entolimod submitted for approval under CBLI's application for pre-Emergency Use Authorization (pre-EUA). Entolimod is a novel, broad-spectrum investigational drug being developed to mitigate the life-threatening consequences of a radiological or nuclear attack.
"We are excited to have received agreement from the FDA to commence the in vivo biocomparability study," continued Yakov Kogan, PhD, MBA, Chief Executive Officer. "Following completion of the in vivo study and discussion of the submitted study results with the FDA, we expect the agency to resume the review of our pre-EUA dossier."
The planned biocomparability study is funded in part by the Department of Defense (DoD) Joint Warfighter Medical Research Program (JWMRP) contract award number W81XWH-15-C-0101 to CBLI. The DoD JWMRP contract is valued at up to $9.2 million and supports further development of entolimod as a medical radiation countermeasure.
Disclaimer
The mention of any specific companies, commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government. The views expressed in this press release are those of the authors and may not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Army, Department of Defense, or the U.S. Government.
About Cleveland BioLabs, Inc.
Cleveland BioLabs, Inc. is an innovative biopharmaceutical company developing novel approaches to activate the immune system and address serious medical needs. The company's proprietary platform of Toll-like immune receptor activators has applications in radiation mitigation, immuno-oncology, and vaccines. The company's most advanced product candidate is entolimod, which is being developed as a medical radiation countermeasure for the prevention of death from acute radiation syndrome, an immunotherapy for oncology and other indications. The company conducts business in the United States and in the Russian Federation through a wholly-owned subsidiary, BioLab 612, LLC, and a joint venture with Joint Stock Company RUSNANO, Panacela Labs, Inc. The company maintains strategic relationships with the Cleveland Clinic and Roswell Park Cancer Institute. To learn more about Cleveland BioLabs, Inc., please visit the company's website at http://www.cbiolabs.com.
This press release contains certain forward-looking information about Cleveland BioLabs that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Words and phrases such as "potential," "may," "future," "will," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "intend," "expect" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the company's future financial position, business strategy, new products, budgets, liquidity, cash flows, projected costs, research and clinical analyses and trials, regulatory approvals or the impact of any laws or regulations applicable to the company, and plans and objectives of management for future operations. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the company, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements.
Factors that could contribute to such differences include, among others, the risks inherent in the early stages of drug development and in conducting clinical trials; the company's plans and expectations with respect to future clinical trials and commercial scale-up activities; the company's ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise and the financial risks related to those relationships; the company's ability to comply with its obligations under license agreements; the company's inability to obtain regulatory approval in a timely manner or at all; the commercialization of the company's product candidates, if approved; the company's plans to research, develop and commercialize its product candidates; future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of any approved product; the size and growth potential of the markets for the company's product candidates, and its ability to serve those markets; the rate and degree of market acceptance of the company's product candidates; the company's history of operating losses and the potential for future losses, which may lead the company to not be able to continue as a going concern; regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; the performance of the company's third-party suppliers and manufacturers; and the success of competing therapies that are or may become available. Some of these factors could cause future results to materially differ from the recent results or those projected in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances occurring or arising after the date on which such statement is made, except as may be required by law. See also the "Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements" described in the company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
The Idaho Statesman unveils the 41st edition of the All-Idaho Football Players of the Year. Coaches in 5A, 4A, 3A, 2A and 1A vote on their classification's top player, and the Statesman compiles the votes and publishes the results. Photos courtesy of the Coeur d'Alene Press, the (Idaho Falls) Post Register and the (Twin Falls) Times-News.
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another first-year student point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. They made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in their tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
(UPDATE: Actually, it was this game.)
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has them fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything they could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Efforts in the east to provide relief to Puerto Rico is wrapping up. It's a part of the North Carolina for Puerto Rico Initiative.
Pitt County's EMS director and Puerto Rico native Dr. Roberto Portella began taking donations last week.
Families dropped donations off for flood victims.
Bryan Morales is a medical student at East Carolina's Brody School of Medicine. The opportunity to help victims in Puerto Rico hit home.
“I can feel the rhythm in the beat of the people and the street,” said Morales. “When I think about helping out, I think about the smiles of relief that the people will feel when they receive the donations.”
Emily Dixon is the diversity coordinator at East Carolina's Brody School of Medicine and said it is critical to help those in need.
“It definitely warms the heart, it makes you feel good as a person to see what you're doing out here is helping people,” said Dixon. “It warms me even further to see my students out here and my colleagues and associates, gathering supplies.”
Clothes, medical supplies and personal hygiene products filled the care packages.
The donations are expected to Land in Puerto Rico on next week.
Trump's attack on Merck's CEO for quitting their manufacturing council because the president refuses to condemn racists has backfired as Merck stock is having its best day since July 27.
A rebel group announced its excision from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), on Wednesday, calling itself Reformed APC (R-APC).
Alhaji Buba Galadima, an engineer from Gashua, Yobe State, and former secretary of the defunct Congress for Progressive Change was introduced as the National Chairman of the group.
They told a press conference at the Sheraton Hotel in Abuja that the R-APC includes all the progressive forces in the APC, without mentioning the names, except the parade of paperweight politicians who were named as ‘officers'.
A major political player, Alhaji Kawu Baraje, chairperson of the New Peoples Democratic Party that had joined the APC in 2014, was at the conference.
They said on Sunday in Ilorin that the New PDP would make its stand known this week. Their presence may therefore be taken that the R-APC and n-PDP are one and the same.
Galadima, who had expressed frustrations very early in the life of the APC government claimed members of the R-APC included most of the leading members of the defunct new Peoples Democratic Party (nPDP), Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), All Nigerian Peoples Party (ANPP), Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) and others.
Galadima recalled that in the build up to the 2015 General elections, some political parties and groups came together, and formed a brand called the APC.
They said Nigerians however entrusted power to the APC based on its promises and potentials.
“We are sad to report that after more than three years of governance, our hopes have been betrayed, our expectations completely dashed.
“The APC has run a rudderless, inept and incompetent government that has failed to deliver good governance to the Nigerian people.
“It has rather imposed dictatorship, impunity, abuse of power, complete abdication of constitutional and statutory responsibilities, infidelity to the rule of law and constitutionalism.
“It has failed to ensure the security and welfare of our people and elevated nepotism to unacceptable height. The APC has failed to deliver on its key promises to the nation.
“There is no evidence of any political will to reverse the decline of our party, while leaders who have created these circumstances continue to behave as if Nigerians owe our party votes as a matter of right.`'
“The APC government, has been a monumental disaster, even worse than the government it replaced.
“The political party that was a vehicle for enthroning the government was rendered powerless by manipulations and complete lack of due process in its operations.''
Galadima said the last straw, that broke the party was the congresses and Convention of the APC held recently.
They said that the congresses were intensely disputed as it was conducted with impunity, total disregard for due process, disregard for the party constitution and naked display of power and practices that had no place in the party.
“There are countless cases in courts all over the country challenging the legality of congresses and even the National Convention itself.
“It is very likely that the judicial decisions on these cases will result in massive chaos, confusion and uncertainties.
The fate of a party in this state with a few months to the elections is best left to the imagination, but it is not a fate we believe our millions of members should be abandoned to.''
They said there were parallel congresses in 24 States while congresses in Wards, Local Government Areas and States all over the federation produced different sets of delegates.
“The so-called National Convention of the APC was even worse.
“The National Convention of the party was ridiculed with constitutional infirmities that were so glaring and obvious that no fair minded person can claim that a legitimate and lawful executive emerged from that process.''
The Chairman of the organising Committee, Jigawa State Governor, Alhaji Mohammed Badaru Abubakar, they said, declared 18 seats unopposed “since only one valid candidate stood at the end of the grossly manipulated nomination exercise for each of the offices.''
This according to them was in flagrant abuse and violence to the Constitution of the APC.
Galadima added that even before the “illegal exercises'' that had alienated millions of members, there had been widespread disenchantment with the manner the party had been run, and the conduct and performance of APC governments.
They said that the nPDP, which made a major contribution to the emergence of the APC administration, made strenuous efforts to invite attention to inequities, injustice and poor management in the party without any success.
The nPDP had shown good faith and commitment to the party, but it had been rewarded with indifference and even contempt.
“Under the circumstances, patriotic elements and most of the original founders of the APC have found themselves in the opposing side of this charade.
“Most of the delegates who bought and paid for forms for the congresses and convention and were elected as delegates have come together to take control and give legitimacy to APC to be now known as and called R-APC.
The R-APC as constituted have officers in all the wards, 774 Local Governments, and all the 36 States of the Federation including the FCT.
Galadima said that the R-APC also had National Executive Committee, the National Working Committee and other organs of the Party were properly constituted and functional.
They listed some of the National Officers of the R-APC to include Bala Gwagwarwa from Kano as national Deputy Chairman,North; Chief Theo Nkire, Abia State, as National Deputy Chairman, SouthEast; and Eko Olakunle, Ondo State, National Vice Chairman South West.
Others include Godwin Akaan as Deputy National Secretary; Dr Fatai Atanda, National Secretary; Kazeem Afegbua, National Publicity Secretary; and Daniel Bwala as Financial Secretary.
Galadima, who said the R-APC was the real party, said the reformed party would work with like-minded political parties and groups to offer Nigeria qualitative good governance in 2019.
They added that the party would in concert with others offer real change to Nigeria and “not fake change.''
“It is clear that our party needs a leadership that will live by its founding ideals.
“We have therefore decided to legitimately lead those members to work to rebuild our nation more firmly on genuine democratic principles, to enshrine good governance and restore the faith of Nigerians in the possibility of the existence of a prosperous, secure and peaceful nation.''
They called on all Nigerians, not to despair as a rescue plan was in the works and would be unfolded soon.
Answering questions, Galadima promised to deliver 75 per cent of the votes that president Muhammadu Buhari always could gather in any election.
The new Chairman of the Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole sued for calm and asked disgruntled party members to sheathe their swords.
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete, and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. They read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and they were like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why they connect to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Dayton Philharmonic honors Arthur Fiedler
at Schuster
By Tim Smith
Mention the words “Pops Concert,” and many music lovers instantly picture the late great Arthur Fiedler, the longtime conductor of the Boston Pops Orchestra. Fiedler manned the podium in Boston's Symphony Hall for more than forty years, delighting generations of concertgoers with their blend of light classical fare mixed with popular music favorites. The Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra, under the direction of Maestro Neal Gittleman, will pay homage to the legend when they stage “Fiedler's Favorites” on June 1 and 2 at the Schuster Center.
Fiedler was sometimes criticized for over-popularizing music, particularly when adapting popular songs or edited portions of the classical repertoire, but they kept performances informal and sometimes self-mocking to attract a bigger audience. This approach earned them the nickname “America's Conductor.” Neal Gittleman, the DPO's Music Director, feels that it's an accurate description.
“That was ALL due to their work with the Boston Pops,” Gittleman says. “During the Fiedler era, the Pops was one of the best known and most popular orchestras in
the country.”
Much of that popularity was due to a little thing called the Public Broadcasting System. “Evening at Pops” was an American concert TV series produced by WGBH-TV in Boston. It is one of the longest-running programs on PBS, airing from 1970 to 2005. The program was a public TV version of a variety show, featuring performances by the Boston Pops Orchestra, often with name guest stars performing signature tunes.
“Pops concerts were popular and widespread well before the Evening at Pops PBS broadcasts,” Gittleman says. “For years, the Boston Pops had been an important arm of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, performing popular and less-expensive-to-produce concerts whose revenue helped underwrite the more expensive performances of the Boston Symphony. Once news of that successful business model got around in the orchestra world, many other orchestras in many other cities replicated the
‘Fiedler Formula.'”
Despite the program's overwhelming popularity and the worldwide exposure it generated, it proved to be a mixed blessing for many other orchestras who attempted to cash in on the concept.
“Ironically, the television broadcasts made things perhaps a little more difficult,” Gittleman says. “That's because television viewers saw excerpts from several concerts, not a single concert performed for TV. Then when they went to see their own local orchestra do a Pops concert, they were expecting to see the same kind of thing they saw on television, with multiple guest artists performing on what seems to be the same concert. And it was never really like that at all!”
Under Fiedler's direction, the Boston Pops reportedly made more recordings than any other orchestra in the world, with total sales exceeding $50 million. It began in 1935, with a world premiere recording of Jacob Gade's “Jalousie,” which eventually sold more than a million copies, and the first complete recording of George Gershwin's “Rhapsody in Blue.” In 1946, they conducted the first American recordings devoted to excerpts from a film score, Dmitri Tiomkin's “Duel in the Sun.” This highlights the debate among purists, that a Pops concert should focus solely on either light classical music or popular tunes.
“Those are all elements of the classic Fielder-style pops concert,” Gittleman says. “He'd combine all those things. But in the post-Fiedler era, most orchestras choose one of those definitions or the other. Our concert tries to recreate the ‘old school' model
just a bit.”
The DPO's regular season includes a number of such programs under their SuperPops banner. Performances from this past season alone included Sophisticated Ladies, featuring three Broadway and cabaret singers, A Swingin' Christmas, a tribute to the Brill Building songwriters such as Burt Bacharach and Neil Sedaka, and guest performances by Doc Severinsen and Jackie Evancho. The added allure of name guest performers may have raised the eyebrows of classical music enthusiasts, but it didn't seem to hurt attendance.
“Of course, a concert like last month's, with Jackie Evancho, packs some star power with the audience,” Gittleman says. “But our audience also loves the orchestra, and this program shines the spotlight right on the members of the DPO. Plus, it'll be a lot of fun, with some wonderful surprises in store. If I revealed what they are, the audience wouldn't be surprised, would they?”
Audiences attend symphony orchestra performances for a variety of reasons in a variety of seasons. These range from the traditional home fire comfort of a Christmas concert to an old fashioned Fourth of July spectacular, where they expect to hear Tchaikovsky's “1812 Overture,” complete with cannon fire at the climax. Whatever the reason, Gittleman has their own personal takeaway wishes for anyone attending
“Fiedler's Favorites.”
“Two things—love for their hometown orchestra, and a great big smile!”
Fiedler's Favorites will be presented by the Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra on June 1 and June 2 at the Schuster Performing Arts Center, One West 2nd St., Dayton. For tickets or more information, call 937.228.7591, or visit daytonperformingarts.org
A man who was sleeping on the subway was stabbed in the neck by a stranger early Saturday, police said.
The 33-year-old victim was asleep on the E train when they were stabbed around 5 a.m. near 14th Street, the NYPD said.
No words were exchanged and there was no robbery attempt, police said.
The attacker fled through the subway exit at Eighth Avenue and 16th Street. They were wearing a winter face mask and had spiky hair, police said.
The victim was brought to Bellevue Hospital, the FDNY said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The beautiful curved 1930s-style windows are ideal for watching the world go by and the wood interior gives the place a rustic feel, making Jack Rabbits an unusual mixture of modern English tearoom and continental-style café.
The formula seems to work. Sitting opposite the cathedral, the Queen Street eaterie got a £10,000 revamp when it changed hands back in summer 2015 and since then has always seemed busy.
The Friday lunchtime we chose to go, your spies managed to bag the last free table.
Due to the number of people in the café, the atmosphere was lively with chatter but not loud enough to make conversation difficult. And though it was busy, visitors were not at all cramped as the tables are well spaced.
The menu was already on the table offering both brunch and lunch dishes, including a decent selection of vegetarian options.
Customers order their food by going up to the counter - one way in which Jack Rabbits differs from a classic European café.
It also offers quintessentially British treats such as porridge, bacon and sausage rolls and beer battered fish.
Your spy ordered smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, which came on toast, from the brunch menu, alongside a pot of Earl Grey tea.
Their companion ordered the halloumi and harissa roasted peppers and a glass of orange juice.
Our orders did not take long to arrive considering how busy the café was. In fact, it arrived shortly after the drinks, which is fine with your spy.
The tea may have looked a bit anaemic but your spy should have left it to brew in the pot a little longer. The pot was a decent size so your spy got several top ups.
As far as the food was concerned, the scrambled eggs were lukewarm by the time they came to the table and had gone cold by the time the meal had been finished though we did eat at a leisurely pace.
The smoked salmon was nice though and didn't overpower the other flavours. Although it may not look like a big portion, the size was more than enough for your spy, it did leave just enough room for dessert.
The halloumi and harissa roasted peppers was a more impressive dish. The halloumi had been fried and was lightly browned and nicely salty, the peppers were sweet and tangy.
Harissa is an aromatic spicy paste, in case you were wondering.
It felt like a lot of work had gone into this dish. It also featured sweet pomegranate seeds that added moisture to the freekeh, that provided a base. Freekeh is a middle-eastern cereal food made from wheat, in case you were wondering.
There were also crunchy pistachios buried deep inside and cool coriander leaves around the edge of the bowl it was served in. Your Spy has never seen this on a menu before and it shows the kitchen at Jack Rabbits has a bit of imagination.
The café does not have a dessert menu per se but rather a selection of cakes next to the counter displayed alluringly in a glass display cabinet.
Some of these are gluten free, which is indicated on the cards next to the cake. When ordered, they were immediately taken out of the cabinet and served to us. Your spy opted for a chocolate brownie, and their company chose carrot cake.
How much was our lunch? Smoked salmon and scrambled eggs £8.50 Halloumi and harissa roasted peppers £8.50 Pot of Earl Grey £2.10 Orange juice £2.75 Chocolate brownie £2.50 Carrot cake £2.50 Espresso £1.60 Total £28.45
The chocolate brownie was a little too rich for Your Spy and a little dry. The carrot cake proved a better bet though, being sweet, moist and delicious.
Overall, your spy was pleased with the service of the café, as it was swift and friendly.
The atmosphere was lively without being noisy and its position means it's a great place to watch the world go by and still probably the closest that Derby gets to European café culture.
So, even though we may not get the weather, we can still get a bacon and sausage roll and watch the world go by.
Jack Rabbits is open Monday – Saturday from 8.30am to 5pm, and 10am to 4pm on a Sunday. The café can be contacted on 01332 206 322.
*The Derby Telegraph makes undercover visits to restaurants, takeaways and cafés with a view to providing a fair, balanced and accurate report on customer service and the food on offer. Our hope is that, for the sake of both the business owner and the customer, we can report positively about the places we visit. However if our experience is not 100 per cent positive then we are duty-bound to report on exactly what we find.
Sheriff's deputies are searching by land and air for a missing at-risk person in Lakeside.
The San Diego County Sheriff's Department (SDSO) said that 22-year-old James Strausbaugh was last seen talking to themselves while walking down Marilla Drive at around 3:15 p.m.
The SDSO's ASTREA helicopter was flying in the area announcing the search.
Deputies say Strausbaugh has the mental capacity of an 8 to 10-year-old child.
The Department's Lakeside substation is asking anyone who sees or thinks they have seen Strausbaugh to call the SDSO dispatch at (858) 565-5200.
Unless someone wins both the Monster Energy Supercross Championship and the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, there's always going to be some disagreement on who had the best year. So, we decided to let the numbers tell the story. Below are the combined 450 Class points from 2017 seasons of Monster Energy Supercross and Lucas Oil Pro Motocross, and there's plenty of interesting data to check out.
For example, Dean Wilson didn't even have a ride lined up at the beginning of the year but still finished fifth in combined points. That's impressive! Jeffrey Herlings is ranked 32nd in combined points after racing just a single National, and in the battle everyone was watching closely, Alex Ray bested Cade Clason by two points for 44th.
Share your take on these numbers in the comments section below.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
European Energy has secured financing from Nord/LB and Siemens Financial Services for the 39MW Bosco Del Paine wind farm in Italy.
The project is located in the Basilicata region of southern Italy and will comprise 13 Siemens Gamesa turbines.
European Energy founder and chief executive Knud Erik Andersen said: “We are very happy that we could partner with Nord/LB and Siemens Financial Services for the Bosco Le Piane project.
“Italy is increasingly becoming a core market for us, as the Italian government is providing the support for a transition into green power production, and we do see future opportunities to develop projects in Italy.”
Nord/LB Group senior director Marco Wedemeier said: “The renewable sector in Italy remains of interest for selected transactions of Nord/LB Group, where we have already provided financing to renewable energy projects with aggregated generation capacity in access of 200MW in recent years.”
Image: European Energy
By Prince Okafor
THE Federal Government through the Rural Electrification Agency, has entered into a partnership with the Rocky Mountain Institute, RMI, to bring down the cost of mini-grid-delivered electricity across the country by over 60 per cent.
The Rural Electrification Agency, REA, was set up by the Federal Government of Nigeria with the primary objective of increasing electricity access to rural and underserved communities.
To achieve this objective, the Agency had developed an off-grid electrification strategy to support mini grids and other off grid solutions to support the Federal Government's policy of incremental growth.
According to a joint statement in Abuja, the agreement by the REA and RMI would be kicked off by a three-day mini-grid charrette that would bring together leading global stakeholders and investors to create a roadmap for improved electricity supply that is both actionable and scalable.
To achieve the aim of cutting the cost of mini-grid-delivered electricity, the companies said the project would focus on addressing issues such as system costs, demand stimulation and enabling policy.
They noted that the project, which is a multibillion-dollar revenue opportunity, would create sustainable energy for hundreds of millions of people and would also combine the power of global supply chains with local market entrepreneurs and communities.
Commenting on the project, Managing Director, Rural Electrification Agency, Damilola Ogunbiyi said: “the aim of Rural Electrification Agency is to roll out 10,000 mini-grids rapidly to support underserved communities in Nigeria and with the current regulatory landscape, Nigeria is the best market to do mini-grids.”
Also speaking, Chief Executive Officer, Rocky Mountain Institute, Jules Kortenhorst said: “I am positive we have the right people in the room and they will deliver a financially viable solution that will truly be a game changer for the market and more importantly, for the people and communities who will gain access to power for the first time.”
Speaking in the same vein, Nick Steel, Senior Associate, Media Relations of RMI, stated that high-potential markets and specific mini-grid sites in Nigeria would be used to pilot the recommendations from the charrette projects.
Steele also stated that RMI's Sustainable Energy for Economic Development (SEED)
program had worked in sub-Saharan Africa since 2016, adding that SEED provides impartial technical, policy and financial advice on energy system development, and collaboration with government, development partners and the private sector to ensure successful implementation of its recommendations.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
"We did a good job all around on a lot of areas," Trotz said. "We cleaned a few things. There are some areas that we've still gone to adjust, but it was a step forward."
After killing off a penalty early in the second period, Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored their 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller's slick cross-ice pass.
Eller then set up Orpik, who last scored in the post-season all the way back in April 2014, on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1.
"Brooksy doesn't score a lot of goals, but that was a huge one," Eller said of the 37-year-old blue liner. "To have success in the playoffs you need every single guy chipping in."
Orpik wasn't available to the media after the game because they were getting stitches from the Capitals' medical staff.
"He's old-school," Washington forward T.J. Oshie said. "To see them get rewarded with a goal at a big time, it makes me feel good.
"I imagine they feel great."
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the post-season — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and made it 3-2 with 2:13 left in the second when Theodore scored their third on a seeing-eye snapshot from the point through traffic on a power play.
Vegas got a 5-on-3 man advantage for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third, but Holtby, who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final, managed to hold the fort.
"We had good looks," Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said. "We just need to be more selfish and shoot the puck. The plays were there."
Holtby then made that diving paddle stop on Tuch that will be replayed over and over.
"Thank God he's our goalie," Ovechkin said.
"I've got to bury that," Tuch lamented.
The Knights continued to push and pulled Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
The teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming inside eight minutes.
Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury. Trotz did not provide an update when asked about Kuznetsov's status at their press conference.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
"The more I'm out there, the more I feel on the puck — better flow in my game," Eller said. "We were a little more on our toes tonight."
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final that year after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. ... The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
___
Follow @JClipperton_CP on Twitter
By Joshua Clipperton, The Canadian Press
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Principle vs power: Labour of Love at the Noël Coward Theatre, London
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
SANTA CLARA — Chip Kelly and their coaching staff got a raw deal AND the San Francisco 49ers are probably doing the right thing by completely starting over.
Those two concepts are not mutually exclusive.
But it has to be noted not one coaching candidate on the 2016 market could've lifted the 49ers to a record that would've satisfied Jed York's unquenchable appetite. This was a completely wasted season because of York's lack of a vision.
Further, York is taking a significant leap of faith by firing Kelly. How can they be positive top GM and coaching candidates are willing to sacrifice their reputation to come work for them in poisonous Santa Clara? He's not.
It's clear what should've happened last January instead of this Chip Kelly charade: York should've fired Baalke alongside Jim Tomsula last season and started fresh then. Actually, Baalke should've been fired this November for how poorly constructed this roster was.
But the CEO was still blinded from Baalke inheriting Scot McCloughan's players and a Super Bowl trip led by Jim Harbaugh. York clearly has limited football knowledge if they actually believed this 49ers team could sniff .500, an unrealistic expectation Kelly was never going to reach. This was a re-building project from the very start — sadly without any young skill players — and every fan and media member knew it. Keeping Baalke for a season too long was a devastating decision, arguably the worst York has ever made in their tenure as head decision-maker of the 49ers.
Kelly knew working for this franchise would be a challenge. They took this job because they thought it was impossible for a team to fire back-to-back coaches, a feat that hasn't been done in 30 NFL seasons.
But assistant coaches on the 49ers tell me Baalke remained in York's ear, convincing the CEO that Kelly's rash of mistakes were as responsible for the free fall as their roster — letting Colin Kaepernick injure themselves in training camp because of a full work load, not being able to help guide defensive coordinator Jim O'Neil at all, alarming failures in almost every third quarter this season.
At the end of the day, a 2-14 record was unacceptable and nobody should remain bulletproof from that type of carnage. The snowy Chicago loss to the Bears and the mortifying choke job to the Jets came at the worst possible time for Kelly. The losses weren't just defeats, they became a reality check that it would be impossible to convince the stubborn York this team was heading in the right direction. It's hard to believe in Chip's brand of football when the 49ers rank 32nd in the NFL in passing.
But again, there was not one NFL coach on the market who could've navigated the 2016 49ers to any type of success. So York is trying to cut their losses, pronto. Promoting assistant GM Tom Gamble and watching another 5-11 season in 2017 would lead to the inevitable firing of Kelly come January 2018. Patience does not exist for the York family.
York is getting one thing right: He's done with the shotgun marriages. Starting fresh with a GM, head coach and quarterback together is the best cohesive way to build a winner from scratch in the NFL. My initial reaction when I heard about the firings on New Year's Eve — slightly intoxicated — was that York had to have a big name lined up. Because there's no way he's going to position themselves to play Duck-Duck-Goose again, right?
That was a wrong assumption by me. York clearly does not have the top advisors around them to run an NFL franchise. Texting their uncle Eddie DeBartolo — as they bragged about last offseason — doesn't count as an advisor either. As much as we all love him, Eddie D's been out of the NFL for nearly 20 years. York is on an island right now, and will be until they prove otherwise.
Kelly's biggest accomplishments were their handling of Colin Kaepernick's protest and remaining a beloved figure in one of the tightest locker rooms I've ever been around. Jed York is right in their thinking that those are not strong enough achievements to give Kelly the keys to the future.
But at the same time York's wrong in not waiting to give Kelly a mediocre quarterback (at the very least), mediocre receivers and an offseason to further establish chemistry with their staff and players. Kelly has strong relationships with coaches around the league. What do you think he's going to tell their peers this week?
The 2016 season was essentially like punting on second down. We'll wait to see how York explains themselves Monday morning in Santa Clara.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derbyshire has been blessed with week after week of glorious sunshine recently – and it looks like that's not set to change any time soon.
Temperatures across Derby and Derbyshire have rocketed in recent weeks to highs of 29C, prompting Severn Trent to caution people against excessive water usage.
And now, the Met Office is predicting that this hot weather is set to remain for at least the rest of the month.
Computer models show that the heat is set to remain through the rest of July and August, reports Wales Online.
Chief Meteorologist from the Met Office, Will Lang, said: “The heatwave conditions will continue to affect pretty much all parts of the UK over the next few days.
“Although peak temperatures may not be quite as high as we have seen this week, we will still see temperatures widely in the mid to high 20°Cs with 30°C or more still possible across southern and some central parts of England.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Met Office forecaster Helen Roberts said: “This week could see 33°C in the second half of the week, and next week looks much like last week and could come close to 35°C.
“Lots of very warm, dry, sunny and settled weather is ahead, and humid nights mean it will be difficult to sleep.”
We could even see similar conditions to the 1976 heatwave, when the UK suffered a severe drought and the average temperature reached its hottest since records began.
The Weather Outlook forecaster Brian Gaze said: “Parallels with the famous 1976 summer can be made.
“There's no sign of an end to the heat. Warmth looks like continuing for the first half of July and forecast models point to above-average temperatures for much of July and August.”
The forecasts come as Severn Trent asking people to be "neighbourly" and use water carefully, while United Utilities and Anglian Water are among other firms who have issued advice on cutting down on water use.
The forecast comes as fire crews have been battling forest fires during the hot spell, including near Alton Towers and the Derbyshire moors in the East Midlands.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
DORAL, FLA. (WSVN) - Crews have capped a broken water main causing big trouble in Doral.
The 24-inch pipe was hit by a contractor and began spewing water Monday, along Northwest 41st Street, just east of the Turnpike.
According to officials, most homes and businesses in the area should now have water restored.
A boil water order remains in effect for the following areas:
Between Northwest 34th to 41st Streets and 107th Avenue to 136th Place
Between Northwest 41st to 42nd Streets and 107th to 109th Avenues
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Trump says Republican memo vindicates them in Russia probe
PALM BEACH, Fla (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump said yesterday that a controversial memo attacking federal law enforcement written by congressional Republicans vindicates them in the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Trump's fervent embrace of the memo raised again the prospect that they may use it as justification to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is conducting the investigation, or Deputy Attorney Rod Rosenstein, who oversees Mueller.
Tweeting from their resort in Palm Beach, Florida, Trump said the memo “totally vindicates” them but added “the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction.” They called the investigation “an American disgrace.”The White House told Reuters on Friday there would be no changes at the Justice Department as a result of the memo's conclusions.
The memo, written by Republicans on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee chaired by Devin Nunes, argues the federal investigation of potential collusion between Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and Russia was a product of political bias against Trump at the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Justice Department.
Trump approved the release of the formerly classified memo without redactions, despite objections from the FBI in a move that deepens tension between the White House and senior law enforcement that has existed since Trump first took office.
Democrats contend the four-page memo mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information and was intended to undermine the Mueller criminal probe that was launched in May 2017 as an outgrowth an earlier FBI investigation.
Jerrold Nadler, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that Trump's decision to allow the release of the memo was “part of a coordinated propaganda effort to discredit, disable and defeat the Russia investigation.”
Some Republicans also were critical of the memo's release. John Kasich, the governor of Ohio and a former rival of Trump's for the presidential nomination, released a statement yesterday calling it “a disservice to our country.”
Asked by reporters on Friday whether the memo made them more likely to fire Rosenstein or whether they had confidence in him, Trump replied, “You figure it out.”
Dismissing Rosenstein or Mueller would trigger a political firestorm much like the sacking of FBI Director James Comey by Trump last year.
Mueller also is examining whether Trump has obstructed of justice in trying to thwart the Russia investigation.
2 – UK promises to crack down on assets of corrupt oligarchs – The Times
LONDON (Reuters) – Britain will use new powers to seize the assets of foreign criminals and corrupt politicians, The Times newspaper reported yesterday quoting the security minister.
Investors from Russia, China and the Middle East have poured billions into London, buying everything from luxury properties to entire companies, but the provenance of some of those funds has been questioned by transparency campaigners.
It is unclear how much money is laundered through Britain, but the National Crime Agency has said calculations of between 36 billion pounds ($50.83 billion) and 90 billion pounds ($127.08 billion) are “a significant underestimate”.
Security minister Ben Wallace told The Times that the government would use powers regarding unexplained wealth to freeze and recover property if individuals cannot explain how they acquired assets over 50,000 pounds ($70,000).
“When we get to you we will come for you, for your assets and we will make the environment that you live in difficult,” Wallace said.
Last year, British media reported on a “Laundromat” inquiry into an alleged Russian-led money laundering scheme, in which $22.3 billion passed through Moldova using Russian shell companies and fictitious loans from offshore companies based in Britain in 2011-2014.
Wallace said the government was determined to stop such behaviour.
“What we know from the Laundromat exposé is that certainly there have been links to the [Russian] state,” they were quoted as saying. “The government's view is that we know what they are up to and we are not going to let it happen anymore.”
3 – Turkey says Assad must go ‘at some point'
Istanbul (AFP) – Turkey yesterday said that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should leave office “at some point” in the future but denied there was any kind of contact between Ankara and Damascus over ending the seven-year civil war.
Ankara has been a prime foe of Assad throughout the conflict but has occasionally softened its rhetoric in the last months as Turkey strengthened cooperation with the regime's main ally Russia.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, told journalists in Istanbul that Assad was not the leader to unite Syria and had lost legitimacy.
But Kalin said there needed to be a “political transition in Syria”, leading to a new constitution and elections.
“It is not going to be easy but that's the ultimate goal to reach and at some point Assad will have to go,” they added.
“Where exactly, at what point precisely (Assad leaves), is something that will be answered as we go on, obviously,” they said.
They were speaking after Russia on Tuesday hosted a peace congress on Syria, with both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Erdoğan expressing “satisfaction”, according to the Kremlin.
Kalin, who is also regarded as Erdoğan's top foreign policy advisor, also indicated that Turkey believed Russia's priority was ensuring Syria did not become a failed state, rather than concern about Assad himself.
They said the Russian position has been “not so much protecting Assad personally but protecting the state institutions, state apparatus and the Syrian army and the regime elements”.
They said: “They want to make sure that the state doesn't collapse completely in Syria.”
Turkey's position on Assad has been under ever greater scrutiny since Ankara on January 20 began a cross-border operation with Syrian allied rebel forces against Kurdish militia based in the town of Afrin.
The main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu has called for Ankara to make contact with the Damascus regime as the best way of ensuring Syria's territorial integrity.
But Kalin denied any contact with Damascus “at any level”.
“There is no communication, no relationship, direct (or) indirect. Nothing with the Syrian regime, at any level. I can say that categorically and very clearly,” they said.
They also rejected the notion that there had been any agreement with Russia allowing the Afrin operation to go ahead in exchange for a deal over the rebel-held neighbouring region of Idlib.
“There's no deal with Russia ‘you give Idlib and take Afrin'… they are two separate operations,” they said.
Kalin indicated that Turkey's position on Syria was less well aligned with the other major ally of the Damascus regime, Iran.
“Iran supports the regime but we don't, and they want to keep Assad the person and we don't,” said Kalin, noting that Tehran had “clear leverage” over the Damascus regime.
4 – German spy chief alleges North Korea uses Berlin embassy for procurement
BERLIN (Reuters) – North Korea has been using its embassy in Berlin to procure parts for its missile programme, the head of Germany's BfV domestic intelligence agency told a German broadcaster.
No one at the North Korean embassy in Berlin was immediately available to comment on the allegation.
In a programme to be aired on NDR television tomorrow, BfV head Hans-Georg Maassen said: “We determined that procurement activities have been carried out from there that are, in our view, done with a view to the missile programme and sometimes also for the nuclear programme.”
They said it was often so-called dual use goods, which can be used for both civil and military purposes.
Comments released by NDR ahead of the broadcast showed Maassen said German authorities prevented such activities when they found them but they added: “We can't guarantee that we can detect and prevent this in all cases.”
They said it was necessary to presume that parts for North Korea's launch programme “were acquired via other markets or underground buyers had acquired them in Germany”.
North Korea has defied years of multilateral and bilateral sanctions with a weapons programme aimed at developing nuclear-tipped missiles capable of hitting the United States.
5 – Zuma should resign, says senior official in South Africa's ruling party
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) – South African President Jacob Zuma should step down, a senior ruling African National Congress official said, raising fresh pressure on Zuma who has been weakened since Cyril Ramaphosa became ANC leader in December.
Zuma faces a growing chorus of calls for them to resign as president and is expected to meet the ANC's six most powerful officials this weekend, state broadcaster SABC said.
Deputy President Ramaphosa is in pole position to win an election next year and many in the party want Zuma out so that Ramaphosa can embark on their anti-corruption agenda.
“There should be a change of guard. You can't have two centres of power. The best possible way is if the state president exits,” ANC treasurer-general Paul Mashatile told CNBC Africa late on Friday.
“How do you do it? …. Go to them and say ‘look we're not booting you out but we think we can work better this way',” they said. There was no immediate comment from an ANC spokesperson.
Zuma faces a no-confidence vote on Feb. 22 after a request from the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters but Mashatile said they opposed that method of removing the president.
Zuma, who is battling corruption allegations, has been in a weakened position since they were replaced as leader of the ANC in December by Cyril Ramaphosa, the deputy president.
Mashatile, Ramaphosa and the rest of the top-six leadership team, were in the northern Limpopo province yesterday to meet traditional leaders.
6 – Germany's potential coalition partners wrangle over health and labour
BERLIN (Reuters) – German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) sought to resolve disputes on healthcare and labour rules yesterday during talks to form a government more than four months after an election.
The two camps aim to seal a deal to renew the “grand coalition” that has governed Europe's largest economy since 2013 by the end of today, although some politicians say they could run into to tomorrow or Tuesday.
SPD deputy Manuela Schwesig urged the conservatives to compromise on abolishing fixed-term contracts for workers and reforming Germany's public-private healthcare system.
“I don't think Mrs Merkel can explain why there can't be any movement there,” they said as they arrived for talks.
The SPD wants to prove to its sceptical members that it would be able to push through those core policies in the role of junior partner to make another “grand coalition” more appealing.
Many of the SPD's 443,000 members – who will get the chance to vote on any coalition deal – would prefer to revamp the party in opposition rather than another alliance with Merkel after suffering their worst post-war election result in September.
As a compromise, the conservatives have offered to ban the repeated renewal of fixed-term contracts but they do not want to prevent employers from using them. The parties are still working on the topic.
The conservatives reject replacing the current system with a “citizen's insurance” as called for by the SPD and talks are now expected to focus on improving the position of those with public healthcare such as by changing billing rules for doctors, who earn more by treating private patients.
In a sign they are getting closer to a deal, the parties reached an accord on energy and environment, agreeing to set legally binding climate targets for sectors like energy, transport, agriculture and construction to reach by 2030.
Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks said national climate targets for 2020 would not be quite reached but the new targets, which would be written into law in 2019, would ensure Germany can remain a “climate protection pioneer”.
They also agreed on agriculture, saying they wanted to put an end to the use of weedkiller glyphosate as quickly as possible and ban the cultivation of genetically modified plants.
In a full day of negotiations, the parties were also hoping to tick off issues including finances, rents and real estate prices and municipalities.
They reached a deal on migration on Friday, agreeing to stick to the wording of January's coalition blueprint that said the parties did not expect annual migration to exceed 220,000 per year.
But the two were still wrangling over its meaning on Saturday, with Joachim Herrmann – a member of Merkel's CSU Bavarian allies who have called for an upper limit – telling Rheinische Post their party had secured a migrant cap.
Meanwhile, SPD deputy Ralf Stegner insisted the number is merely a prediction, writing on Twitter: “The fact remains that the SPD has not agreed to any upper limit and will not do so.”
Migration is a sensitive issue given the influx of more than a million migrants since mid-2015 and the conservatives' subsequent loss of support to the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) in September's national election.
A driver who swore at speed cameras by raising their middle finger as they passed them has been jailed for eight months.
Timothy Hill made the rude gestures three times as they were snapped by road safety surveillance in north-east England last December.
The 67-year-old had fitted their Range Rover with a device that told them when they were about to pass a camera.
It also jammed the roadside equipment's laser, preventing police from recording how fast they were travelling.
Officers said when they went to the company director's house to probe the incident, they threw the jamming device in the river at the back of their residence.
They were later interviewed and admitted fitting the device to their car, according to North Yorkshire Police.
Hill was charged with perverting the course of justice, which they pleaded guilty to when appearing at court.
They were sentenced at Teesside Crown Court on Monday, April 23, and given an eight-month prison sentence.
They were also banned from driving for a year.
The judge who jailed Hill said such actions “strike at the heart” of the justice system and their sentence must act as a deterrent to others, said police.
Constable Andrew Forth, who led the investigation for North Yorkshire Police, said: “If you want to attract our attention, repeatedly gesturing at police camera vans with your middle finger while you're driving a distinctive car fitted with a laser jammer is an excellent way to do it.
“It's also an excellent way to end up in prison. As Hill's case shows, perverting the course of justice is a very serious charge which carries a custodial sentence.
“It's our job to keep road users safe across all 6,000 miles of North Yorkshire's roads. Mobile safety camera vans are an important tool to do that – they are proven to reduce collisions and they help save lives.
“Drivers who fit laser jammers may mistakenly feel smug about ‘getting one over' on the police. But we can tell if motorists are using these devices, and we will always endeavour to bring them to justice.”
Credit: North Yorkshire Police
After losing narrowly to China, the Indian U-16 football team will now lock horns with Thailand on Thursday in the four-nation Hua Shan Cup CFA International Youth Football Tournament in Wei Nan City, China.
The invitational four-nation tournament is a part of an exposure tour for the young Indian team ahead of the upcoming AFC U-16 Finals slated to be held in Kuala Lumpur in September.
On Tuesday, India U-16 team went down fighting by a solitary goal to U-17 China national team and head coach Bibiano Fernandes said that the boys have been consistently creating chances in every match.
We have been consistently creating chances in every game we have played so far, even against top opposition, Fernandes said.
The match against China was no different as we had our chances and if we could convert those chances, it would've been a different result at the end of the day, they maintained.
The Indian boys have been on a series of exposure tours, all facilitated by the AIFF and the SAI and headed to Wei Nan on the back of two consecutive triumphs in invitational tournaments in Serbia and Hong Kong earlier.
Bibiano said the match against mighty China was “a learning experience for the U-16 boys” and gave “ample proof that the boys are improving both mentally and physically”.
The unity and togetherness within the team is our core strength. The boys always have stood by each other helping one other to collectively improve as a team and move forward, the coach said.
SACRAMENTO – Their shots clanked off the rim. Their passes sailed into their opponent's hands. And subsequently, the Warriors allowed a sub. 500 team to pull off a double-digit run.
So, Warriors coach Steve Kerr quickly called timeout. They gathered their players. And they tried to inject some passion.
The only problem: Kerr had to do this several times.
The Warriors eventually secured a 119-104 victory over the Sacramento Kings on Friday because of their star power with Kevin Durant (33 points), Stephen Curry (23), Klay Thompson (20) and Draymond Green (13). Even though the Warriors (41-11) may have satisfied the bottom-line result, they needed to hit a reset button multiple times amid sloppy play (25 turnovers, one shy of a season-worst 26 on Oct. 29 against Detroit), five ties and six lead changes.
“I did not do a good job of regrouping them,” Kerr said. “I tried to regroup them, but I never did regroup them. They won tonight on talent and shooting the ball. That's all.”
The main reason for the Warriors' inability to listen to Kerr?
“Our guys are dying to get to the All-Star break,” Kerr said. “We're limping to the finish line to the All-Star break. Btu we got to fight through the break and then get the hell away from each other and go sit on a beach and relax and then we'll be in great shape.”
There is only one problem. The NBA All-Star break is not until Feb. 15. The Warriors still have six more games to play, including on Saturday in Denver.
“We have to fight human nature a little bit. We know how important that post All-Star run is and coming back strong and refreshed,” Curry said. “But if we don't build the right habits and have the right spirit around our team heading going into the break. That could carry over. You don't want to have that negative energy out of the team.”
The Warriors had plenty of negative energy against the Kings.
Warriors reserve guard Patrick McCaw lost the ball as Kings guard Buddy Hield coasted for an easy layup to cut Golden State's lead to 89-86 with 8:06 left. On the next possession, Durant threw a lazy pass that Hield intercepted for an easy layup that chopped the Warriors' lead to 89-88 with 7:55 remaining. Kerr called timeout, and ultimately the Warriors went expanded their cushion with 97-88 with 6:13 left after securing a 9-0 run. The Warriors secured the game later on after and Nick Young made back-to-back 3-pointers for a 117-102 cushion with 1:26 remaining.
The Warriors did not play as dominated as the scoreboard indicated.
Granted, it did not help the Warriors' sloppiness coincided with various absences. Warriors veterans Andre Iguodala (rest), David West (rest) and Shaun Livingston (personal reasons) missed the game, while the Warriors ruled out rookie forward Jordan Bell for at least two more weeks amid continued inflammation in their left ankle.
So, perhaps the Warriors (41-11) solve their issues on Saturday in Denver with Iguodala and Livingston returning and West sitting to attend funeral services for their former NBA teammate Rasual Butler. Despite the Warriors' league-leading record, they have struggled throughout the season with fighting complacency and avoiding turnovers, entering Friday's game ranked 28th out of 30 NBA teams with 15.2 per game.
After losing by 30 points on Tuesday in Utah, the Warriors trailed the Kings, 20-7, with 6:03 left in the first quarter. In less than a six-minute span, Kerr had already called two timeouts amid the team's sluggishness. So Kerr told their players, “Let's push the reset button. Start over.”
“We have work to do to get to that break,” Curry said. “We have to find a way.”
CamelBak Floral Water Bottle
CamelBak Blue Lightning Bottle
Pogo Tritan Kids Water Bottle
Other Deals At Target
Editor's note: All deals and coupons were valid at the time this story was published. If you're reading this after they've expired, check our Facebook page or the deals section of our website for more ways to save! Between missing lids and bottles that get left in the car, I swear I'm always searching for water bottles. Luckily, Target is making it easy to stock up with a sale on CamelBak water bottles . If you've got kiddos going back to school this month, this would be a great time to grab a few back-up water bottles—you know how those things get left inside gym bags for weeks at a time. They've also got Pogo and Zulu water bottles on sale , too. Target doesn't say when this sale ends, but we're guessing these will get snapped up pretty quickly so it's best to act fact. It's also not clear whether you'll find these same deals in your local Target, so it's best to call ahead and ask. We found these dealsand you can get free shipping from Target on orders over $35.This CamelBak 20-ounce pink floral water bottle is marked down to just $10 right now (regularly $13.99).And if pink floral isn't your kid's style, check out this 20-ounce blue lightning water bottle , also on sale for $10.This Pogo Tritan kids water bottl e is on sale for $6.29.As always, Target has some other great deals going on now. This week, select women's shoes are buy one, gets one 50 percent . If you've been wanting to try out some of the latest trends (without breaking the bank), now's your chance! They're also having a sale on graphing calculators , so if you've got a high schooler or college student, you might want to check them out. Happy deal hunting!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Private companies given more chances to win NHS work
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PWR, PWR, PWR. Dreaded by all, relished by none, the tedium of Stanford's Program in Writing and Rhetoric is legendary. Our mandatory undergraduate writing program is thinly disguised liberal claptrap with few serious academic standards. Communicative skills form the foundation of a liberal arts education and are essential to the future career of any student, irrespective of their profession.When Stanford's Writing and Rhetoric program, designed to teach students those essential skills, is widely regarded as a joke, something needs to change.
PWR fails at its sole raison d'être — teaching academic writing skills. Couched under astonishingly broad titles like “The Rhetoric of Happiness” or “The Rhetoric of Success,” PWR classes equip students to write vague generalizations about the world and little else. Students are then told to go out and find something specific, as long as it's tangentially related to “happiness” or “success” (or whatever their class happens to be about), to write about, with little serious instruction about how this might be done.
Given that the vast majority of Stanford classes that involve writing focus on individual sources in a concentrated field of study, it's bizarre to us that PWR misses this entirely, going as broad as possible and eschewing the chance to show students what an actual humanities class might look like. But it's not just about the humanities; as Walter Isaacson argues in their book The Innovators, even in tech—maybe especially in tech—the ability to collaborate and communicate effectively is decisive. In order to innovate, it's not enough to just come up with big ideas—you also need to communicate them clearly.
Both of the authors of this piece, and many other students we talked to grinding their way through PWR, were told by their professors on multiple occasions to simply write, dive in, pick up a pen and let our hearts do the rest. While this might function as a restorative self-help exercise or therapy technique, it doesn't even remotely resemble actual academic writing. Of course, the asupervisorstioned vagueness of the topics offered doesn't help here; it's difficult to orient a tight, coherent learning experience around topics as broad as the PWR ones often are. But some consistent, rigorous source analysis would be a good start.
Many students arrive at Stanford with experience in citing sources and writing the kinds of academic papers that are expected in humanities classes. We see no reason that such students need be subjected to the existential ennui of a PWR classroom. Stanford allows students proficient in foreign languages, mathematics, and science to place into advanced classes. It should do the same for students who can form a sentence or two without consulting an app, and leave PWR for the students who think in Java. This would benefit both writers who are less experienced and might need more instruction when it comes to the basics of scholarly writing, and the more experienced writers who do not need to spend 10 weeks learning to construct a thesis.
It would be difficult to argue that every Stanford student is a highly skilled writer. Yet if you look at any one of the PWR courses' grade distributions, you will quickly note how incredibly well Stanford students perform. A cursory glance at Carta shows you that in most of the courses over 80% of students get grades in the A range while the remaining the students get somewhere in the B range. Maybe if you completely forget to turn in two of the three assignments you'll get a C+. PWR, then, is more an exercise in box-checking than in actual skill development. Students turn in something half-baked, get their A- from a young associate professor too terrified of a negative course review to grade it seriously, and feel vindicated that yes, they can write.
But, of course, the game would be up if PWR professors graded their students accurately. If, by the end of your 10-week class designed to teach you how to write, it turns out that you, well, still can't, then PWR itself has failed. So PWR becomes an elaborate charade: the professors pretend to teach you, you pretend to learn, and in exchange receive a pretend grade for your troubles.
Problems of rigor (or lack thereof) aside, PWR is also beset by political problems. When freshmen are presented with their options for the courses that fulfill the PWR requirement, they read through a catalog stocked with fluffy liberal buzzwords. Courses offered this quarter include “Academic Identity/ies: Culture and Politics in Higher Education,” “Body Rhetoric East and West: Gender, Sport, Art, and Medicine,” and “Rhetoric of Social Justice: Writing about Marginalization and Oppression.” This bias also presides in the events hosted by the PWR department. On January 17th an event was organized by the Program for Writing and Speaking that discussed the meaning of being a transitional Muslim academic in a “nonwhite existence.”
Let us be clear: we are not suggesting these are bad events or bad courses. It does seem inappropriate, though, that a first year writing program has such a flagrant political agenda. If ridding ourselves of this is too much to ask, Stanford should at least offer an alternative or two that lets students examine these issues through a conservative lens. If for every 10 “Rhetoric of Social Justice” or “Rhetoric of Activism” classes, they offered one, just one, “Rhetoric of Conservatism” (gasp), we'd be happy.
Even with all of its problems, PWR might soon have a larger role in some students' undergraduate experiences. At the most recent meeting of the the Undergraduate Senate, Academic Affairs Committee Chair Janique Lee '20 announced plans to meet with Adam Banks, professor in the Graduate School of Education and director of the Program in Writing and Rhetoric (PWR), to discuss a possible PWR minor.
Stanford has always been innovative in its academic offerings, but a PWR minor is ridiculous. PWR's own mission aims to give students “a solid foundation in a rhetorical approach to writing and speaking and with the critical research tools necessary for success in all their academic work.” PWR only exists so students have the necessary skills to explore and delve into whichever field might be of interest to them. The establishment of a major that studies “the rhetoric of being a good writer” doesn't seem to make much sense to us. Instead of creating a minor in PWR, the department should dedicate its resources to improving its current classes and making sure Stanford students develop the necessary skills to succeed in the rest of their courses and academic careers.
What, then, do we propose as an alternative to PWR? It is too much to ask more seasoned humanities professors to teach these classes — we know that a young Russell Berman or Sepp Gumbrecht wasn't exactly dreaming of teaching first-year writing when they went into academia. But perhaps a few of these wise old professors could come together and design a class, more standardized and uniform than PWR, that could be taught by the young postdocs and assistant professors who currently comprise the PWR faculty. Such a class would be rigorous, free of the overtly political rubbish that PWR professors are liable to come up with on their own, and designed by professors who know what good academic writing is all about. We imagine it as a source-based class, wherein students analyze different texts each week focused around a certain area. Something of this kind might just turn PWR from a joke into a serious learning exercise.
But whatever it is that the faculty come up with, PWR cannot stand. On this, Stanford students can agree.
Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tension in recent months.
U.S. President Donald Trump warned at the weekend that the U.S. military was “locked and loaded” if North Korea acted unwisely after threatening last week to land missiles near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
“There must be no more war on the Korean peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear situation must be resolved peacefully,” South Korean President Moon Jae-in told a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers.
“I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours,” they said.
While backing Trump's tough talk, U.S. officials including National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster played down the risk on Sunday of the rhetoric escalating into conflict.
“I think we're not closer to war than a week ago, but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago,” McMaster told ABC News' “This Week”.
U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un might conduct another missile test but talk of being on the cusp of a nuclear war was overstating the risk.
“I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today,” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday”.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in a commentary in the Wall Street Journal the United States was adopting a policy of “strategic accountability” towards North Korea, and was applying diplomatic and economic pressure “to achieve the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a dismantling of the regime's ballistic-missile programs”.
“While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options,” they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A number of families saw in the new year with a double celebration as they welcomed new arrivals.
As many people slept off hangovers or tried to keep dry on New Year's Day there were some families who started the new year with a special delivery at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading.
Our photographer Alanna Harmsworth met some of the parents who had babies at the hospital when they visited on Tuesday, January 2.
Lisa Manston and Martin Rumens, from Newbury, welcomed Poppy into the world at 12.59pm.
They weighed 8lb 8oz.
James was born to parents Nadine Warren and Richard Lane, from Reading , at 4.17pm, weighing 8lb.
Stephen and Lauren White had their New Year's Eve plans cut short after mum Lauren started having contractions.
(Photo: Get Reading)
Their daughter Grace was born at 5.21pm on New Year's Day and weighed 8lb 1oz.
First-time mum Lauren said: "I went into labour on New Year's Eve so it did scupper my husband's plans for the evening a little bit.
"She is absolutely perfect and to have them on New Year's Day was really lovely."
George Yu arrived at 9.49pm to parents Wei Teng Yu and Lin Luo, from Reading. They weighed 6lb 1oz.
Northwest Colorado Health's annual Hospice Daffodils fundraiser will be March 14. Daffodils can be ordered online at northwestcoloradohealth.org/daffodils. Delivery is available for orders of 10 bunches or more; deliveries will occur March 13 and 14. Daffodil orders also can be picked up at Northwest Colorado Health, 940 Central Park Drive, Suite 101. Daffodils are $5 for per bunch, $24 for five bunches and $46 for 10 bunches. Proceeds help ensure Northwest Colorado Health can continue …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
BROOKFIELD, CT--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) -
First quarter sales were $109.8 million, up 2% sequentially on improved IC sales
Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders was $1.9 million ($0.03 per diluted share)
Net cash 1 improved to $264 million, providing additional financial strength and flexibility to fund growth
improved to $264 million, providing additional financial strength and flexibility to fund growth Plan to break ground on new, state-of-the-art IC photomask facility in China by the end of February
Second quarter 2017 guidance: sales between $105 and $115 million; diluted EPS between $0.01 and $0.07
Photronics, Inc. ( NASDAQ : PLAB), a worldwide leader in supplying innovative imaging technology solutions for the global electronics industry, today reported financial results for fiscal 2017 first quarter ended January 29, 2017.
First quarter sales were $109.8 million, up 2% sequentially and down 15% compared with last year. Sales of integrated circuits (IC) photomasks were $86.4 million, an improvement of 5% sequentially and down 13% compared with last year, while sales of flat panel display (FPD) photomasks were $23.4 million, down 7% sequentially and 23% compared with last year.
Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders was $1.9 million ($0.03 per diluted share), compared with $21.0 million ($0.28 per diluted share), for the first quarter of 2016, which included a non-recurring net gain of $8.8 million ($0.11 per diluted share); and $5.3 million ($0.08 per diluted share) for the fourth quarter of 2016, which included a non-recurring tax benefit of $1.8 million ($0.03 per diluted share).
"We achieved improved sales compared with the fourth quarter of 2016 as an increase in IC sales was partially offset by lower FPD demand," said Peter Kirlin, chief executive officer. "IC sales were up, despite seasonal headwinds. FPD was lower than growth in high-end was more than offset by a decline in mainstream as customers focused on supporting current production, which limited new product releases. With the top line improvement, we achieved higher operating income and cash from operations through continued cost management and financial discipline. Progress continues on our two strategic investments this year, with groundbreaking scheduled to take place for our China IC facility by the end of February, and we expect to receive new FPD tools soon, with the installation to begin in the third quarter."
Second Quarter 2017 Guidance
Kirlin continued, "Looking ahead to the second quarter, we anticipate improved mainstream IC sales, mixed results in high-end IC, and flat FPD revenues, with orders for new AMOLED displays ramping at quarter end." For the second quarter of 2017, Photronics expects revenues to be between $105 million and $115 million and net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders to be between $0.01 and $0.07 per diluted share.
Conference Call
A conference call with investors and the media to discuss these results is scheduled for 8:30 a.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, February 15, 2017. The call can be accessed by logging onto Photronics' web site at www.photronics.com. The live dial-in number is (877) 377-7095 or (408) 774-4601 outside of the United States and Canada. The call will be archived on Photronics' web site for instant replay access.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Non-GAAP net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders, non-GAAP earnings per share, and non-GAAP EBITDA are "non-GAAP financial measures" as such term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The attached financial supplement reconciles Photronics, Inc.'s financial results under GAAP to non-GAAP financial information. Photronics, Inc. believes these non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain non-cash or non-recurring income or expense items are useful for analysts and investors to evaluate Photronics, Inc.'s future on-going performance because they enable a more meaningful comparison of Photronics, Inc.'s projected earnings and performance with its historical results of prior periods. These non-GAAP metrics are not intended to represent funds available for Photronics, Inc.'s discretionary use and are not intended to represent, or be used as a substitute for, operating income, net income or cash flows from operations data as measured under GAAP. The items excluded from these non-GAAP metrics, but included in the calculation of their closest GAAP equivalent, are significant components of the condensed consolidated statements of income and must be considered in performing a comprehensive assessment of overall financial performance. Non-GAAP financial information is adjusted for the following items:
Non-recurring tax benefit in fiscal 2016 related to the recognition of certain tax benefits in Taiwan that were determined to be realizable in filings for future tax periods
Non-recurring net gain on sale of investment in fiscal 2016
Interest expense, income tax expense/(benefit), depreciation and amortization, and other items are added to GAAP net income to derive non-GAAP EBITDA
Note:
1. Net cash defined as cash and cash equivalents less long-term borrowings (including current portion), as reported in accordance with GAAP.
About Photronics
Photronics is a leading worldwide manufacturer of photomasks. Photomasks are high precision quartz plates that contain microscopic images of electronic circuits. A key element in the manufacture of semiconductors and flat panel displays, photomasks are used to transfer circuit patterns onto semiconductor wafers and flat panel substrates during the fabrication of integrated circuits, a variety of flat panel displays and, to a lesser extent, other types of electrical and optical components. They are produced in accordance with product designs provided by customers at strategically located manufacturing facilities in Asia, Europe, and North America. Additional information on the Company can be accessed at www.photronics.com
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Photronics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company). The forward-looking statements contained in this press release and other parts of Photronics' web site involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the Company's operations, markets, products, services, prices, and other factors. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, competitive, legal, governmental, and technological factors as well as decisions we may make in the future regarding our business, capital structure and other matters. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "plans", "projects", and similar expressions. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the Company's expectations will be realized. For a fuller discussion of the factors that may affect the Company's operations, see "Forward Looking Statements" in the Company's Quarterly and Annual Reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-Q and 10-K. The Company assumes no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements.
PHOTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended January 29, October 30, January 31, 2017 2016 2016 Net sales $ 109,831 $ 107,368 $ 129,956 Costs and expenses: Cost of sales (86,832 ) (86,835 ) (94,520 ) Gross profit 22,999 20,533 35,436 Selling, general and administrative (10,871 ) (10,191 ) (12,198 ) Research and development (3,485 ) (5,041 ) (5,700 ) Operating income 8,643 5,301 17,538 Gain on sale of investment - - 8,785 Other income (expense), net (2,083 ) (69 ) 878 Income before income taxes 6,560 5,232 27,201 Income tax provision (2,050 ) 1,337 (3,700 ) Net income 4,510 6,569 23,501 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (2,564 ) (1,313 ) (2,499 ) Net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders $ 1,946 $ 5,256 $ 21,002 Earnings per share: Basic $ 0.03 $ 0.08 $ 0.31 Diluted $ 0.03 $ 0.08 $ 0.28 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 68,176 68,025 66,807 Diluted 69,169 68,906 79,136
PHOTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands) (Unaudited) January 29, October 30, 2017 2016 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 329,696 $ 314,074 Accounts receivable 86,025 92,636 Inventories 23,573 22,081 Other current assets 11,244 12,795 Total current assets 450,538 441,586 Property, plant and equipment, net 496,676 506,434 Intangible assets, net 20,094 19,854 Other assets 20,160 20,114 Total assets $ 987,468 $ 987,988 Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term borrowings $ 5,465 $ 5,428 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 69,872 75,889 Total current liabilities 75,337 81,317 Long-term borrowings 60,508 61,860 Other liabilities 20,215 19,337 Photronics, Inc. shareholders' equity 712,476 710,363 Noncontrolling interests 118,932 115,111 Total equity 831,408 825,474 Total liabilities and equity $ 987,468 $ 987,988
PHOTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended January 29, January 31, 2017 2016 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 4,510 $ 23,501 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 20,965 20,628 Gain on sale of investment - (8,785 ) Changes in assets, liabilities and other 6,064 8,044 Net cash provided by operating activities 31,539 43,388 Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment (9,600 ) (21,539 ) Acquisition of Business (5,400 ) - Proceeds from sale of investments - 8,785 Other (396 ) 193 Net cash used in investing activities (15,396 ) (12,561 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments of long-term borrowings (1,343 ) (2,437 ) Proceeds from share-based arrangements 1,113 2,063 Other (16 ) - Net cash used in financing activities (246 ) (374 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (275 ) (4,876 ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 15,622 25,577 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 314,074 205,867 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 329,696 $ 231,444
PHOTRONICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Information (in thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended January 29, October 30, January 31, 2017 2016 2016 Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Net Income Attributable to Photronics, Inc. Shareholders and EPS data GAAP net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders $ 1,946 $ 5,256 $ 21,002 Income tax expense/(benefit) (a) - (1,834 ) - Gain on sale of investment, net of tax (b) - - (8,753 ) Non-GAAP net income attributable to Photronics, Inc. shareholders $ 1,946 $ 3,422 $ 12,249 Weighted average number of diluted shares outstanding GAAP 69,169 68,906 79,136 Non-GAAP 69,169 68,906 79,136 Net income per diluted share GAAP $ 0.03 $ 0.08 $ 0.28 Non-GAAP $ 0.03 $ 0.05 $ 0.17 Reconciliation of GAAP Net Income to Non-GAAP EBITDA GAAP Net Income (c) $ 4,510 $ 6,569 $ 23,501 Interest expense 559 616 1,174 Income tax expense/(benefit) 2,050 (1,337 ) 3,700 Depreciation and amortization 20,896 22,304 20,457 Other items (d) 937 980 897 Non-GAAP EBITDA $ 28,952 $ 29,132 $ 49,729
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"You have been chosen!"
Those were the words whispered to me as I had mud smeared on my face and a band of flowers placed on my head.
Weird enough at the best of times, even stranger when you are surrounded by a mysterious group of villagers in the woods who are welcoming you into their fold and urging you to join them.
And with that I was led into the darkness to re-connect with the earth and its elements, to be part of The Welcoming.
Yes, it's Scarefest time once again at Alton Towers and I was about to enter the latest scare maze at the park 'The Welcoming'.
What a welcome it turned out to be as I was thrust into the middle of what appeared to be the strangest and most sinister of folk festivals.
What had started out with simple folk rubbing dirt in my face and decorating me with petals, quickly became something more sinister.
The village wasn't the quaint little place I had hoped for.
Instead I was surrounded by fire, murder and ancient rituals.
All kinds of ghastly creatures jumping out from all angles high and low.
There was dismemberment, jump out of your skin frights, and nothing at all pleasant.
Even more so when I had a sack placed on my head and was told to walk.
In total darkness I had people grabbing my legs, stroking my face, grunting and whispering disturbing things in my ear.
They also covered me in soil.
All to the strains of eerie music and wailing and screaming.
The ending, well, that was something else indeed!
In all my time covering scare mazes at Alton Towers, this was perhaps the best themed maze I have been in.
The setting was spectacular, the props and decoration were suitably atmospheric, and the characters and storyline had been very well thought out.
Terrifying stuff it has to be said and not to be missed if you like your frights.
The maze is actually a little more significant than it may first appear, it is actually a prequel teaser for the SW8 rollercoaster heading to the resort in 2018.
A quick glance at the wooden framework that is currently being constructed is a clear sign that something really big is afoot.
It will be very interesting to see how this plays out against the maze and the themes seen here.
Our scare score: 9/10 - An outdoor maze with a terrifying hooded section
So, what else is new at Scarefest?
Altonville Mine Tours: Uncover the legend of the skin snatchers (15+)
Not new, but a new layout and ending.
Last year's terrifying addition to the Scarefest line-up may have been based around skin snatchers, but it was my skin that was crawling by the end of it.
This year it is still having been tweaked and has a longer layout which means even more terror for unsuspecting guests.
Think Texas Chainsaw Massacre underground and you aren't far off. Set in the bowels of a dark and claustrophobic mine, this is terror at its most extreme.
The maze picked up industry awards last year and it isn't hard to understand why. It's a well thought out piece of live theatre and one that genuinely has you on edge from the first moment you line up.
Before you even encounter any of the inhabitants you have to face your own fears as your mind plays tricks with you in the enveloping darkness.
The fact that you are armed only with a miner's helmet makes it even more eerie.
And then... well then you meet the hillbilly residents.
Be warned though, this is the most extreme maze that has been at the resort to date.
You might get a few hands on you!
Our scare score: 9/10 - Truly terrifying, some gruesome costumes and make-up in this maze
Sub Species: The End Games (15+)
If crawling around in pitch black tunnels with post-apocalyptic mutants grabbing at your feet is your idea of fun, this is the madness for you.
Down in the sewers, you are more or less the rat, and you are being hunted.
It's not a nice feeling, yet strangely it manages to be some sort of sadistic fun.
Again, there is a slightly altered course and a few tweaks and all the stops have been pulled out to make this a really atmospheric experience.
A word of warning... look out for the chainsaw.
I'm yet to see anyone fail to run.
This is another maze that won an industry award for Scare Maze Of The Year, it's well worth a visit, it might be the last chance.
Our scare score: 8/10 - Claustrophobic frights and fearful fun
Freak Show: Scare Zone
Clowns are sinister. I knew that before I watched IT. Now I am sure of it.
In this walk through zone you get to experience the fun of the fair, but not your average one.
This travelling freak show has set up camp in the Alton Towers grounds and await your presence with much enthusiasm.
Walking through the garish freak show was a real treat, even with the bearded lady and friends trying to scare you out of your wits.
You get to rub shoulders with the freakishly fascinating misfits and the truth is it is all very weird.
These are fun frights rather than sheer spine-tingling horror, it did however have some kids dashing for the ‘chicken run' down the side.
There is something quite unique and fun about the actors roaming around open areas and it works well.
Our scare score: 6/10 - Colourful fun and well worth a walk through
Terror Of The Towers (12+)
The old favourite that first appeared in 2002 is back once again and still going strong.
Set deep in the deepest bowels of the park's historic towers, it is a spectacular setting and actually feels like quite a privilege to be walking around the old ruins.
Until you meet the residents, and then you don't feel so lucky.
Cue lots of very sinister whisperings in your ear about what is in store for you when you meet the 'masters'.
The friendly folk in question just happen to be demonic monks waiting patiently for you to arrive to meet your fate.
Throw in some hugely disorientating strobe lighting, cages, pulsating music and plenty of twists and turns, and you will be in for the scare of your life.
Our scare score: 7.5/10 - First-timers will be in for a real scare, for the rest of us, it is still fun and the ending never fails to get you walking on your toes with your head down
House of Monsters (Family scare maze)
House of Monsters is the first family scare maze the park have launched.
Last year it was a huge hit and gave families the opportunity to join an up and coming online vlogger who turned into somewhat of a new-age monster hunter.
It's a modern-day quest to discover the truth about monsters and their trail has led them to what is believed to be a disused house. But is it a case of mistaken identity or has they really discovered a group of 21st century ghouls?
They haven't the nerves to go alone so has asked their online followers to join them on a daring mission to the supposedly abandoned house.
Will you join them on the mission, what will you find? Will you discover that Monsters have a good side too?
Mild thrills guaranteed for all the family.
It's a great starter maze for children and the interactive elements to the maze make it a real crowd pleaser.
It has been ramped up a little bit this year.
I will be honest, I jumped a few times.
(£5 extra charge)
Our scare score: 5/10 - A really well designed and executed family attraction that manages to keep an appeal for everyone.
Rides in the dark
For many, Scarefest is a real treat in the sense that you get to ride in the dark.
Rollercoaster enthusiasts love riding the front of a coaster, but they also love the whip of riding on the back carriage, just like some fans of Nemesis insist on taking their shoes and socks off to feel the wind in their feet.
The real buzz for any coaster fan though is to ride in the dark, that's a big attraction with this event and fans flock to the resort's biggest steel beasts to get their thrills until 9pm.
It's a different experience entirely riding them in the dark and if you have never done it, add it to your bucket-list.
I loved hurtling around on Nemesis in the pitch black, it's still my favourite coaster and it takes on a world of its own in the darkness.
Is there anything for families who don't want to be petrified?
Yes, aside from the extreme frights and bumps in the night, Scarefest is a lot of fun for younger guests.
There are friendly characters all around the resort throughout the event and the decorations around the theme park and the hotels are fantastic.
Here's a look at some of the family friendly special events...
Alton Ancestors
The popular Alton Ancesters are back to greet guests and mingle with visitors throughout the park, a zany bunch of friendly ghosts from Alton Towers of old. Expect some very neat dance flashmobs.
The Freaky Four
Phil The Ghoul, Skelvin The Skeleton, Patch The Pumpkin and Phil (basically Frankenstein) are Scarefest regulars and pose for hundreds of pictures daily with people of all ages.
They also host a number of events between them - Skelvin's Spooky Storytime, Phil & Franklyn's Ghoul School, and Patch's Trick-Or-Treat Party.
Hints, tips and good advice
Scare zones do open just before it gets dark, you are best to wait until just after dark for the full effect.
CBeebies Land and the children's areas will most likely get quieter as the day goes on but should be fairly quiet anyway.
Scare mazes are a little different, these open earlier in the day, you may want to head for these first because the later it gets, the busier it gets. Queuing in the dark does seem to add to the suspense though.
Look out for spookily themed menus and cocktails in the hotels.
When walking around the scare mazes make sure you hang on to the person in front, it's safer and you will be less scared
If you fancy a change of pace you can enjoy a very good SeaLife attraction called Sharkbait Reef.
The Skyride is always worth a trip to save your legs and some time
When is it?
This year's Scarefest will take place on October 7 - 8, 14 - 15, 20 - 31 2017.
The official line
“Scare Mazes, Theme Park open until 9pm for Rides in the Dark & a travelling circus of roaming characters. Scarefest is back and has more spine-tingling terrors than ever before. Our 3 multi award winning scare mazes have been re-scarified for this year and we are adding another NEW maze to the line up! Dare you join us for our most terrifying year yet?”
How much does it cost?
There are various pricing options an online saver one day ticket will cost adults and children over 12 £32 with the best online price being five days in advance of a visit. This does not include entry to mazes.
On the day it will cost £54.
If you already have an entrance ticket you can pay for an extra ticket to go to three scare mazes which will cost £20 online in advance or £24 on the day.
If you want to enter the theme park and three scare mazes it will cost £50 for adults and children over 12 online and on the day £78.
Full ticket options here
We also had a makeover during our recent visit!
Watch: We get a Scarefest makeover at Alton Towers
What is the parking situation?
Car parking costs £6 for the full day. Guests staying in the resort's hotels can park in the accommodation car park free of charge.
Can I get there by public transport?
The three closest train stations are Stoke-on-Trent, Uttoxeter and Derby. A bus service will need to be used for the rest of the journey.
Visit thetrainline.com to search for train times and prices.
Previous reviews
See below for a review of last year's event
Reviewed: Alton Towers Scarefest 2016 - the complete lowdown and verdict on the scare mazes and family attractions
2015
REVIEW: Alton Towers Scarefest 2015 - hooded hauntings, sewer scares and lots of fiendish family fun
2014
Review: Alton Towers Resort - Scarefest 2014 and The Ultimate Sleepover
2013
Spooked by the Smiler at Alton Towers Scarefest
2012
Alton Towers Scarefest is fun for all the family
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Did you get your tickets to the inaugural Decibel Metal and Beer Fest THIS WEEKEND at the Fillmore Philadelphia? Featuring headlining sets from stoner/doom legends Sleep and grindcore masters Agoraphobic Nosebleed plus an appearance by Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine on Saturday, there's something for everyone at the festival.
“Metal & Beer” tickets are officially sold out but don't despair— one-day general admission tickets are just $35, and the entire weekend just $65!
Check out the full lineups for each day below and get your tickets here.
SATURDAY:
Agoraphobic Nosebleed
Municipal Waste
Immolation
Panopticon
Krieg
Crypt Sermon
(Special appearance by Dave Mustaine)
SUNDAY:
Sleep
Pig Destroyer
Withered
Khemmis
Falls of Rauros
Cemetery Piss
Texas A&M wide receiver Ricky Seals-Jones (9) and UCLA's defensive back Randall Goforth (3) go far a ball thrown in the end zone during the third quarter of an NCAA college football game Saturday, Sept. 3, 2016, in College Station, Texas. (AP Photo/Sam Craft)
Ricky Seals-Jones, WR
Physical: 6-foot-5, 246 pounds
Projected round: 6-7
Eric Dickerson recently said their cousin, Ricky Seals-Jones, possesses Hall of Fame talent. All signs point in the exact opposite direction. Seals-Jones is too slow and lacks other important qualities an NFL wide receiver needs. The right fit for them would be at tight end, but that requires Seals-Jones to add a few pounds and adjust to a completely different position.
NFL combine results:
40-yard dash: 4.69 seconds
Vertical: 28 inches
225-pound bench press: 17 reps
Broad jump: 10'1"
3-cone drill: 7.46 seconds
Shuttle: 4.33 seconds
60-yard shuttle: 11.85 seconds
Mock drafts:
Bleacher Report's Matt Miller almost predicted Ricky Seals-Jones to become this year's Mr. Irrelevant, as the receiver is ahead of their last pick by just three spots.
What they are saying:
Lance Zierlein, NFL.com: Seals-Jones failed to live up to their "five-star" rating out of high school thanks to a lack of speed and separation quickness that was exposed in the speedy SEC. Separation on the next level will get even tougher and many teams see them as a tight end who may have to add weight and prove they can get after people as an in-line blocker to make an NFL roster.
Pro Football Focus: Their exceptional frame and ability to become a dangerous red-zone target makes Seals-Jones an intriguing target. However, they will probably need to sit and learn initially as they will have to take better advantage of their physical tools and improve their route-running to help them separate from defenders.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office's yellow warning for snow-hit Birmingham ends at 11am on Tuesday - despite the city being in the grip of a Big Freeze.
Temperatures fell to as low as -6C overnight, but felt as low as -9C with the bitter winds blowing in.
But with rain expected later today which could melt the snow away, the Met Office is set to lift the Yellow Weather Warning at 11am.
(Image: Graham Young)
The decision comes after 96 hours of snow chaos, with brought gridlock to the city and the West Midlands.
The first flurries fell on Friday, but Birmingham and the region woke to a complete whiteout on Sunday.
The heavy snow saw most schools shut across the city and West Midlands on Monday, with many expected to remain closed today.
Buses were also cancelled across the region on Sunday, although some resumed on Monday.
(Image: Audrius Grubliauskas)
Birmingham Airport flights were suspended on Sunday and delays are expected to continue today. Car parks are still snowbound and passengers are being urged to allow extra time.
Today will be a freezing start, with temperatures remaining as low as -6C until 9am when the thermometer will creep just above zero.
West Midlands Fire Service has issued a warning to motorists to tale extra care, as well as pedestrians as roads and paths are iced over.
But there is some relief in sigh as RAIN is forecast to fall from 6pm on Tuesday, turning heavier later in the night - which could wash much of the snow away.
By Bashir Bello
KATSINA— TRAGEDY struck, last weekend, as mysterious epidemic hit Government Science Secondary School in Kurfi Local Government Area of Katsina State and claimed lives of eight students.
The development was said to have forced the school to shut down indefinitely as students were sent home.
Member representing Kurfi Constituency at Katsina State House of Assembly, Kabir Lawal, made the revelation on the floor of the House , yesterday.
Lawal, however, called for swift action in the matter they described as very urgent.
“The epidemic has now forced the school authority to close the school and send students back home,” Lawal said.
In the meantime, Speaker of the House, Abubakar Kusada, has directed the House Committees on Education and that of Health to “conduct a thorough investigation” on the incident and report back to the House.
Meanwhile, two other lawmakers from Kafur and Dutsinma Constituencies, Garba Useini and Bishir Mamman respectively said they experienced similar case in their constituencies but could not give the number of casualties.
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald Trump's presidential campaign, reportedly used the data of 50 million Facebook users without their permission. (Published 46 minutes ago)
Facebook shares tumbled Monday following reports that user data had been inappropriately obtained. Cambridge Analytica, whose clients included Donald... See More
Early this morning about 6am West Coast time, Trey Songz turned themselves into the LAPD with their lawyer present, on those felony domestic violence charges. According to TMZ, the singer posted a $50,000 bond and was released about 2 hours later.
Mr. Steal Yo Girl is being accused of hitting Andrea Buera at a Hollywood Hills party during All-Star weekend back in February. They say they were upset they were talking to another man.
Trey has mostly been silent about the accusations but released this statement.
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31, 2020. The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films. Shamshera, also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist, is set to go on the floors by the end of this year, according to the production house.
The project marks Ranbir's return to YRF after a gap of nine years. Their last project with the banner was "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year". This will be Vaani's third film with the production house, after their debut "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Befikre" (2016). The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019.
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him. "Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku', but a filmbased in the 1800s, it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British. There was a great story of heroism, a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then," Ranbir told PTI.
"It is a departure from the kind of films I have done, it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often. 'Shamshera' is in the aspirational space, the space of true, badass commercial cinema."
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story, says the actor. "A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy, action, romance drama. And all these films I am doing are all in that direction, we are trying to have all these factors in it."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
"If you really think about it, if (the Department of Family and Protective Services) would have never taken us away, that would have been my brother," Victoria Nunez said.
Victoria Nunez shared those terrifying details of their childhood with Jordan over a video conference with KOB, saying Ferguson was extremely strict with them.
"We had a lot of puppies and my dad would try to sell them and they would make my brother clean out the poop and stuff, and there were a couple times whenever they would clean it they wouldn't clean it right," they said. "And my dad would make them sit in there, even overnight, until it was clean."
That was a decade ago.
Victoria Nunez said they were 8 years old when police showed up and took the siblings away.
"I don't really look at them as my father," they said. "I mean, they never really was a dad to me. They didn't raise me. They didn't take care of me. They would hit my mom. They would abuse us. How can I call that my dad? How can I call them my father?"
A few months ago, they said, their brother moved in with their father to find out; to give them a chance.
"He wanted to find out who their dad was, stuff like that. Wanted to see if he'd changed. And they didn't change at all," Victoria Nunez said.
Now the 19-year-old Jordan is also facing child abuse charges, after police say they played a part in torturing Jeremiah to the point where the abuse was "astronomical and sometimes done for no apparent reason," according to an arrest warrant affidavit.
On Friday they called their sister from jail, crying and insisting they had no part. They also claimed, according to her, that their father had a gun pointed at their head.
"(Saying) that Tommy made them do it, that they don't know what to do and that they hurt them because he's a little boy," Victoria Nunez said. "And they couldn't speak, and they couldn't defend (Jeremiah)."
Plans are underway for the North Bay's new commuter rail system to be outfitted with as many as 200 bicycles for use by SMART riders getting to and from stations and their final destinations.
A joint proposal by Sonoma and Marin counties netted more than $800,000 in grant funding last month from the Metropolitan Transportation Commission. Once the money is disbursed, it will help launch the first large-scale, taxpayer-funded bike share program in the region — at train stops in Santa Rosa, Rohnert Park, Cotati and Petaluma, as well as Novato, San Rafael and the eventual Larkspur station nowcurrently under construction.
The financial boost comes as SMART, now into its fourth month of operation between Santa Rosa and San Rafael, faces an unexpected surge in riders bringing their bikes aboard, straining space on some trains. The bike share program, which if everything goes smoothly will be ready in mid-2019, could help ease that crunch, according to local transportation planners.
“The direction that we're looking at is really to add another first- and last-mile solution between SMART and nearby destinations,” said Dana Turrey, a planner with the Sonoma County Transportation Authority. “There's been a larger number of bicycles trying to get on the trains than was expected, so we're really seeing this as another way to get back and forth to and from the train and on short trips without using a car.”
On average through its first month of service, passengers brought as many as 300 bikes aboard SMART trains every weekday, while fewer than 100 made the trip on Saturdays or Sundays. SMART officials expected the opposite — more bike riders on weekends than weekdays. That dynamic has only bolstered the regional transportation authority's prior plans to develop a bike share program that could free up space on trains if riders left their bikes at home and instead borrowed a loaner at the station.
The Sonoma County Transportation Authority also looks to make good on an updated comprehensive plan it adopted last year that aims to hit greenhouse gas emission reduction goals by keeping more vehicles off the roads. The convenience of the bike share program for SMART riders is a nice side benefit, Turrey said.
In October, Santa Cruz announced a 250-bike, GPS-enabled fleet will be rolled out in March similar to the popular programs that already exist in San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose. Healdsburg, which is set to get its own SMART station as part of the railway's planned expansion in the coming years, became the first city in Sonoma County to create a short-term public rental system when it signed off on a $54,000, 30-bike network in July.
Sonoma County representatives welcomed the MTC grant and look forward to a day when the bike share program will offer another transit option for SMART riders.
“Santa Rosa has a bicycling culture and people are used to riding bikes to get from one place to another, and this will just enhance that,” said Mayor Chris Coursey, a SCTA board member and former SMART spokesperson. “We understand not everybody is going from one station to another, and for that last mile at the end of the trip people need to have other transportation, whether it's feet, bus or bike.”
Initially, the program was intended to start in late 2018, at the earliest. Key details are still to be determined, including whether it will be a point-to-point or freestanding system and if there will be a rental fee.
In 1980, David Bowie was in the middle of a new kind of transformation. After launching themselves to stardom in 1969 with their first hit single, "Space Oddity," they spent a decade morphing from Major Tom to Ziggy Stardust to Aladdin Sane to Halloween Jack to The Thin White Duke — a series of characters that also emblemized radically different approaches to rock music, from sci-fi glam to stark experimentalism. By the end of the '70s, however, they dispensed with such alter egos. Instead, they absorbed them all into a single if mercurial persona, one known simply as David Bowie. And that persona hinged on "Ashes To Ashes."
Their 1979 album, Lodger, wrapped up a groundbreaking, three-album collaboration with Brian Eno that had yielded their most acclaimed work to date, including the full-lengths Low and "Heroes." But the final installment of this Berlin Trilogy also exhausted Bowie and Eno's partnership. Lodger, as excellent as it was, felt anticlimactic. At the end of the year, they recorded a new version of "Space Oddity" for British television, and it was an eerie resurrection of the character that had put them on the map: Major Tom, the lost astronaut cast adrift in space, an existentialist casualty of humankind's quest to conquer the heavens. For the restlessly forward-looking Bowie, this reprise of "Space Oddity" seemed tainted with an odd nostalgia, and it felt like a loop being closed. On top of it all, Bowie separated from their wife of ten years, Angela, with their divorce set to be finalized in February of 1980.
They began the new decade with their blankest slate since their pre-fame days in the '60s. But after owning and defining the '70s, what was Bowie to do in the uncharted waters of a new decade, especially when it had become predictable for them to reinvent himself? Enlisting their longtime friend and producer Tony Visconti, they responded with Scary Monsters (And Super Creeps). Recorded in New York and London throughout early 1980, the album took the sprawling innovation of The Berlin Trilogy and whittled it down into more digestible, if no less challenging, pop songs. "Ashes To Ashes" was the lead single. It also marked the return of Major Tom. The new song, released in August of 1980, was the sequel to "Space Oddity," something Bowie blatantly made clear in the opening verse: "Do you remember a guy that's been / In such an early song? / I've heard a rumor from Ground Control / Oh no, don't say it's true." Eleven years had passed since "Space Oddity." In that time, much had changed for Major Tom, as it had for Bowie. Left to decay in space, he'd grown paranoid and addicted to drugs: "Strung out in heaven's high / Hitting an all-time low."
For Bowie, "Ashes To Ashes" was anything but a low. It became their second number-one single in the U.K. Theirs first had been, funnily enough, a reissue of "Space Oddity" in 1975. To capitalize on this, Bowie's label, RCA Records, released a promotional single in 1980 titled "The Continuing Story of Major Tom." On it, "Space Oddity" was mixed smoothly into "Ashes to Ashes," creating a nine-minute epic. The end of the first song meshed uncannily with the start of the second: The lonely beeping at the conclusion of "Space Oddity" bled into the high-pitched, pizzicato-like melody at the beginning of "Ashes to Ashes." It was as if that had been Bowie's intention all along.
At the same time, the mix dramatically demonstrated just how far he'd progressed in the '70s. Their voice was now deeper and more profound. The music was jagged, jarring, and richly textured in a completely different way than "Space Oddity" had been. Rather than psychedelically spacious, it carried a sterile air of computers, androids and off-kilter motorization. Guitarist Chuck Hammer conveyed this feeling with layers of synthesized guitar. Flangers gave a grand piano an alien quality. Dennis Davis' drums were disorienting yet mathematical, a funk beat from another dimension.
In the booklet that accompanies the new Bowie box set A New Career In A New Town (1977-1982), Visconti calls the song's rhythm "a mind-bender. Your brain tells you this isn't supposed to work." In The Complete David Bowie by Nicholas Pegg, Bowie said that Davis "had in incredibly hard time with it, trying to play it and turn the beat backwards." No one, though, had a harder time in "Ashes To Ashes" than Major Tom. Voiced by Bowie, they run through a litany of memories, regrets, and hallucinations, along with a desperate desire to get better: "I'm hoping to kick / But the planet is glowing." They wish to free their caged psyche as well as their exiled body: "Want an axe to break the ice / Wanna come down right now."
Most poignant of all is the song's indelible bridge, in which Bowie laments, "I have never done good things / I have never done bad things / I never did anything out of the blue." The spacesuit drops away, and Bowie themselves stands there, naked and afraid. "Those three particular lines represent a continuing, returning feeling of inadequacy over what I've done," they said in Peter Doggett's book The Man Who Sold The World. "I have a lot of reservations about what I've done, inasmuch as I don't feel much of it has any import at all." It was a rare and mature show of vulnerability in someone who, for so long, had cloaked themselves in concept and costume.
David Mallet, who had directed the video clip of Bowie's 1979 version of "Space Oddity," was asked to helm the video for "Ashes To Ashes." At the time it was the most expensive pop video ever, shot a year before MTV launched in 1981 and proving that music videos were viable promotional investments. It aided immensely in the song's popularity, despite being as edgy and jarring as the song itself. Mallet used the new computer graphics workstation Paintbox to radically alter the color palette of the short film, rendering the sky black and the ocean pink. Bowie alternates between portraying a clown, an astronaut, and the inmate of an insane asylum — paralleling the many roles he'd played in their career.
In their book David Bowie: A Life, Dylan Jones recounts an anecdote that sheds light on the artist's self-reflective frame of mind in 1980: "An old man searching for driftwood on the beach was asked to move away from the set. When Mallet pointed at Bowie and asked the old man if they knew who they are, the old man replied, 'Of course I do. It's some c*** in a clown suit.' Bowie later said, 'That was a huge moment for me. It put me back in my place and made me realize, "Yes, I'm just a c*** in a clown suit."'" Three years later, Bowie's next album, the crowd-pleasing Let's Dance, became the bestselling record he'd ever enjoy. And in their footsteps, hordes of successful new-wave artists, from The Human League to Duran Duran, followed.
But before they got there, the self-reflection in a handful of Bowie's late-1970s songs began to bleed over into self-reference. Singing in the first person, they imbued "DJ" — one of Lodger's best singles — with a hint that performing their hits over and over had dehumanized him. "I am a DJ / I am what I play." At the same time, the song could be read as both a tribute and taunt aimed at the radio industry who programmed so much of Bowie's fate. And on "Fashion," another single from Scary Monsters, Bowie mercilessly dissected a core component of their persona to an extent they hadn't done since 1975's "Fame." In both "DJ" and "Fashion," Bowie's turn toward contained, catchy experimentalism — rather than the sprawling avant-garde scope of Low and 'Heroes' — is both obvious and bracing. "Ashes to Ashes" was part of a continuum, a deliberate use of cutting-edge technology, studio techniques, harsh textures, and minimalism in the pursuit of elevating pop music while preserving Bowie's image as a sonic iconoclast.
"Ashes To Ashes" fades out on an unsettlingly note, with a nursery-rhyme chant of "My mama said, to get things done / You'd better not mess with Major Tom." In singing these lines, Bowie disobeyed them. They were messing with Major Tom after having resigned them to cosmic limbo over a decade earlier. "When I originally wrote about Major Tom, I was a very pragmatic and self-opinionated lad," they say in The Complete David Bowie. "Here we had the great blast of American technological know-how shoving this guy up into space, but once they get there he's not quite sure why he's there. And that's where I left him. Now we've found out that he's under some kind of realization that the whole process that got them up there had decayed, was born out of decay; it has decayed him, and he's in the process of decaying." They also called the song "the end of something," adding, "I was wrapping up the '70s really for myself, and that seemed a good enough epitaph for it — that we've lost [Major Tom], he's out there somewhere, we'll leave them be."
Other artists did not leave Bowie's famous spaceman be, most famously the German synth-pop star Peter Schilling in their 1983 hit "Major Tom (Coming Home)," which basically amounted to fan fiction in song form. Bowie also broke their own rule. They unearthed Major Tom once more in their 1995 song "Hallo Spaceboy," co-written with Eno. In the lyrics, Bowie bids farewell to their doomed astronaut: "Spaceboy, you're sleepy now / Your silhouette is so stationary." And in "Blackstar," Bowie's final video before their death in 2016, the visor of a spacesuit is raised, revealing a bejeweled skull that may or may not have belonged to Major Tom. By building on the character throughout the decades, Bowie finally found a resting place for Major Tom: in the pantheon of pop mythology. But it was "Ashes To Ashes" that consummated Major Tom's role as a postmodern folk hero — and gave Bowie closure to their most momentous decade.
PULLMAN, Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for their senior season.
Franks, the Pac-12's Most Improved Player last season, announced Wednesday that they would return.
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent. Their return is good news for Washington State, which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer.
Last season, Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game. They were an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection.
Frederic J. Brown / AFP / Getty Images ID: 10438203
Facebook is developing a video app that's coming soon to Apple TV and other streaming devices.
On Tuesday at the Code Conference in Dana Point, California, Facebook announced that it's developing a standalone video app for cable set-top boxes.
The app will be available on Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV, and Samsung Smart TV, and it will roll out “soon,” according to the company. Users will be able to watch videos, both live and otherwise, shared by friends and publisher pages, as well as videos recommended by Facebook. Last year, the company debuted a feature that would allow users to stream Facebook video to TV, but the new app will be native to televisions and streaming devices.
As the social network runs out of space for ads in its news feed, longer videos and Facebook's own premium content may be a way for it to compete for the $70 billion annually spent on television ads.
According to Recode, Facebook is in discussions with media companies to license TV shows rather than produce them in-house. Facebook is the second-largest seller of digital ads behind Google. Recode reports that these videos would likely be upwards of 10 minutes in length. Facebook has already adjusted its News Feed algorithm to promote videos that are longer than 90 seconds.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg has said that video is the format at the heart of what Facebook is and what it does. The company is currently promoting Facebook Live with a national ad campaign, and despite controversy surrounding the product and how it's used, Facebook may soon start playing 15-second ads in the middle of publishers' livestreams. According to the Wall Street Journal, Facebook has told publishers it will share that ad revenue with them.
The news comes as Apple is also considering producing original shows and films. Both Apple and Facebook will be entering a competitive field ruled by Netflix and Amazon Prime Video, which have the advantage of already being major players. Apple isn't likely to become a direct competitor against Netflix or Amazon, but it's unclear what Facebook's ambitions are or how much it will spend on licensed video content.
Facebook currently serves users video ads on the web and in its mobile app, but the company said the TV app will not serve ads when it launches. Facebook declined to say whether it will license content or create proprietary shows for the app and what role ads will play in its programming.
Facebook bundled announcement of the TV app with the release of several new features in the news feed: videos on the social network will now automatically play with sound, vertical videos will now “look better on mobile” thanks to small tweaks, and users will be able to minimize videos to watch them as they scroll.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
The music industry's hottest stars rock the carpet at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas.
Pop singer/songwriter Austin Mahone will perform their hit single, “Mmm Yeah,” from the Orange Carpet this Saturday on the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, hosted by Mark Wahlberg (8 p.m.). It...
FILE - In this May 9, 2018, file photo, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, left, is greeted by senior North Korean official Kim Yong Chol, fourth right, and Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho, third right, on their arrival in Pyongyang, North Korea. Kim Yong Chol, a top lieutenant of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is in the United States to conduct one of three sets of parallel talks aimed at salvaging a summit between Kim and President Donald Trump. Matthew Lee, Pool, File AP Photo
Donald Trump's aides are watching for two key encounters this week to see if Attorney General Jeff Sessions has finally extricated themselves from the danger of being fired, in part by ousting the former No. 2 official at the FBI, according to two people familiar with the situation.
Sessions's standing improved after their Friday night firing of Andrew McCabe, who the president and some Republicans have accused of anti-Trump bias. Top White House officials, including Vice President Mike Pence and Chief of Staff John Kelly, have been protective of Sessions, going out of their way to make Sessions feel appreciated amid frequent criticism from Trump, the people said.
The attorney general's fate has been up in air for months, and questions resurfaced over the weekend as the president unleashed a string of tweets calling Special Counsel Robert Mueller's Russia probe a “witch hunt.” That renewed concern that Trump might install a new attorney general who can fire Mueller.
Trump and Sessions are scheduled to appear together on Monday for an event in New Hampshire on opioid addiction, although they flew there separately and some aides remained worried about how the president will treat Sessions in person. The two will also participate in a roundtable Tuesday at the White House on immigration, providing a fresh glimpse into their tense, and at times tumultuous, relationship.
A QuickTake: Can Trump Dismiss the Special Counsel? Not Exactly
The president has repeatedly and publicly berated Sessions for recusing themselves from the Russia probe, saying they wouldn't have appointed Sessions if he'd had known Sessions would step away from it.
Trump can't fire Mueller directly, but they could replace Sessions with someone who would. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt, the former attorney general of Oklahoma, has told associates he'd be willing to lead the Justice Department, a person familiar with the matter said in January.
Sessions made the decision to fire McCabe after the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility recommended that they be dismissed for not being forthcoming about authorizing discussions with a reporter about a pending investigation. Sessions said they relied on internal assessments that McCabe lacked candor on multiple occasions.
McCabe said the firing on Friday night, two days before they were to retire, was an effort by the president and their allies to undermine Mueller's investigation. Michael Bromwich, a former Justice Department inspector general who's representing McCabe, said the efforts to investigate and eventually fire McCabe came after disclosures that McCabe would be a “corroborating witness” against the president.
In a series of posts over the weekend, Trump criticized Mueller by name on Twitter for the first time, saying their investigation is corrupted by political bias.
‘Hardened Democrats'
“Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair?'' Trump tweeted earlier Sunday, even though Mueller is a Republican. “And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!''
On Sunday evening, White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement saying Trump “is not considering or discussing the firing” of Mueller. But Trump already had made clear their growing impatience at the special counsel and their probe. They continued to do that on Monday morning, saying in a tweet: “A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!”
In a statement Saturday, Trump's personal lawyer, John Dowd, said “I pray that Acting Attorney General Rosenstein will follow the brilliant and courageous example of the FBI Office of Professional Responsibility and Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring an end to alleged Russia Collusion investigation manufactured by McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent and corrupt Dossier.''
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp insists goalkeeper Loris Karius will deal with their calamitous night in the 3-1 Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid.
The German goalkeeper was at fault for Real's opener, rolling the ball out with Karim Benzema standing too close to them and allowing the France international to divert it into the net, and they then let Gareth Bale's long-range drive slip through their grasp.
In between those there was an equaliser for Sadio Mane before Bale put Madrid ahead again with a brilliant overhead kick.
Liverpool's misery was compounded with the loss of top scorer Mohamed Salah midway through the first half with a shoulder injury – putting their World Cup in doubt, though the Egypt team later expressed optimism.
Klopp said the loss of Salah shocked their players – but it was Karius most under the spotlight.
“I have only had very few words (with Karius) after the game but there's nothing to talk about in the moment,” said the Reds boss.
“It's really hard for him. Nobody wants that.
“The mistakes were obvious. We don't have to talk about them. They know it, I know it, you all know it.
“Now they have to deal with it, we have to deal with it. We will be with him, no doubt about that.”
The Mirror reports Karius wasn't the only one moved to tears inside the stadium on Saturday, as a result of the German's unfortunate errors.
According to The Independent, both Karius' mother and their girlfriend held each other and sobbed while the game was still being played.
The pair were distraught for Karius, whose mistakes got the better of them - shattering their confidence - and resulted in Europe's biggest prize slipping away.
The report goes on to explain how Klopp's wife Ulla Sandrock, who was sitting a few rows behind Karius' mother and girlfriend, spotted the duo holding each other in tears.
Ulla responded by leaving their seat and wandering down towards the pair to offer their support and attempt to console them.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Karius, like Salah an hour before, was in tears at the final whistle and apologised afterwards.
“I'm sorry for everyone – from the team, from the whole club – that the mistakes cost dearly,” they told talkSPORT.
“If I could go back in time, I would. I feel sorry for my team. I know I let them down.
“It's very hard right now but that's the life of a goalkeeper. These goals cost us the title, basically.”
Salah's injury, after Sergio Ramos kept hold of their arm as they fell to the floor, was equally devastating.
Despite trying to continue Salah left the pitch in tears and it clearly affected the team.
“It was very bad for Mo, very bad for us, very bad for Egypt,” said Klopp. “That's part of the sport I don't like, but things like this can happen.
“It was a big moment in the game. I know if you say something like that after you've lost, you sound like a bad loser.
“But for me that was kind of a harsh challenge because the arm is there and it was like wrestling a little bit.
“It was unlucky that Mo fell on their shoulder. It is a really serious injury.
“The shock of the boys was obvious, we dropped a little bit too deep. Real tried to use that positive momentum until we settled a little bit.”
There will be fears over Salah's World Cup participation but a tweet from the Egypt national team account suggested Salah had suffered only ligament damage, avoiding a dislocation or a broken collar bone.
It read: “Update: Dr. Mohamed Abou El-Ela, the doctor of the team, said the Liverpool medical team informed them after the X-ray … that the player was injured in the ligaments of the shoulder joint. According to this diagnosis they are optimistic Salah will be part of the national team in the World Cup.”
Bale became the first British player to score a winner in the European Cup since Peter Withe in 1982 and their first, barely two minutes after coming off the bench, was worthy of winning a final.
“To score a goal like that on the biggest stage in world football is a dream come true,” said the Wales international.
“I've never actually scored a bicycle kick and it's something I've always wanted to do. It was great to get the right connection and see it hit the back of the net.”
Coach Zinedine Zidane became the first man to coach a side to three successive Champions League titles but they deferred credit to their team.
“Our achievement is the most important thing – we have to congratulate the players because it's not at all easy to do this,” they said.
“There are no words to describe this. The amazing thing about this squad is that they don't have a ceiling.”
About 1,500 people braved the chilly waters of English Bay on Sunday to take part in the 97th annual Vancouver Polar Bear Swim.
At 2:30 p.m. when everyone took the plunge, the water temperature was a frigid seven degrees Celsius and the air temperature was just plus one.
A stiff wind off the water made it feel even colder than that for the mix of rookies and veterans.
“One year the snow was deeper, but the wind is bad this year,” said Jim Baxter who has participated every year since 1985.
Ken Hamilton took part for the 41st consecutive year, and they were joined by their adult children and 30 friends.
“First timers, just get in and do it. Don't hesitate. Run and jump in. And the rule is you have to get your head wet,” they advised those who had never done it before.
Among the rookies in their group was Devon Gorman, who didn't know exactly what to expect.
"It was great. All I could think about was turning around and then I saw like 3,000 people running at me splashing in the water,” said Gorman.
The number of participants decreased from the 2,110 who took part last year – and was well below the record of more than 2,500 who took the plunge in 2014 when the temperature was a comparatively balmy eight degrees.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A hotel and conference centre in the Black Country has been sold.
The 81-bedroom Ramada in Oldbury has been acquired by Redwings Lodge Group which operates several hotels including a venue under its own brand in Wolverhampton city centre.
The Ramada was put up for sale following a turn around in business performance when former owner and local business person Gurjit Mahal, purchased it out of administration in 2012.
Charles Jones, senior business agent at consultancy Christie & Co in Birmingham, which sold the premises, said: "The Ramada opened in 2008 and also includes a restaurant and four function rooms which are extensively used for conferences, events and weddings so we knew it would generate a lot of interest once on the market.
"Redwings Lodge is very happy to be associated with the Ramada brand and plans to extend the property, adding new restaurant space and further bedrooms.
"They are also looking to further expand their portfolio within the Birmingham and Coventry area."
The Ramada sold off a freehold at undisclosed price.
ABC News(WASHINGTON) — The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services released two new rules Friday rolling back an Obama-era requirement that most employers offer insurance that covers contraception. The rules go into effect immediately.
The first new rule allows any employer to opt against providing birth control coverage based on the employer's religious beliefs. The second rule provides an exemption for organizations and small businesses that object on the basis of moral conviction rather than religious belief.
Legal challenges to the change in rules have already begun, including with a lawsuit filed Friday by the American Civil Liberties Union. Some state attorneys general are also conferring on possible legal action.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit under Obamacare, the share of women employees in the U.S. who pay their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under four percent from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Health and Human Services Department says the change in rules will affect only a small fraction of women — an estimated 120,000 nationally.
The changes “will not affect over 99.9 percent of the 165 million women in the United States,” the HHS statement said. It added that the exemptions will likely only have an impact for the roughly 200 employers that have filed lawsuits based on religious or moral objections.
“No American should be forced to violate their or their own conscience in order to abide by the laws and regulations governing our health care system,” Caitlin Oakley, Health and Human Services press secretary, said in a statement. “Today's actions affirm the Trump administration's commitment to upholding the freedoms afforded all Americans under our Constitution,” the statement said.
Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards slammed the decision.
“The Trump administration just took direct aim at birth control coverage for 62 million women. This is an unacceptable attack on basic health care that the vast majority of women rely on,” Richards said in a statement.
“With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control,” they said in the statement.
The ACLU was similarly critical, saying in a statement, “The Trump Administration is forcing women to pay for their boss's religious beliefs.”
Virginia State Attorney General Mark Herring said they and some other state attorneys general are discussing a possible legal response.
“Today's decision by the Trump administration puts healthcare decisions in the hands of a woman's employer, which is so demeaning, discriminatory, and dangerous that it's hard to put it into words,” Herring said in a statement. “We have been anticipating this awful idea and have already begun working with other states to evaluate any legal response that may be appropriate to protect our citizens' private decisions and access to affordable healthcare.”
The Health and Human Services Department's new rules cite the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby ruling as legal grounds.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MIRAMAR, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are on the scene where a baby may have been attacked and killed by a dog.
Miramar Police responded to 2420 Kingston Drive in Miramar, Wednesday morning, where the child was fatally attacked by a dog. Police have not confirmed the age of the victim, who is believed to be around 8 months old.
7Skyforce hovered over the scene, where police were seen at the house.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tesla Chairman and Chief Executive Elon Musk has rubbished claims made on Thursday from an alleged employee of the car company's California branch that workers had been underpaid, overworked and often suffered preventable injuries.
Jose Moran alleged in a Medium post that "excessive mandatory overtime," frequent injuries, and below average hourly pay were hallmarks of the San Francisco Fremont plant in which all of Tesla's cars are manufactured.
NICHOLAS KAMM | AFP | Getty Images
"Frankly, I find this attack to be morally outrageous. Tesla is the last car company left in California, because costs are so high," Musk said in a direct message on Twitter via Gizmodo.
Moran also accused the car company of attempting to silence its own employees in an effort to prevent them from forming a workers union.
"Many of us have been talking about unionizing, and have reached out to the United Auto Workers (UAW) for support... But at the same time, management actions are feeding workers' fears about speaking out," Moran said in the Medium post.
"Recently, every worker was required to sign a confidentiality policy that threatens consequences if we exercise our right to speak out about wages and working conditions," they added.
Musk rejected all the claims made in the blog post in their direct message to Gizmodo. In addition, they also questioned the authenticity of the worker making the claims against Tesla.
"Our understanding is that this guy was paid by the UAW to join Tesla and agitate for a union. They don't really work for us, they work for the UAW," Musk suggested.
"The UAW killed NUMMI and abandoned the workers at our Fremont plant in 2010. They have no leg to stand on," they concluded.
CNBC contacted Tesla on Friday, but a spokesperson was not available for comment.
Welcome to our coverage of Derby County's Championship clash with Brentford.
After back-to-back goalless draws, Derby County hit the winning trail again with a 3-0 victory at Pride Parl.
The Rams remain in second place after taking points at home to Bristol City and at Millwall prior to this game- but there's still just a one-point gap over Aston Villa.
Derby loanee Kasey Palmer - who signed from Chelsea on deadline day - deadline day signing Kasey Palmer made their debut as a substsitute, while Cameron Jerome scored on their first start for the club.
The pair drew 1-1 at Griffin Park earlier in the season.
We will have all the build-up, team news, action and reaction in our updates below.
Wa All Stars Coach, Enos Adipah, has all but thrown in the towel after their side's disastrous tart to their maiden continental campaign which saw the Ghana Premier League champions lose 1-3 to Al Ahli Tripoli in the first leg of their CAF Champions League encounter.
They reckon, “it will take a miracle to qualify to the next round”, attributing their side's heavy defeat at the Tamale Stadium last Sunday to inexperience and a lack of match fitness by theirs players.
They however said even though they and their technical team had identified these shortfalls and were seriously working on them before their second leg in Tunis on Sunday.,
Coach Adepah told the Graphic Sports yesterday that they noticed during the match “lack of co-ordination between the defence and midfield”.
“But that notwithstanding, All Stars should have been up by three goals within the first 25 minutes had the attack taken their chances,” they lamented as their side needs to score at least three unanswered goals in the return leg on Sunday to progress to the next round.
The Wa lads have been compelled to move their home matches to the Tamale Stadium because the Wa Park did not meet CAF standards, a change in venue which the coach believes also affected the team's performance.
Coach Adepah took cognisance of the pedigree of Al Ahli Tripoli during their clash in Tamale for which reason they predicted that the return leg in Tunis was going to be a difficult encounter.
“Our chances as things stands now are very slim but we are not discouraged because in football anything is possible. We will continue with our preparation and although we will go with our strategy, much of our approach for the second leg will depend on how our opponents come at us.”
Commenting on the Ghana Premier League, Coach Adepah was emphatic about the readiness of their team to defend the title, saying “irrespective of the outcome of our CAF Champions League, we will not allow that to affect our performance in the domestic league”.
All Stars are expected to leave for Tunisia tomorrow.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Eastern Tabletop
CONTACT: 888-422-4142, www.easterntabletop.com
Built it to suit the occasion, Eastern's NEW Tower Display Modular System is the latest and greatest in the industry. The elegant Tower display can be easily transformed from a back bar to action stations or to a beautiful buffet display setup. Available in two sizes with additional add on accessories.
By Joe Moses.
Maada Bio's New Direction Government has inherited a lot of age-old problems that they might possibly not resolve in the first five years of their Presidency. There are many reasons for the persistence of these problems, and it looks like the President wants to resolve them without, first of all, trying to diagnose them. They will administer the wrong antidotes and the problems will remain unabated.
Solutions
I will begin to enumerate these problems and attempt to proffer solutions to them because I have diagnosed almost all of them during my various careers as human resources consultant, diamond sector consultant (sitting on the Kimberley Process Technical Team for West Africa) and newspaper editor of at least two Sierra Leonean Newspapers.
Economy
The first issue has to do with the Sierra Leonean Economy and our seeming inability to stabilize and increase the value of the Leone. Today the Leone trades against the US Dollar at 780 on the parallel market, and this is affecting the prices of essential commodities in Sierra Leone. One main problem with the value of the Leone is that our foreign exchange earning capacity in Sierra Leone is too low. We do not have many Sierra Leonean industries exporting goods to other countries and our agricultural, mining and fisheries sectors are not seriously productive. The Foreign exchange stock we have in this country is too small, and we are using it to make huge procurements abroad. We are also awarding contracts to foreign companies that receive payments in dollars and there are many fair-sized companies operating in Sierra Leone that are repatriating their profits in dollars.
Imports
Sierra Leone imports most of the food items we consume and these include rice, meat, egg, chicken, onions, oil, salt, etc. We also import vehicles, clothes, medicines, and other materials and equipment. We are spending millions of Dollars year after year to make these procurements, but we cannot recover the spent dollars by way of international trade or other services to foreign countries. Other eaters-up of our foreign exchange stock are the diplomatic missions abroad and external travels. If we cannot recover these spent dollars, then we should make efforts to protect the foreign exchange stock we have in Sierra Leone.
In a discussion, I once told the current Minister of Finance, Jacob Jusu Saffa, at the Stop Press Restaurant that we should follow the prescriptions of Professor Adebayor Adedeji's book, Africa's Alternative Framework, wherein the author prescribes serious investment in Agriculture amongst other things, for Africa's economic survival. It is true that we do not have industries, but most of our countrymen are into Agriculture. We can save the hundreds of millions of Dollars we spend on exporting rice, meat, chicken, eggs, pig's feet, cow's feet, gizzard, etc, by increasing our agricultural investment in these things, so that we can save the money spent on importing them. One reason the Leone is losing value against the dollar is because the Dollar is scarce on the local market, and when a commodity is scarce, it becomes expensive.
30% Equity
There are many small foreign companies in Sierra Leone (telecommunication, road construction and toll collection) that are repatriating millions of dollars to their home countries every year. With the approval of the IMF, the Government of Sierra Leone should have at least 30% equity in these small businesses so that it can increase and save its foreign exchange earnings. For instance, if we are still keeping the Chinese toll road for the next 20 years, the Government should have at least 40% equity in it. The Government should also have equity in the betting and telecommunication companies, because they have low capitalization but are highly profitable.
The second thing to do is assess the viability of parastatals and state-owned companies. They were not created to merely provide jobs for supporters of political parties. These are business entities that should provide essential services to the nation and survive on their own. Unfortunately, they have been generally mismanaged, and the Government serves as guarantor for the millions of Dollars Loans they borrow to support themselves. This situation must stop. Government should start thinking about restructuring parastatals. They are overstaffed and ineffective.
Civil Service
The third thing is the civil service and the numerous commissions and shadow state offices created to provide employment to APC party supporters. These include the Attitudinal and Behavioral Change Secretariat, Office of Diaspora, and other offices I do not know by name. The cost of running most of these offices is very high. We should start shutting down some of these offices or trimming and putting them under some existing institutions. ABC Secretariat must go; Office of Diaspora must go; Financial Intelligence Unit should be trimmed and put under the Central Bank. The Legal Aid Board should be trimmed and put under the Ministry of Justice. The Corporate Affairs Commission should be trimmed and put under the Ministry of Trade or Mines. Many other Government institutions deserve to examine and work study. Certain embassies abroad should either be merged or closed altogether.
Gerrymandering
The APC also created new districts and chiefdoms for reasons best known to them. All of these actions have financially overburdened the Government of Sierra Leone. New Chiefdom Councils and new districts require additional personnel, equipment, finance, etc. The new districts were specifically created to give political advantage to the APC in its stronghold, not for any demographic reason or administrative convenience. The presidential election results proved that there was no demographic basis for re-districting the Northern Province to create Karina and Falaba Districts. In fact redistricting for electoral purpose should not be the initiative of a Government. It should be the initiative of Boundary Commissioners and Electoral Commissions. When a Government does it, we call it Gerrymandering. This term was coined after Elbridge Gerry, former Governor of Massachusetts, who increased constituencies in areas that supported them in elections.
Corruption
Corruption is another issue that deserves serious attention because revenue leakage often makes it impossible to attain revenue targets. Though imprisonment has been widely used to punish corrupt people, it is advisable to be forcing them to pay back what they have stolen, so that we can fill in our revenue gaps. Imprisonment has a lot of drawbacks. You reduce the GDP by jailing productive people; you harden offenders by stigmatizing them through imprisonment and mingling them with hardened criminals. I believe that there is no logical basis for jailing economic offenders because there is no penological scale to weigh economic offence against imprisonment. Recover the loots, and then all other things will come later.
Education
Finally, education. Free education in good, but quality education is better. This sends me back to my advice on corruption. Many pupils are buying grades with money and sex, and this practice must stop. Conference marking or second marking of examination scripts might remedy these problems. There should also be fixed standards against which we rate performances of pupils and schools year after year. Sierra Leone should once more be the Athens of West Africa. The current trend should be reversed. I see a lot of poorly educated and ill-informed people visiting the radio and TV stations, talking about issues they know nothing about. A case in point is the recent allegation of a diamond becoming a stone. Those who know about the World Kimberley Process Certification Scheme will tell you that it is impossible for a Vice-President to steal and sell a diamond of that size. Anybody selling a diamond of that size and value should be a registered producer or exporter, who should state the origin and chain of custody to the National Minerals Agency and submit all legal documents pertaining to ownership, before the diamond can be sold through legal channels abroad. The World is doing its best to ensure that conflict diamonds do not enter the legal supply chain. Juldeh Jalloh and their government have been maligned by irresponsible and poorly educated people. There are many honest people in this Government that I have known since my undergraduate days: David Francis, Jacob Saffa, Juldeh Jalloh, Edward Suluku, Mohamed Swaray, etc. Other good guys I have known out of school are Morie Manyeh and Charles Margai. Society changes men, but they have not yet become criminals.
Stupid Sierra Leoneans
Finally, my appeal to my media people is to stop allowing uninformed, satupid people to misinform Sierra Leoneans. Many Sierra Leoneans will become and remain stupid if we allow stupid people to be giving interviews on things they know nothing about. The repeal of the criminal libel law can only be meaningful to us when we always put out the truth to the people.
The Los Angeles Times calls Berkeley the “flashpoint” of political protests in the Trump era. This assessment comes after supporters and opponents of President Donald Trump exchanged blows Saturday.
Video of woman — apparently protesting President Trump — getting punched in Berkeley sparks outrage https://t.co/nXYaPjJ84F pic.twitter.com/bIsBBlJJMT — CBS News (@CBSNews) April 17, 2017
From the Washington Post:
Dueling pro- and anti-Trump rallies in Berkeley, California turned violent Saturday as numerous fistfights broke out and protesters fired pepper spray into a crowd. Police arrested more than a dozen people and requested aid from other law enforcement agencies.
It was not immediately clear what protesters were charged with, or whether there would be more arrests. The Berkeley Police Department seized numerous prohibited items, including sticks and knives, according to the agency.
In February, violent protest erupted at the University of California, Berkeley with news that controversial Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos, a right-wing extremist, would visit the college for a talk.
While the two sides fought on Saturday, dozens of protests erupted nationwide, as demonstrators called on Trump release their personal tax returns.
Thousands on the "Tax March" in more than 150 cities called on Donald Trump to release their tax return https://t.co/qa0xPRb6cj pic.twitter.com/oT7RdGTktw — Newsweek (@Newsweek) April 17, 2017
Trump has said they could not release their taxes because of an IRS audit. However, the tax agency said he's allowed to make them public during the audit. Trump has so far declined, fueling suspicion that he's hiding something.
SOURCE: Los Angeles Times, Washington Post
SEE ALSO:
Trump Faces Renewed Scrutiny Over Taxes After Russian Dossier Claims
Trump Threatens To Cut UC Berkeley's Federal Funding After Wednesday Protests
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — Actor Harrison Ford had a potentially serious run-in with an airliner at a Southern California airport, NBC-TV reported Tuesday.
Ford, 74, was told to land their single-engine plane on a runway at John Wayne Airport in Orange County on Monday, but they mistakenly landed it on a parallel taxiway, passing over an American Airlines jet holding nearby, NBC reported.
“Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?” Ford is heard asking air traffic controllers in a recording, NBC reported.
American Airlines Flight 1456, with 110 passengers and six crew, departed safely for Dallas a few minutes later.
Ford's publicist, Ina Treciokas, declined comment Tuesday afternoon.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor couldn't confirm that Ford was piloting the Aviat Husky that overflew the Boeing 737, but they said the pilot received and had read back the proper landing instructions.
The FAA is investigating, Gregor said.
Ford collects vintage planes and has a long and good record as an aviator. But they have had several close calls.
In March 2015, Ford suffered a broken arm and a gashed forehead when their World War II-era trainer crashed on a Los Angeles golf course when it lost power shortly after takeoff.
In 1999, Ford crash-landed their helicopter during a training flight in which they and an instructor were practicing auto rotations in Ventura County, northwest of Los Angeles. Ford and the instructor were unhurt.
Ford was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza in 2000 when wind shear forced them to make an emergency landing at Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. Ford and their passenger were uninjured when the plane clipped the runway, but its wing tips were damaged, officials said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
We hope that all of you managed to survive the pink bubbles of Valentine's Day. We woke up to a whole different, but just as special date: 15 February is Singles Awareness Day and here are 10 reasons to be happy you're single!
Asia markets mixed as N Korea tensions subside
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Chukwudi Obi
ONE is constrained to join issues with “Mr. Yahaya Sadique”, supposedly a Kaduna-based writer over an article authored by them and published recently in a national newspaper. The article entitled “The Senate, Ports and revenue leakages” is to say, the least a disservice to the cause of truth. Although it hinges its premise on the ports and attempts by the Senate to investigate alleged revenue leakages at the ports, it dwells extensively on a statement recently issued by respected elder statesman and former Military Governor of Kaduna State, Col. Umar Abubakar Dangiwa Umar (rtd). And that is really pathetic.
One finds it distasteful that “Mr. Sadique” would disparage a man who has remained one of the most committed patriots and has never shied away from speaking their mind on national issues no matter how contentious they are. To insinuate that the statesman is under the influence of the NPA, is to say the least, a disgraceful position not expected of anyone conversant with national history and has national interest at heart.
But it does not seem that the writer under discussion is in tune with the current state of affairs going by the content of their article, especially as it concerns the NPA. Anyone familiar with the current state of affairs at the NPA would readily testify to the increasing level of transparency at the agency.
Just on Tuesday this week, a report in The Nation quoted statesman and former Governor of Ogun State, Chief Olusegun Osoba as saying the following about the new administration at the NPA: “If anybody is complaining about Hadiza Bala Usman…it must be that such people are not transparent. And if you are not transparent and compliant to the rules and regulation of NPA, you will run into troubled waters with Hadiza Bala Usman.”
How does this differ from Umar comments made about them just a few hours before Osoba said the foregoing?
It is unfortunate that it is this same person that Sadique is accusing of not just embarking on a media campaign against the Senate Committee on Customs, Excise &Tariffs and Marine Transport, but recruiting “supporters” in an imaginary media trial.
From what I have read about the NPA in the past couple months, its management has shown commendable commitment to instituting a culture of transparency at the organisation.
Concerning their relationship with the Senate, the only public comments that can be attributed to the NPA are those which offered explanations on issues raised by the Senate committees and went on to assure of its readiness to provide further information. Two examples of these are statements entitled: “NPA welcomes Senate's investigation of its JV Enterprises,” published in the July 7, 2017 issue of Leadership and “No evidence of 282 missing vessels, says NPA,” published in the July 27, issue of THISDAY. From this, it is evident that the NPA does not need any mouthpiece to communicate its opinion to stakeholders in the Nigerian project.
Having said that, there is a need for me to highlight the part of report of The Nation of August 3, 2017, which they quoted in their article. They had written: “…To support this position, which Col. Umar seemed to align to, the same publication stated more than four instances where vessels had come to Calabar Port and exited the Port without any proper documentation.” They went ahead to list these occasions when vessels were not properly documented and concluded that: “If these are true, then the NPA has tacitly admitted that indeed vessels enter the Nigerian waters and disappear without documentation. This tacit admission validates the position of the Senate that indeed, vessels do enter Nigeria's territorial waters under the watch of the NPA and exit without documentation, hence the Public Hearing by Senate to look at the revenue leakages in the Ports. This tacit admission by the NPA, therefore, explains the aversion of the MD of the Nigerian Ports of Authority to honour the invitation of the Senate Committee and testify at the Public Hearing.”
My own understanding of the part of the report in The Nation is different. In my own understanding, the ships quoted in the article by “Mr Sadique” have nothing to do with the 282 ships that were said to be missing. On the contrary, they explicate the conclusion of the investigations into actives of the Calabar Channel Management Company and the attempt to hoodwink the NPA by the appearance and disappearance of these ships which were supposed to have been deployed as part of the company's dredging contract.
Furthermore, in the THISDAY report of July 27 earlier cited, the NPA explained that it was presented with a number of documents on July 20, 2017 while another set was passed on to it through the Nigerian Shippers Council on July 24, 2017.
The report said after looking through the documents, the NPA discovered that of the 29 items handed over to it, only five vessels were identifiable with the other 24 items being repetitions of the five identified vessels.
The THISDAY report further said the organisation was unable to conduct a meaningful review of the documents sent through the Nigerian Shippers Council because they did not include data like vessel names, arrival date of vessels, port of arrival, name of terminal and no rotation number of vessels that will enable verification. It also said that the situation had been communicated to the Senate Committee.
What is clear from the administration of the NPA is that it is committed to the war against indiscipline of the Buhari administration. And as it concerns Col. Umar, one does not know what a man of their conviction, a man who stood against wrong decisions taken by their superiors in the military, should be accused of falsehood by “Sadique”.
For me, Col. Umar called the attention of Nigerians to issues that are pertinent to national survival. It is a period in our country when men and women of virtue are scarce; Umar is one of such and we should not grudge them for identifying people like them and standing with them. No, we should not!
*Mr. Obi , a maritime business analyst, wrote from Lagos.
The Urban Development Authority (UDA) has decided to prohibit the dumping of garbage on any State land owned by it with effect from May 1. However, if any Municipal Council, Pradesheeya Sabha or a State institution needed a plot of land to dump garbage, it will have to settle the cost involved from its own provisions.
A press release by the Megapolis and Western Development Ministry issued yesterday stated that the UDA has come forward to rehabilitate the Kolonnawa garbage dump and the adjourning land with the assistance of the Sri Lanka Army.
It is reported that 69 houses had been destroyed up to now from the Meethotamulle tragedy. Minister Patali Champika Ranawaka said steps would be taken to provide a new house in place of those destroyed if the government provided the funds.
Although some are blaming politicians, government officers and State institutions for the recent tragedy, this was not a problem which cropped up in recent times. Whenever intervention was made over the last two decades to resolve this problem it had to be abandoned in the face of political and public protests.
The Ministry submitted a special cabinet memorandum on the Meethotamulla garbage dump in February this year. The Colombo Municipal Council had been advised to stop dumping garbage in Kolonnawa and identify alternative places.
When then Mayor of Colombo Karu Jayasuriya joined hands with them, Chief Minister Susil Premajayantha brought a proposal to create a systematic garbage dump for Colombo in Meepe with World Bank assistance but it was abandoned when politicians of all hues in the area joined hands and protested saying they did not want Colombo's garbage. When they tried to set up an alternative dump in a forest area in Waga with CEA Koika aid, that too had to be abandoned due to political protests. A proposal to use the limestone mines in Puttalam to dump Colombo's waste too had to be abandoned.
Alternative places selected by the CMC to dump garbage too had to be similarly abandoned due to public protests.
The Meethotamulla tragedy is not a natural disaster but a process caused by social problems. People had continuously objected to the dumping of garbage in this place and as such, the government had a responsibility regarding it and it was acting accordingly.
(Source: Daily News)
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
See the latest jobs recommended by recruitment experts at Fish4Jobs.
Graduate Trainees - Pay Undisclosed
Recruiter: Walkers Chocolates
Who they are looking for: Graduate trainees to join production and sales and administration department
Why: Walkers Chocolates require graduates or candidates who possess a similar standard of education. Good administration skills are essential together with the enthusiasm and drive to succeed in a progressive company.
Pay: Undisclosed
Closing date: August 18
Apply here
Social Media Tutor - £28,000
Recruiter: Add Resource & Labour
Who they are looking for: Tutors with knowledge of digital marketing and social media
Why: A well-renowned training company is looking to recruit a digital marketing/social media tutor to assist its team in coping with an ever increasing demand of their services. The role includes assessing learners on site and remotely, tutoring, managing own case load.
Pay: £25,000 to £28,000 depending on experience
Closing date: August 21
Apply here
Digger Drivers - Pay Undisclosed
Recruiter: Client unnamed
Who they are looking for: CPCS digger and dumper drivers and general operatives with CSCS for Birmingham area.
Pay: Undisclosed
Closing date: August 28
Apply here
Trainee Beauty Therapist (guaranteed interview) - £30,000
Recruiter: Lifetime Beauty
Who they are looking for: Trainee beauty therapists with a guaranteed interview
Why: Lifetime Training is recruiting for its Beauty Therapy Academy in Birmingham and is on the lookout for enthusiastic and passionate people who want to take the next step to becoming a beauty therapist. After applying to Lifetime, a consultant will get in touch and, if successful, you will be offered a place on one of its part-time training courses.
Pay: £16,000 - £30,000
Closing date: August 17
Apply here
Media Relations Officer - £37,000
Recruiter: 2M Employment Solutions
Who they are looking for: Media relations officer to work on a fixed-term transport project.
Why: The recruiter is after candidates who are politically astute and dynamic media relations experts who can write and place stories that resonate with audiences.
The client is a pan-Midlands partnership of local transport authorities, local enterprise partnerships and local business representatives working with the Department for Transport and its key delivery bodies. The partnership forms the transport component of the Midlands Engine for Growth.
Pay: £33,525 - £37,738
Closing date: August 25
Apply here
Charity Grants Officer - £25,000
Recruiter: Birmingham Children's Hospital Charity
Who they are looking for: An organised individual with experience of and an interest in managing a charity's grant making.
Why: The hospital's charity has created a new post to implement and improve its charitable expenditure processes. It is looking for the right person to help shape the role and ensure it delivers on its promise to donors to do more for sick children and improve the health of women and babies supported by its two charities.
Pay: £25,000
Closing date: August 18
Apply here
After the Subway restaurant on South Carrollton was robbed on Saturday morning, investigators have obtained surveillance photos of a suspect and are hoping the public can help identify him, New Orleans police said.
The suspect entered the Subway in the 3500 block of South Carrollton shortly before 10:30 a.m. Saturday, May 26, with a black shirt wrapped around their face, according to NOPD reports on the case.
“The subject then ran behind the counter, choked the manager and demanded that the manager open the register till drawer,” the report states. “The manager complied and the subject fled the location with cash from the register.”
Further details were not immediately available. Anyone with information is urged to call the NOPD Second District station at 658-6020 to speak to a detective, or CrimeStoppers at 822-1111 to leave an anonymous tip that could be eligible for a cash reward.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
(CNN) — A nationwide manhunt is underway for three men accused of kidnapping and raping two sisters, ages 13 and 14, in northern Ohio, Bowling Green police said.
One suspect, David Ramos Contreras, 27, of Mexico, was spotted Saturday with two women in a lightly colored vehicle at a Walmart in Holland, Ohio, said police, who are asking for the public's help in their pursuit of the suspects.
All three men are classified as dangerous, police said. It's not clear whether they're traveling together.
Nationwide warrants were issued for Contreras, Juan Garcia Rios Adiel and Arnulfo Ramos after an alleged incident last week at a Days Inn motel in Bowling Green, Deputy Chief Justin White said Tuesday in a statement.
The sisters were staying at the hotel with their parents when four men held them for a time against their will, White said. Later, the girls' mother took them to be examined at a local hospital, they said.
Police learned of the incident around 11 p.m. on June 28, Lt. Dan Mancuso told CNN on Wednesday, adding they were unsure of the date of the alleged attack.
One suspect, Simon Juan Thomas, 24, of Guatemala, was arrested the next day, and charged with unlawful sexual conduct with a minor, a misdemeanor, jail records show. They were being held by the Wood County, Ohio sheriff on $50,000 bond.
Police believe the men had stayed at the Days Inn for about a week before the alleged crimes, they said.
All four suspects were found to have “fraudulent paperwork” documenting their status as immigrant workers, White said.
Police said Adiel possessed a U.S. Permanent Resident ID card out of Fellsmere, Florida with a listed date of birth as 9/13/98. However, the card was later verified to be fraudulent.
“We are investigating an alleged sexual assault, not their immigration status,” White told CNN affiliate WTVG.
The US Immigrations and Customs Enforcement agency is also involved in the manhunt, Bowling Green police said.
Contreras previously has been deported, White said.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Some university teachers have enjoined President Muhammadu Buhari to consult the services of sociologists to tackle the enormous social disorders threatening the peace and unity of the country.
The lecturers also suggested that the government must endeavour to fully utilise research findings from the academia and make judicious use of its recommendations in its policy direction and decisions
Associate Professor and Head, Department of Sociology, University of Lagos, Dr. Olufunlayo Bammeke made the suggestion while briefing on the activities for the celebration of the golden jubilee of the department recently, said this will help the administration to overcome many of the problems confronting it.
Bammeke stated that all the societal challenges confronting the nation falls under the sociological domain, and experts have carried out series of research on the root causes and have prescribed solutions to the challenges.
In the same vein, another Associate Professor of Sociology, Ndukaeze Nwabueze, said until people in governance begin to judiciously use research findings and prescriptions, the societal challenges may persist. They also called for introduction of sociology as a subject in secondary schools.
According to Bammeke, “Sociologists have a lot to offer this nation, in terms of ideas and knowledge; proffering solutions to developmental challenges we are facing. All the development crises facing Nigeria, the kidnapping, terrorism, corruption, ethno-religious conflicts and other divisive factors, fall under the sociological domain.
“Our ideas and solutions are not just abstract, these are ideas that are coming out of research that experts have conducted. We have colleagues who have done a lot of research on Boko Haram issue for example, telling us that this is coming much more from what the British had started. So when they are talking about education, it is not just that they are against education but against anything that has western values and so on, and there is a history behind all of that agitation.
They continued, “If you look at the issue of the South-South and the Niger Delta, also there is a history behind it. And if you look at it sociologically, you find that there is a problem coming from within the communities and people feeling marginalised. So, a lot of research approach can be shared with government, a lot of ideas can be shared which will be offered to the society.
“So government and policymakers should adopt our research findings as policy direction and all the recommendations and actually use it, not jettisoning it when it comes to taking decisions. The gap between the academia and the policymakers should be bridged. The research findings should guide their policy directions.”
Related Coverage Carmel considers making drivers exit roundabouts with signal or face fine
CARMEL, Ind. (WISH) – City Council members in Carmel voted Monday against the proposal that would have made the use of turn signals mandatory in roundabouts.
The proposal, if passed, would have fined drivers $100 for failing to use a signal while exiting a roundabout.
Carmel would have been the only community in Indiana to have such a law.
Council members voted 5-1 against the proposal.
The majority of the council feared the proposed law would be too confusing for drivers and thought the fine was too steep.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Los Angeles: CoCo Vandeweghe defeated Andrea Petkovic Sunday to deliver the killing blow in a nightmare Fed Cup tie for Germany that had kicked off with a first-day national anthem gaffe.
Petkovic and their teammates were angered Saturday when an American soloist sang an old version of the German anthem that begins with a stanza considered overtly nationalist — “Deutschland, Deutschland ueber allies” — a reference to German supremacy.
Singing that version is unwelcome in Germany because of its strong links to the Nazi era, with only the third stanza of the old anthem now used.
“I have never felt so disrespected in my life,” Petkovic said Saturday. “It was an absolute effrontery and insolence of the very worst kind.
Things would get no better for Germany on the court in Maui, Hawaii.
Petkovic, a 12-time Fed Cup singles winner, lost to Alison Riske 7-6 (12/10), 6-2 in Saturday's only completed match.
The US women took a 2-0 lead in the best-of-five tie when Julia Georges, who was in tears after the anthem error, retired Sunday with a knee injury in a rain-disrupted match with Vandeweghe leading 6-3, 3-1.
Georges was hurt slipping on a rain-slicked baseline on the last point played Saturday.
Petkovic was up again on Sunday with the tie on the line, taking on shock Australian Open semi-finalist Vandeweghe.
Petkovic broke Vandeweghe in three of their first four service games to take the first set 6-3, and was up 4-2 in the second when the American took a medical timeout for heat illness.
From there it was all Vandeweghe — they won the next 10 games to win the match 3-6, 6-4, 6-0 and put the United States into a semi-final tie in April with defending champions the Czech Republic, who beat Spain 3-2.
Petkovic, irked by an extended break allotted to Vandeweghe at the end of the second set, couldn't regain their focus.
They finished with 11 double faults, including two in the final game of the match.
They were then left to stand and watch as Vandeweghe celebrated with their teammates before belatedly shaking hands with my foe.
Even a meaningless doubles rubber played after the tie was decided was a disaster for Germany, as Laura Siegemund and Carina Witthoeft retired while trailing Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Shelby Rogers 4-1 because of Siegemund's left arm injury.
“Honestly, it's been a really tough week for us,” said Petkovic, who took to Twitter on Sunday to elaborate on their feelings about the anthem mix-up.
“We were mainly (stunned) and did not know how we react. We feared the whole thing could fall back on us,” Petkovic said.
“It is not the worst thing which happened to me in life. But it is the worst thing which happened to me in my Fed Cup life ever.”
Germany captain Barbara Rittner said they had even pondered snatching the microphone from the singer.
“I could have cried, because it is always a special moment, which gives you goose bumps, when you hear the anthem being played,” Rittner said.
The president of the US Tennis Association, Katrina Adams, immediately apologised to Rittner in person and promised to investigate.
— AFP
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — Embracing the tough penalties favored by global strongmen, President Donald Trump on Monday brandished the death penalty as a fitting punishment for drug traffickers fueling the opioid epidemic.
The scourge has torn through the rural and working-class communities that in large numbers voted for Trump. And the president, though they have come under criticism for being slow to unveil their plan, has seized on harsh sentences as key to stopping the plague.
“Toughness is the thing that they most fear,” Trump said.
The president made their announcement in New Hampshire, a state hit hard by opioids and an early marker for the re-election campaign they have already announced. Trump called for broadening education and awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. But the backbone of their plan is to toughen punishments for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
“This isn't about nice anymore,” Trump said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks. … I want to win this battle.”
The president formalized what they had long mused about: that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer whose product potentially kills thousands.
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that harshly punish dealers. During a trip to Asia last fall, they did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorized extrajudicial killings of drug dealers.
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before Monday's speech, someone compared the two leaders with a sign that said: “Donald J. Duterte.”
“Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year,” Trump said. “That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty.”
They added: “Other countries don't play games … But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, predicted the issue would go all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
John Blume, a professor and director of Cornell Law School's death penalty program, said the federal drug kingpin law has yielded few “kingpins” or major dealers, mostly ensnaring mid- to low-level minorities involved in the drug trade.
The president's plan drew criticism from some Democrats, including Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois, who said “we can't arrest our way out of the opioid epidemic” and noted that “the war on drugs didn't work in the `80s.”
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Much of what Trump highlighted Monday was largely repackaged ideas he's already endorsed.
They called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which they announced in the fall, including broadcasting “great commercials” to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs. They announced a new website, http://www.crisisnextdoor.gov, where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction.
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years.
The president also discussed how their policies, including building a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, will help reduce the flow of drugs.
Monday was Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire, which has long occupied a special place in their political rise. They captured their first Republican presidential primary here in 2016, though they narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed they had described New Hampshire as a “drug-infested den.” The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away, early jockeying already is happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party's nominee. Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic, visited New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first presidential primary, last week. They told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump — and it could be them if no one steps up.
Meanwhile, the president's daughter, White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump, spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa, which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
US stocks sank about 2 percent on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average shedding nearly 400 points, as Facebook led a selloff in technology stocks on reports that the social media company's user information was misused.
Facebook shares tumbled 7.1 percent on reports that a political consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's campaign gained inappropriate access to data on more than 50 million users, sparking broader concerns about data privacy and security.
The stock was set for its worst day since September 2012 and was down about 13 percent from its all-time high hit on Feb. 1, entering what is called correction territory.
The Nasdaq Composite slid 2.09 percent to 7,325.58 points and the S&P technology index dropped 2.5 percent, both set for their worst one-day percentage fall since a sell-off in early February.
Republican Senator Marco Rubio said they believed some internet companies have grown too fast to digest their responsibilities and obligations.
Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Alphabet – members of the so-called FAANG group of stocks, along with Facebook – were down between 1.7 percent and 7.2 percent.
“Tech companies all use data one way or the other as part of their businesses. They are going to get a lot more scrutiny over what data they are collecting and how they are using it,” said Shawn Cruz, senior trading specialist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago.
At 12:29 p.m. ET, the S&P 500 was down 1.44 percent to 2,712.36, having spent the session below its 50-day moving average.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was off 1.23 percent at 24,639.94 and fell below its 100-day moving average.
Industrials fell 0.89 percent against the backdrop of worries about a global trade war, which are set to dominate a two-day G20 meeting starting later in Argentina.
The world's financial leaders were seeking to clearly endorse free trade and renounce protectionism amid concern that US tariffs on steel and aluminum and looming actions against China could trigger a trade war that would hurt global growth.
All the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. The CBOE Volatility index was up 5.86 points at 21.66, in one of its sharpest gains since the market sell-off in February.
“Increased political uncertainty is driving as well and you've a Federal Reserve meeting, so the market's defensive,” said John Brady, senior vice president at futures brokerage R.J. O'Brien & Associates in Chicago.
“It's a general pullback in risk and technology tends to have a higher impact on the market.”
The Fed is near certain to raise interest rates on Wednesday, the end of its two-day policy meeting. But the focus is on whether policymakers think economic conditions are strong enough for four hikes this year, one more than the markets expect.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE for a 4.93-to-1 ratio, and for a 3.53-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.
by
This is a story from the Spy Test Kitchen's venerable Way Back Machine. I'll be back with pickles next week!
Luke the wonder dog and I have been enjoying our daily walks around town quite a lot these days. I am thrilled not to be sweating and panting from the merciless heat of summer. He, being a happy kind of guy, is just glad to be out of the studio and in a world of swirling smells and sights. And then there are the squirrels. The squirrels are everywhere!
Luke is a mutt of indeterminate parentage. We adopted them from the Humane Society four years ago when they were just a wiry black, brown and white pup. Since then we have learned that they shed about a bale of fur every day, their favorite spot in the house would be smack in the middle the white sofa if they were allowed on it, they do not like the UPS man, they love to play ball, and their heart's desire is to catch a squirrel.
Luke is a short hair something. Passersby often comment that they look like a blue tick. Or a short Doberman. Or a tall beagle. Or something else with papers and lineage. We think they are a true American mongrel – our own mid-sized mélange of a dog.  They are not a water dog, although they love to swim – but only if they are retrieving their ball.  They are not a retriever, until you hurl their ball though the air, and then they go tearing across the field like a race horse, intent upon catching their ball.  They are a snob. No common tennis balls for him.  They are not a Lab. Only orange and blue Chuckit!® balls for Luke.
Luke is not nearly as fussy about squirrels.  They are pathetically comical when they see a squirrel. Suddenly they assume their cloak of invisibility and cartoonishly slows their pace, as they tiptoe, silently, toward theirs intended. The squirrels will sit, unblinking, staring back at Luke, munching on their nuts, until the dog is inches away. Then, in a tiny furry flash, the squirrels pivot and exit the scene, often vertically. Keep in mind that I am part of this scenario, every time, as Luke and I are attached by 6 feet of heavy-duty leash. In the cartoon that is our life, I am the dust and debris behind Wiley Coyote and the squirrels are the Roadrunner.
Fall is a marvelous time for the squirrels. There are acorns and pecans and dogwood berries pelting down from the trees. We squashed our way through some ripe-smelling ginkgo fruit yesterday. But the best part of fall for the squirrels (and for Luke) seems to be enjoying the Episcopal church pumpkin patch. We walk by the pumpkin patch a couple of times a day. This morning it was swathed in a cool wispy fog. Yesterday it was sunny, and before the church ladies arrived to set up their cash box, the churchyard was buzzing with busy squirrels, grazing on the pumpkins and gourds. We saw one squirrel who was enjoying the buffet with a dinner plate-sized slice of pumpkin while sitting on a flat gravestone. It was a tasty looking breakfast. The squirrels had nothing to fear from Luke, because they were behind the wrought iron fence, and Luke was on this side. They paused often and poked their nose through the rails, sniffing, willing their luck to change. Luke is ever vigilant and ever hopeful. With almost a dozen squirrels to consider, surely the odds would tip in their favor eventually.
Back in the real world we are enjoying the notion of fall. As we turn back into the kitchen to prepare warmer meals for the cooler days, I am like Luke, and always hoping for a tasty schmackeral or two. I'm not hanging out at the churchyard, hoping to catch a squirrel for dinner, but I am always looking for something deelish and easy. Fall means the return of root vegetables. Get down to the farmers' market this weekend, and load up on some local produce. Squirrel some away for an easy dinner (or two) this week. Roasting vegetables fast and easy, and you can take a little leisure time walking through the fallen leaves, watching the squirrels stock up for winter.
http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1017703-roasted-vegetables
http://www.eattheweeds.com/ginkgo-putrid-perfection/
“Experiment to me
Is every one I meet
If it contains a Kernel?
The Figure of a Nut
Presents upon a Tree
Equally plausibly,
But Meat within,
is requisite
To Squirrels,
and to Me”
-Emily Dickinson
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "1","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832764","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "1","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832764","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "1","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832764","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "1","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6832764","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked their sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when they announced they will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
anajdegennaro14 does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Articles: 0 Seeds: 38 Comments: 0 Since: Dec 2016
The 14th February is once again just around the corner and that means that most people's thoughts are turning to love. Many guys will be wondering how they can woo their dream girl and show them just how much they mean to them. Whereas all the girls out there will be busy dreaming of their ideal date and wondering how their man is going to sweep them off their feet this year. Will it be better than last year's Valentine's Day? Here's hoping!
I'm sure that many of you gals will have already wondered about your all-important Valentine's Day outfit. Already got yours sorted? Here's what it says about you!
Bright Prints
There are always some patterns and prints that are in fashion. For instance, leopard print was a big thing last year. Florals seem to come and go as well. But, as long as you are wearing a pattern or print that suits you, you can't go too far wrong wearing one. Wondering what this says about you? It gives off the vibe that you are fun and playful, and are open to see where your Valentine's date will take you! You certainly won't be taking the 14th too seriously, that's for sure. The best way to wear prints for a date is with a summers dress. It's easy to create your sundress style Simply buy a dress that suits you and that you feel completely comfortable in!
Sophisticated Reds
Are you expecting to be wined and dined at a fancy restaurant? If so, then you will have no doubt thought of wearing something a bit more sophisticated than what you might usually put on. There's nothing more classy than deep reds, especially when you wear this shade in a full-length dress. This kind of dress shows that you know what you want and you expect to be treated like the lady you are. Let's hope your man isn't intimidated by you!
Jeans And A T-Shirt
Not too bothered about the whole Valentine's Day fuss? If not, then you will probably be happy to just kick back in your regular jeans and a t-shirt! There's nothing wrong with a casual Valentine's Day, of course. It means that you don't take these mushy, lovey-dovey holidays too seriously, which is probably a good thing! You can show your love at home, in private. Why not watch your favourite rom-com movie with your partner?!
Little Black Dress
A little black dress is a fun date option. I'm sure that most women have one somewhere in their wardrobe. And there is no wonder why – it is very versatile and can be dressed up or down, however you need for the occasion. This kind of outfit shows that you are open to go with the flow and you are ready for almost any situation. You can change the whole look of your outfit with your choice of jacket!
Have a great Valentine's Day, whatever you end up doing. You'll no doubt look fabulous no matter what you wear!
You May Also Like:
CALGARY, AB--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - On Saturday, Oct. 7, the Fraser Institute will release the Report Card on Alberta's High Schools, 2017, the go-to source for measuring school performance.
It provides parents with information they can't easily get anywhere else by ranking nearly 300 high schools in Alberta, based on eight academic indicators derived from provincewide test results.
This year's Report Card spotlights which high schools have improved or fallen behind.
A news release with additional information will be issued via Marketwired on Saturday, Oct. 7 at 5:00 a.m. (Mountain).
The complete results for all 274 high schools will also be available at www.compareschoolrankings.org.
Peter Cowley is available for media interviews from Calgary on Saturday and Sunday.
Follow the Fraser Institute on Twitter | Like us on Facebook
The Fraser Institute is an independent Canadian public policy research and educational organization with offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal and ties to a global network of think-tanks in 87 countries. Its mission is to improve the quality of life for Canadians, their families and future generations by studying, measuring and broadly communicating the effects of government policies, entrepreneurship and choice on their well-being. To protect the Institute's independence, it does not accept grants from governments or contracts for research. Visit www.fraserinstitute.org
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Elena Anguita, author of “Spread Thanks!” came into the library to facilitate a program about their book and the focus of spreading gratitude daily and share it with library attendees. Attendees were able to send notes of gratitude during the program.
Anguita reads daily for information for their full-time job but their favorite book is “The Stand” by Stephen King.
They recall going to the library as a young girl to check out books for school projects. Them class would go to the library periodically to learn about the tools and resources available for students to utilize. They attended Central High and the library was across the street from the school, which made it convenient to visit.
Them best advice to community members is to be aware that your library has so much to offer. It's a community space and a place for community members to gather to be creative. There are many tools and programs offered that community members can learn and benefit from. They wish the library was as vibrant as it is now when they were a child.
Love Island 2018 is definitely at its most dramatic point to date, with chaos coming to a head between Georgia Steel, Josh Denzel and Kazimir Crossley, and Dani Dyer, Jack Fincham and Ellie Jones all in one episode.
And while the latter had a positive conclusion, the same cannot be said for Georgia, after Josh really put their foot in it when they chose to recouple with Kaz.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ITV2
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ICYMI, things have been kicking off in the Love Island villa ever since the boys returned from Casa Amor, after choosing to recouple with one of the 12 new Islanders, or stay loyal to their previous partner.
Jack and Dani aside, Georgia was the only Islander who chose to stay loyal to their couple with Josh, only for Josh to recouple with Kaz.
ITV2
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Last night's episode followed the fallout of the recoupling, with Josh trying to explain to Georgia why they recoupled, and Georgia handling the whole situation like a total pro.
"Do you not think it's a bit bizarre Josh that three weeks you had with me, you had within three hours with another girl", Georgia said to Josh. "Either your feelings were completely fake with me, or your mad. Is that how you work? Because I had temptation there too and I really wanted to rip their clothes off, but I stuck by my guns. You cannot be lying in bed with me a few hours before you go away and then crack on."
"It was three hours where I thought I had a connection", Josh replied. "I was in a bed with her, I didn't sleep with them I've made the decision. I've come here to apologise. If I could have had any chance of explaining to you the situation, I would have. Do I still have feelings for you? Absolutely. Do I want to see you hurt? No way."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ITV2
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As there wasn't a teaser for tonight's Love Island at the end of last night's episode, we're none the wise about what happens between Josh, Kaz and Georgia, but here's to hoping they get their happy ending. Here's what Twitter has to say about the drama so far:
How does Georgia manage to stop themselves crying in 5 seconds? I need 3-5 business days and I'll still be an emotional wreck #LoveIsland — Katrina (@forsyth_katrina) July 3, 2018
Josh just go to hell, Georgia your such a G I'm actually learning and taking notes because the way you handle yourself is a gift #loveisland — Patricia Bright (@PattyOLovesU) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Right I've caught up and have one thing to say: if you could bottle that moment where Georgia composed themselves and refused to cry after having their heart shattered, no woman would ever be fucked over again. #Queen 👑 #LoveIsland — Doireann Garrihy (@DoireannGarrihy) July 3, 2018
I get it now. Georgia and Josh VS Kaz and Josh is attachment VS connection. #LoveIsland — Grace 🦋 (@GraceFVictory) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I don't believe Josh likes Kaz I just believe they think she's more attractive. They clearly used to have more fun with Georgia. All Josh does is sit there saying how sexy Kaz is. Can't base a relationship off of VIBES😂#loveisland — BabyGirl✨ (@Bolusays) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Call me controversial, but I don't think josh has done anything wrong 💁🏼‍♀️ I'd have done the same if I went on love island and somebody I preferred came in. Him and Georgia were never suited and they weren't in a relationship. Megan's worse!! #loveisland — Niomi (@Nigel_8) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Cultured Code has released Things 3.5 with a lengthy list of additions and improvements for the task manager. The update adds collapsible areas so longer project lists can be hidden, broadens app-wide tag searches to include items with nested tags, enhances copy and paste to create to-dos when pasting text from other apps, improves the Today Widget to show inline icons for checklists and reminders, lets you customize settings for the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar, and detects links wherever they appear. ($49.99 new from the Mac App Store, 17.5 MB, release notes, macOS 10.11+)
Photo: Patrick Tracy
By Scott T. Sterling
Country singer Jillian Jacqueline is taking their love to the next level.
Jacqueline has revealed that she's gotten engaged to their boyfriend, Bryan Brown, while on spending time in Paris. Brown is the guitarist in their band.
Related: Blake Shelton, Brad Paisley, Brantley Gilbert Top Watershed 2018
The singer shared the good news on Instagram, posting photos of the happy couple next to the Eiffel Tower and their engagement ring. See the post below.
HOUSTON, TX - JUNE 13: Rougned Odor #12 of the Texas Rangers receives a high five rom Elvis Andrus #1 after hitting a home run in the seventh inning against the Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park on June 13, 2017 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images)
Newy Scruggs, sports anchor at NBC5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and radio host weekly from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on NBC Sports Radio Sirius XM 213/202 and NBCSportsRadio.com, answered questions during a live chat Wednesday. Here are some highlights:
Question: Five straight wins against the Nats and Astros, is this a real turning-the-corner moment for the Rangers or another tease like that 10-game winning streak?
Scruggs: It's June. It's June. It's June. The Rangers have played up to their potential against the Nationals and Astros but with 90-plus games left in the season, I'm not ready to say this is when the Rangers turned it all around. There is so much more baseball to play.
Question: Who will lose at-bats when Carlos Gomez comes off the DL?
Scruggs: That is a great question. It is a good thing to have options. I know this: More players will be injured because that is the nature of baseball.
That question may answer itself.
Fans wondered about Joey Gallo's at-bats when Adrian Beltre came back from injury. Mike Napoli's injury and Beltre's ankle sprain allowed the Rangers to keep Gallo's bat in the lineup.
Things will work out.
Question: Is this the year to trade Jurickson Profar?
Scruggs: What are the Rangers trading Profar for? That is my question. If you are getting back a young center fielder then great.
Profar, in my opinion, has the chance to go to another team and become a heck of an everyday player. The Rangers just can't trade them for some middle reliever.
Profar is not making a lot of money, so do the Rangers want to get a prospect with controllable years in a trade? They may not want to take on a veteran player with a multi-year contract.
-- Click or tap here to see the full chat transcript.
Foremost telecommunications company, Globacom, last Saturday held its Mega Music Nationwide Tour in Awka, Anambra State, with multiple waves of musical explosions that kept young residents of the prime Eastern city elated and energised. The music concert held at the Marble Arch Event Centre paraded a galaxy of stars from the nation's music and Nollywood industries. It proved to be a perfect
Emails show a campaign adviser to President Trump repeatedly tried to set up meetings with Russians. Evan Vucci AP
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia announced on Monday it will allow movie theaters to open in the conservative kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years, in the latest social push by the country's young crown prince.
Movie theaters were shut down in the 1980's during a wave of ultraconservatism in the country. Many of Saudi Arabia's clerics view Western movies and even Arabic films made in Egypt as sinful.
However, since Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ascended to power under their father, King Salman, they have pushed for greater social openings such as lifting a ban on women driving next year and bringing back concerts and other forms of entertainment to satiate the desires of the country's majority young population. The 32-year-old heir to the throne has also sought ways to boost local spending and create jobs amid lower oil prices.
According to Monday's announcement, a resolution was passed paving the way for licenses to be granted to commercial movie theaters, with the first cinemas expected to open in March 2018.
Saudi filmmakers and movie buffs have been able to circumvent traditional censors by streaming movies online and watching films on satellite TV. Many also travel to neighboring countries like Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to go to movie theaters.
Despite there being no movie theaters in Saudi Arabia, young Saudi filmmakers have received government support and recognition in recent years.
The government has backed a Saudi film festival that's taken place for the past few years in the eastern city of Dhahran. This year, some 60 Saudi films were screened.
The film “Wadjda” made history in 2013 by becoming the first Academy Award entry for Saudi Arabia, though it wasn't nominated for the Oscars. The movie follows the story of a 10-year-old girl who dreams of having a bicycle, just like boys have in their ultraconservative neighborhood where men and women are strictly segregated and where boys and girls attend separate schools. The film was written and directed by Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour, who shot the film entirely in the kingdom.
Also, the Saudi film “Barakah Meets Barakah”, by director Mahmoud Sabbagh, made its premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival in February. The movie, which has been called the kingdom's first romantic comedy, tells the story of a civil servant who falls for a Saudi girl whose Instagram posts have made them a local celebrity.
Though four years apart, the two films tackle the issue of gender segregation in Saudi Arabia, which remains largely enforced.
It was not immediately clear if movie theaters would have family-only sections, segregating women and families from the male-only audience. Another unknown was whether most major Hollywood, Bollywood and Arabic movie releases would be shown in theaters and how heavily edited the content will be.
The Ministry of Culture and Information did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The government says it will announce regulations in the coming weeks.
The Saudi government says the opening of movie theaters will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create more than 30,000 jobs by 2030. The kingdom says there will be 300 cinemas with around 2,000 screens built in the country by 2030.
TORONTO — The United States doesn't see big problems with U.S.-Canada agricultural trade, said U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue.
But there are issues it wants to resolve.
“I think there are just a very few issues that we'll have on the table regarding agricultural issues with Canada, that I believe we can resolve with good faith,” said Perdue in an exclusive interview with The Western Producer.
“I think producers on both sides of the border have benefitted and I think consumers on both sides of the border have benefitted.”
Perdue said Canadian farmers can “relax, breathe deeply and we're all going to be fine” generally speaking, when it comes to North American Free Trade Agreement renegotiation.
However, the U.S.'s outstanding issues will be raised, including:
Dairy: the U.S. wants to ensure Canadian supply management does not get used as a way to allow Canada to produce dairy surpluses it dumps on the world market.
Wheat grading: U.S. northern plains farmers should have their wheat treated fairly when delivered to a Canadian elevator, rather than being downgraded to feed simply because of its origin or other regulatory technicalities.
Wine: U.S. wine should not be segregated or otherwise be treated differently by provincial wine retailing regulations compared to Canadian wine.
Dairy appears to be the subject of the greatest concern or frustration for Perdue.
Americans view the new pricing regimes being undertaken by Canadian dairy authorities as a “sort of circumvention of the issue that we dealt with” when previously dealing with milk protein products, which were not covered by NAFTA.
ADVERTISMENT
However, Perdue was generally effusive in their praise of the Canada-U.S. trading relationship, likening it to “a family matter.” Differences can be worked out amicably, they said.
Earlier in the day, they and a close political friend, former Quebec premier and former senior Progressive Conservative cabinet minister Jean Charest, lauded the Canada-U.S. relationship, with Charest describing it as being like a wonderful neighbourhood to live in, compared to the rest of the world.
“The relationship is easily taken for granted,” said Charest during the Southeastern United States Canadian Provinces Alliance (SEUSCP) annual conference, this year held in Toronto.
Perdue reflected this view, noting the close co-operation of Canadian and U.S. officials in areas like agriculture research and food safety.
Perdue was credited by Charest as the driving force that got the SEUSCP going, bringing together the leaders of southeastern U.S. states and eastern Canadian provinces into a forum in which they try to boost trade and investment.
While many see U.S. President Donald Trump's administration as playing with protectionist sentiments, Perdue seems to follow the opposite tack, viewing free and fair trade as enriching all its partners.
In the interview, they said Trump should not be seen as a protectionist, but as somebody bothered by the loss of American jobs in unbalanced trading relationships.
ADVERTISMENT
Perdue noted that Canada and the U.S. are roughly balanced in trade and agriculture trade, so Canada is not seen as the source of American problems.
“We know that not many jobs have left the United States and gone to Canada, but jobs have left the United States and gone south,” said Perdue.
However, even with concern about overall job losses to Mexico, Perdue said that doesn't necessarily apply to agriculture.
“From an agricultural perspective they also understand it's been good for all three countries.”
When the NAFTA renegotiation is complete, and Perdue said it is not a question of “if,” they hope to be able to partner with Canada to develop better trading relations around the world, with the U.S. as likely to play the silent partner as the lead.
“Oftentimes (Canada) can be a great, trusted referee on world markets where maybe we would appear heavy-handed,” said Perdue.
“If Canada steps up we can ride along on the coattails.”
Moses Sumney has cancelled their performance at the Montreal Jazz Festival, which was to take place today. The singer-songwriter's choice to pull out was due to a run of performances of the musical show SLĀV at the festival. A collaboration between accomplished Canadian director and playwright Robert Lepage and performers Ex Machina and Betty Bonifassi, the production has drawn criticism for coupling performances of “slave songs” with a largely white cast and incited public protests. In a statement posted to Twitter on Monday, Sumney cited the protests as well as the content of the show, noting that one attendee of the production had “slapped a a woman color” during one of the demonstrations. Sumney also said that they could not “in good conscience” opt to perform at the Festival “on a day sandwiched between Canada Day and Independence Day, two bittersweet holidays that have long left black, brown, and indigeneous voices out.”
In a statement given earlier this week in response to protests, the Jazz Festival voiced their continuing support for the show:
We are truly fortunate that artists as talented and recognized on the five continents as Betty Bonifassi and Robert Lepage – in their very first collaboration – have chosen the festival to present this show as a world premiere. Before subjecting them to trial by public opinion, we firmly believe that we must wait and witness the show they will present to us all….[Jazz Fest is] synonymous with a global village where there is no race, no gender, no religion and all human beings are equal.
Sumney has rescheduled their Montreal show for tonight at La Sala Rossa. Read their full statement below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A highly anticipated rematch between two of Britain's most polarising boxers, with David Haye looking to get back in the win column.
The pair first squared off in March last year, with Tony Bellew coming out on top despite entering as a massive underdog.
Bellew stunned critics and fans alike with a relatively one-way demolition job at the O2 Arena, with a TKO victory in the 11 round and Haye nursing an Achilles injury.
When is it and where is it taking place?
The fight will take place next Saturday (May 5) at the o2 Arena in London, the same location as the first bout.
With the nature of boxing, it's difficult to predict exactly what time the pair will make their ring-walk.
However, it's believed to be around 10pm. The undercard will get underway at 6pm, showcasing six fights before the main event.
What are the odds?
Despite losing the first encounter, David Haye enters the contest as a strong favourite at 4/9, with their counterpart a 2/1 underdog.
If you fancy a mirror image repeat of the pair's last fight, Bellew is a big price at 7/2 to win by KO/TKO/stoppage.
Where's the money going?
David Haye is attracting punters' attention, which is abnormal when it comes to boxing, with the underdog usually receiving more support.
The Hayemaker has attracted 55% of all bets on the fight, compared to Bellew's 40% share of bets. 5% of bets have been placed on the draw at 33/1.
What TV channel is it on?
The fight will be shown live on Sky Sports Box Office for the price of £19.95, or alternatively you can listen live on talkSPORT for free.
To purchase the fight, you can visit Sky channel 491 and order it via the pay-per-view option.
What are their records?
Win/Loss/Draw:
Haye - 28/3/0
Bellew – 29-2-0
What have they said?
Bellew
Discussing the lead up to the crucial encounter, Bellew discussed their training camp: "It's been a tough camp, a hard camp, but I'm in fantastic shape.
"I go beyond the call of duty you could say. It's been hard in Rotherham at times, being away from home, and back and forth.
"The training levels have been taken up. All my numbers have gone up from my stats. I'm 35, so it doesn't get any easier, it gets tougher.
"But the fact my numbers are still going up, show that I'm still improving. I'm still getting physically better with each and every camp."
Haye
On the other side of the ring, Haye is taking a more mature approach in the rematch: “Do I really just want to be remembered as someone who talked crap?
“I could add another million pounds to the earnings of this fight by throwing a glass of water at a press conference or slapping him,” they say.
But at what cost? “I don't want to be known just for selling tickets and pay-per-view television. I've done that throughout my career.
“How about the merit of my work? At 37, I am thinking about how I want to be remembered.”
What's your prediction for the fight?
Oddschecker's Callum Wilson: “Bookmakers have taken a chance on there not being a repeat result in the rematch between the pair, pricing winner Bellew as the underdog.
“This could come back to bite them, if you go along with the rhetoric that the Liverpudlian has Haye's number.
“Another determining factor is sure to be the extent of Haye's injuries, and the status of them. If there is still niggling damage to their Achilles tendon that they suffered in the first fight – bookies will behind the sofa.
“I'm backing Bellew to beat their South London counterpart and arch-rival, with the psychological advantage being the determining factor between the British pair.
2:24
What shots do your kids need for back to school?
0:36
Brain-eating amoeba: What you need to know
1:01
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A huge plume of smoke hung over Birmingham city centre on Tuesday afternoon.
Shoppers and motorists looked up at the blue sky and bright sunshine to see the thick black smoke.
It was caused by a "big bin fire" close to the Aston Expressway.
(Image: Samad Miah)
Samad Miah took the above image of the fire.
West Midlands Fire Service said crews were called to the car park near Matalan at around 4.15pm.
"It was a big bin fire in a car park near Dartmouth Circus," a spokesperson said.
West Midlands Police said no roads were closed and traffic was not affected.
Mack Cole, Jr., age 54, of San Antonio, faces federal prison time after a jury this afternoon found them guilty of scheming to defraud the Department of Veterans Affairs Disability Compensation Program announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr.
In San Antonio this afternoon, a federal jury convicted Cole on four counts of health care fraud and two counts of making false statements in a matter involving a health care benefit program.
Evidence presented during trial revealed that Cole, who was deployed with the Kansas Army National Guard to Kosovo in 2004, injured their lower back in a state-side training accident prior to the deployment.
SANTA CLARA – With the season finally over, and their job seemingly on the line, Chip Kelley addressed the media following their team's 25-23 loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
During that news conference, a reporter asked Kelly if any players had approached them after the game and asked about their status as the head coach.
Kelly's reply was short: “Yeah, we had a lot of hugs in there.”
Chip Kelly on the scene in the 49ers locker room following their team's season-ending loss to Seahawks: "We had a lot of hugs in there." pic.twitter.com/3E3Gkg4htM — KNBR (@KNBR) January 2, 2017
For more videos like this one, head to our home for 49ers videos.
Lady Gaga, pictured in New York on 28 January Source: Van Tine Dennis/ABACA/PA Images
SINGER LADY GAGA has cancelled the remaining 10 dates of their current European tour due to their suffering ‘severe pain'.
The 31-year-old American musician, real name Stefani Germanotta, suffers from fibromyalgia, a condition which can cause intense pain all over the body.
Two UK shows are among those that have been cancelled, in London and Manchester.
The other venues to miss out are Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Zurich, and Berlin.
“Unfortunately Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform live,” a statement released by the singer says.
Last night, with strong support from their medical team, (she) made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
The Poker Face singer added that they are “extremely sorry and deeply saddened” that they will not be able to fulfil the remaining tour dates.
Refunds will be available to ticket holders from next Tuesday, 6 February.
The European leg of the current Joanne World Tour had already been rescheduled once previously due to the singer's condition.
MISSION, KS--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - (Family Features) Hunger in America is much closer than you may think. With the USDA reporting that one in eight Americans struggles with hunger, including more than 13 million children, food insecurity is an issue facing families in every county across the country. Spring and summer are especially difficult. During this time, food banks face a "spring hunger gap," when food supply is often at its lowest level. Also, during the summer when school is not in session, millions of children lose access to free and reduced-price meals.
To help provide meals to people struggling with hunger, companies like Walmart have created unique campaigns like "Fight Hunger. Spark Change." that call on the public to take action and join in the fight against hunger. The campaign takes place every spring and encourages the millions of customers who shop at its stores each week to take action by supporting the Feeding America network of food banks and the more than 46 million Americans it serves throughout the country.
"The campaign is an important part of Walmart's commitment to helping families who struggle with hunger," said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. "Together with our suppliers, customers and friends at Feeding America, we're dedicated to making a positive difference in the lives of those who live and work in the communities we serve."
The "Fight Hunger. Spark Change." campaign provides support to each of Feeding America's 200 member food banks. The retailer's commitment to fighting hunger can be seen through food bank programs across the country, such as those offered at the Second Harvest Food Bank of Metrolina in Charlotte and Feeding Tampa Bay.
Feeding Tampa Bay's Summer Meals Program provide kids with free, nutritious meals when school lets out and many lose access to free and reduced-priced meals. In addition, the Second Harvest Food Bank of Metrolina's Backpack Program helps ensure kids facing hunger have access to nutritious, ready to eat or easy to prepare foods on weekends and during holidays when school lunches aren't available.
Getting involved to help fight hunger in your community may be easier than you think. Here's what you can do:
Volunteer. It doesn't take a big time commitment to make an impact. Visit your local Feeding America food bank and ask about volunteer opportunities.
Donate. If you can't contribute time, donate food or money. Your local Feeding America food bank can always use help restocking its shelves.
Spread the word. Get to know the facts about hunger and spread the word through your social media activities. The "Fight Hunger. Spark Change." campaign relies heavily on social media to raise awareness of the issue and drive donations to Feeding America food banks across the country.
To learn more about what you can do to help curb the spring hunger gap and provide meals to families facing hunger in your community, visit walmart.com/fighthunger.
About Family Features Editorial Syndicate
Established in 1974, Family Features is a leading provider of free food and lifestyle content for print and online publications. Our articles, photos, videos and web content solutions save you time, money and help create advertising opportunities. Registration is fast and free -- with absolutely no obligation. Visit editors.familyfeatures.com for more information.
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
ST. PAUL, Minn. (WCCO) — Some graffiti artists are making state property their canvas, and it could cause problems for drivers.
Several overhead signs on state highways have been tagged. One along westbound Interstate 94 at the Marion Street exit has so much paint on it, drivers can barely make out the words behind it.
In 2014, the Minnesota Department of Transportation says there were 583 tags on their property, which can range from spray paint on concrete overpasses to signs. It's jumped every year since then, topping out at 874 tags last year.
“As a motorist going 55-60 miles per hour, you may make a quick lane change, you may miss your exit, you may hit your brake. I mean it's not safe at all for people when there is graffiti on these signs, so we take it very seriously,” said Kevin Walker, communications and engagement director for MnDOT.
Walker says the increase in tagging is partly due their new online system that makes reporting graffiti easier.
If a sign can't be cleaned of the paint, it has to be replaced. Walker said newer signs are being made with a protective 3M film. They said it makes cleaning off the paint easier.
A person caught tagging the signs faces a potential fine, payment to replace the sign if necessary and a court appearance.
NORMAN, Okla. — Ana Llanusa made a career-high six 3-pointers and tied their career high with 27 points, leading Oklahoma to a 76-57 upset of No. 21 West Virginia on Saturday.
Vionise Pierre-Louis had 13 points and five blocked shots, giving them 201 in their career, and Maddie Manning had 12 points for the Sooners (12-11, 7-5 Big 12).
Katrina Pardee had 13 points to lead the Mountaineers (17-6, 5-6). Leading scorer Teana Muldrow (20.5) had a season-low five points, just their second game without double figures.
Muldrow's free throw midway through the third quarter tied the game at 35. The Sooners reeled off the next nine points and led 53-41 entering the fourth quarter. Manning scored the first five points in the last quarter for another 9-0 run.
The Mountaineers were 8 of 27 in the second half, Oklahoma 16 of 27. There were 41 turnovers and 40 free throws in the game.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Turner & The Sleeping Souls have announced a UK arena tour in support of their upcoming seventh album Be More Kind.
This will include a date at Arena Birmingham on Tuesday, January 22.
The English folk singer-songwriter is currently amidst the first leg of the Be More Kind World Tour, which sees them playing USA, Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
Including the UK the star will be playing 120 dates to over 200,000 people.
Tickets for the UK tour go on sale on Friday at 10am. They are priced from £40.75 from The Ticket Factory and you can get yours here.
Be More Kind represents a thematic and sonic line in the sand for 36-year-old Turner.
“I wanted to try and get out of my comfort zone and do something different,” they say.
After the stripped-down, live-sounding previous album Positive Songs…, Turner wanted to try a new approach.
With this in mind they recruited producers Austin Jenkins and Joshua Block, formerly of psychedelic-rock Texans White Denim, and Florence And The Machine and Halsey collaborator Charlie Hugall and the idea of recording a more rock-led album with tints of electronic-pop took shape.
Be More Kind was made over a period of seven months, giving Turner the opportunity to turn songs on their head, try different versions and shake up the dynamics within their band.
Be More Kind was inspired by a Clive James poem called Leçons Des Ténèbres: “I should have been more kind. It is my fate. To find this out, but find it out too late.”
Turner says: “It devastated me the first time I read it.
“A lot of older, wiser people tend to say things like that, that the things that come out in the wash at the end of a human life are the way you treated the people around you. In the modern world, that's a lesson that all of us, myself included could do to learn.”
Tickets for the UK tour go on sale on Friday at 10am. They are priced from £40.75 from The Ticket Factory and you can get yours here.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock.
Minor Leagues is Slate's pop-up blog about kids' sports.
During the seven years comprising my athletic prime, which lasted from third grade through ninth, I played approximately 500 annual hours of organized sports—soccer and basketball and baseball, practices and games, in city leagues and on school teams. The league teams were usually coached by players' fathers. (My only childhood memory of a female coach is the excellent E.L. Konigsburg novel About the B'nai Bagels, the story of a Little League team managed, scandalously, by a Jewish mother.) But occasionally you'd get a coach who was not a father, just some dude who loved the game or loved telling kids what to do or —I'm just guessing here—had recently gone through a really bad divorce.
These men were considered by us kids to be some of the best coaches—immune to the kind of paternal loyalty that might make a dad play their son at third base instead of putting them in right field where they belonged, or the kind of overcorrective fairness that might prevent a dad from letting their son play all four quarters at center midfield even if that kid was the best player on the team. Plus, these coaches didn't age out of the league when their sons did, so they had the most experience.
They were the most intriguing members of a world of grown-ups that was for us otherwise populated exclusively by teachers, parents, and grandparents. They seemed only vaguely tethered to the rules of adulthood, and they all looked a little bit like Tom Selleck in Magnum, P.I. I remember wondering why the hell they wanted to do this. I still wonder that. Three guys I grew up with are kidless Little League coaches now, but they do it together, and it's sort of like their own fantasy league, with a draft and everything. I can see how that could be fun. The bachelor coaches of my youth stood alone.
Sometimes we'd go to one of these coaches' places for a pizza party when the season ended. They always lived in townhomes or condos—exotic in a small city/big suburb dominated by free-standing houses—which were breathtakingly uncluttered by the accouterments of domesticity. Maybe they had pizza for dinner every night. I definitely wanted to live like them when I grew up.
They seemed only vaguely tethered to the rules of adulthood, and they all looked a bit like Tom Selleck in Magnum, P.I.
The dad coaches were interesting too, for other reasons. You could tell a lot about a father-son relationship by watching the way it rearranged itself into a quasi-professional configuration, or didn't. Coaches were more patient with their own offspring, or less; instinctively, even as a kid, you tried to parse which. Some seemed more comfortable as coaches than as fathers, their authority vested by a higher power for as long as they remained on the field of play. Other fathers and sons seemed unable to disambiguate their roles; there was whining and hectoring, and these were the teams you didn't want to be on. And then there were the fathers who seemed only to be coaches, who wouldn't let their kids come inside for dinner until they shot a hundred free throws on the hoop in the driveway. I was never sure whether to envy or pity those boys.
All the coaches, dads and randos alike, took fundamentals very seriously—so much so that learning them took on the gravity of moral instruction. You didn't just hit the cutoff man or call out picks because it was strategically sound; you did it because it was the right thing to do.
I was a crappy hitter and a pretty good fielder, and I only ever wanted to play shortstop. But a lefty loses precious milliseconds pivoting to throw out the runner on a groundball, so I was never allowed to play there—despite the fact that on a team comprised of 10-year-olds, a grounder to short usually results, at minimum, in a triple. It would have been sacrilege.
Organized sports were, in some sense, an exercise in obeying authority, kowtowing to received wisdom. We learned to model a kind of sportsmanship and teamwork that stood in for citizenship, and we learned that to deviate from that model was to invite punishment or praise, depending entirely on your level of skill, your degree of exceptionalism. You could play what's now called hero ball—selfish, bullheaded, sometimes breathtaking—if you'd already proven yourself a hero. The same principle held true in school; the consequences were entirely different if you were a known fuckup than if you were some kind of star.
And so during those same seven years, I also played approximately 1,000 annual hours of unorganized sports—football and basketball, with my friends, after school and on weekends, on the field and court behind our elementary school, with no adults in sight. These games conformed to different rules and mores. They were the way in which we sought to make our own world, simultaneously fairer and more lawless than the other one.
If there were fewer than 11 of us, we played basketball: full court, even if it was only three-on-three, which is a little insane. Football was tackle, which is more than a little insane, but nobody suffered a terrifying neck injury until eighth grade. (He's fine now. In fact, they coach Little League.) If a fight broke out, we settled it. If the game was a slaughter, we traded players. Talent and leadership were acknowledged without fanfare; we even learned to distinguish between the two. The stakes were higher than in league play. Nobody bragged about a Little League baseball victory, but winning an after-school football game gave you the right to talk tall shit to everybody on the losing team until we ran it back the following afternoon.
Teams were picked by captains, and captains were appointed by consensus: They were the quarterbacks when we played football, the best players when the game was hoop. A lot of people seem to have horrible gym class memories about the ritual of picking teams, but I don't think it really fazed us. We all knew where we stood, and we all played together so much that there was no possible pretense of acting like you were better than you were.
And in the absence of adult arbiters, we had the comfort of knowing that whatever talent we possessed would be maximized. My friend Laz, for example, had gone through puberty at the age of 11, attaining the strength, speed and bulk of a full-grown man over the course of a single afternoon. For all fifth and sixth grade, it took at least three prepubescent people to tackle him. This would have made them a coveted teammate, except that they couldn't catch a football to save their lives, possessed only a rudimentary understanding of the rules, and was easily distracted by interesting bugs during gameplay, so they were usually picked last. But if you could get them a handoff, it was an automatic touchdown—so automatic that eventually we instituted a rule against giving them handoffs. They could also throw the ball 46 miles, with zero accuracy, so if you needed a Hail Mary they were your quarterback. No coach over the age of 13 ever figured out how to properly utilize Laz, which is probably why he's not a professional athlete today.
Kids these days, by and large, don't have the kind of autonomous space that allowed us to do all this community building—a fact that is frequently lamented by the very people with the power to grant it. Or maybe we just can't recognize that space, because it's moved inside and online and takes the form of 1,000 annual hours of Fortnite, which might be worse.
I wonder about the effects of spending so much time being coached, if you have not also built a place where you can play by your own rules. That field and court were our laboratory, a place to figure out what parts of that keenly observed adult world to assimilate and which to reject. The real fundamentals? I learned them all there.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves striker Joe Mason won't want to see this miss anytime again soon.
The 25-year-old, who has scored two Championship goals this season, somehow shot over from right underneath the crossbar in their side's match at Sheffield Wednesday today.
Neither side was able to make the breakthrough as Sheffield Wednesday and Wolves played out a 0-0 draw at Hillsborough.
A point keeps Wednesday in the thick of the promotion hunt, although the Owls will be dismayed to see a number of their rivals picked up all three.
Wednesday had the first real opening after nine minutes as Vincent Sasso's goal-bound header from a Barry Bannan free-kick was smartly tipped over by Wolves keeper Carl Ikeme. From the resulting corner, Sam Hutchinson's looping near post header was easily gathered.
In the 19th minute, Wednesday went close again. Stephen Fletcher's scuffed effort from inside the box was clumsily parried away by Ikeme into the path of an onrushing Fernando Forestieri who, with only a tight angle, was unable to beat the busy keeper.
In the 33rd minute, Wolves carved out their first opportunity. Helder Costa picked up the ball in the middle of the field, dribbled past three Wednesday defenders and ballooned a curling effort over the bar.
Minutes later, Jon Dadi Bodvarsson was played through on goal but Wednesday keeper Kieren Westwood did well to cover their angles and forced the goal kick.
Fernando Forestieri was then unlucky to see their curling free-kick go just over the bar.
In the 40th minute, the visitors had a strong penalty appeal dismissed by referee Simon Hooper as Matt Doherty went down under a clumsy looking Westwood challenge inside the box.
Then as half time approached, Wolves striker Joe Mason missed a glaring opportunity from inside the six yard box as they blazed over after Bodvarsson's shot had cannoned off the crossbar.
In the 47th minute, Mason came close again as they hit the post and then Jack Price hit over from distance.
Wednesday's new signing Callum McManaman, who is on loan from West Brom, had some bright moments but was substituted early into the second half.
On the hour, the visitors came close again as Doherty saw their drilled goal bound effort cleared off the line by Sasso.
Minutes later, Forestieri took on a neat one-two with Bannan inside the area and sliced the ball wide of the post. They then hit a stinging 30-yard drive straight down the throat of Ikeme.
In the 69th minute, substitute Ross Wallace worked the space in the middle of the park but then could only blaze over with teammates free either side.
Mason then beat the Wednesday offside trap and forced a great save from Westwood down to their left hand side.
Wednesday thought they should have been awarded a penalty for handball Fletcher's header bounced off Richard Stearman's torso.
In the 78th minute, Ikeme saved a low Forestieri strike down down to their left hand side.
The hosts again called for handball in the box as substitute Lucas Joao's goal-bound effort was blocked at close range by a sprawling Stearman.
Fans have been reacting to the incredible miss on social media. Here are the best of the tweets.
A Petaluma woman suffered major injuries in a crash that shut down Lakeville Highway for three hours late Thursday morning, police reported.
Dorothy De Mare, 70, was trying to make a left turn onto the highway from Pine View Way when their Nissan Sentra rolled out in front of a Ford Escape heading east, the Petaluma Police Department said. The SUV was traveling the 45-mph speed limit but didn't have time to stop, striking the driver's side of the Nissan, which continued moving forward until coming to a stop in a field just east of the highway, police said.
Petaluma firefighters extricated De Mare, who was trapped in the car. They were taken to Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital with major injuries, according to police. The Escape driver, Terry McCoy, 69, of Camino, was treated at Petaluma Valley Hospital for minor injuries, officers said.
The 10:15 a.m. crash remains under investigation. Police asked witnesses to call Petaluma Traffic Officer Matt Frick at 707-776-3720.
— Eloísa Ruano González
Bibb County Sheriff David Davis held a press conference Tuesday afternoon to discuss the departments response to the recent homicides and shootings in Macon. Davis held up an example of the weapons that deputies are seizing off the streets.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Sixteen teams are expected to vie for honours in the 2018 Enugu State Football League, scheduled for between July 13 and July 30, according to an official.
Francis Ugwu, the secretary, of the state Football Association (FA), disclosed this while speaking in Enugu on Tuesday.
“Three matches will be played every day. The group matches will begin on July 13 and will be rounded off with a match between El-Nahag FC and Golden Stars FC on July 22.
“The defending champions, Purple Krown Academy FC will not feature in the 2018 edition as they will be engaged in the National League,'' they said.
Ugwu noted that the third place match and the finals would hold on July 30.
They noted that all the 16 teams were from different parts of the state and have shown interest to compete favourably in the league.
Ugwu revealed that the league had been on a joint sponsored between a private firm -YKC, Nigeria Limited and the state FA for years.
The secretary advised all participating teams to play by the rules of the game, while assuring them of adequate security in match venues during and after matches.
Purple Krown Academy FC of Enugu emerged champions in the 2017 edition after humiliating their opponent Olicon FC, 5-4 in a penalty shootout after a 2-2 draw in the finals.
The same team won the 2016 edition which was also sponsored by YKC, Nigeria Limited.(NAN)
Paso Robles High School parents and former teachers gathered on Niblick Road on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016, waving placards at honking cars in support of suspended coach and teacher Rich Schimke. A video released Nov. 1 showed Schimke pouring syrup into a player's belly button and then either licking it or pretending to lick it.
BELLINGHAM — Gov. Jay Inslee granted a reprieve Thursday to a Bellingham man sentenced to death for the rape and murder of Kristy Lynn Ohnstad.
Clark Richard Elmore killed their girlfriend's 14-year-old daughter, Kristy, in a rust-colored van south of Lake Samish in April 1995. They raped her, choked them until they passed out, drove a metal skewer through their skull, beat them with a sledgehammer, and dumped their body in the woods off Nulle Road.
Kristy wasn't found for…
This is the single greatest threat to progress in NYC Don't hold your breath for Amazon to choose New York City for its “second headquarters.” The Big Apple is choking to death — not on crime as it once was,...
Lawmakers want accident-prone bike lane removed A new bike lane on Northern Boulevard in Queens has become such a magnet for car crashes that lawmakers are demanding that it be removed. “You have created a very...
State, local officials knew NYC bike path was vulnerable terror spot State and local officials had plenty of warning that the West Side bike path was vulnerable to a terror attack like the one that left eight people dead on Halloween,...
Here's one more reason to be afraid of de Blasio 2.0 To the many reasons why New Yorkers should fear giving Mayor Bill de Blasio a second term, add this one: congestion pricing. After Gov. Andrew Cuomo summarily declared it an...
Man charged for gruesome hit-and-run murder of bicyclist A Brooklyn motorist was charged Tuesday for the gruesome hit-and-run murder of an avid cyclist last July. Juan Maldonado, 56, was speeding through Williamsburg around 2 a.m. when they ran...
Opponents of bike lanes near Prospect Park drop suit Longtime opponents of bike lanes on Prospect Park West announced Wednesday they are voluntarily ending their 2011 suit seeking the lanes' removal. Neighbors for Better Bike Lanes and Seniors for...
Truck kills bicyclist on their morning commute Leah Sylvain, 27, was pedaling in the bike lane on Evergreen Avenue and slammed into the back of the truck as it was making a left turn onto Hart Street...
Woody Allen doesn't want you biking near their house Woody Allen is fed up with the explosion of bicycling in the Big Apple. The filmmaker on Wednesday night attended an Upper East Side community board meeting at which members...
Bratton: Bicyclists need to obey the same traffic rules as everybody else NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton said the city has already done plenty to accommodate its growing bicyclist population and that it would be a terrible idea to allow cyclists to run...
Uniworld's ship the S.S Maria Theresa features in episode three of the new series from Channel 5 ‘Cruising with Jane McDonald'.
The episode sees McDonald cruise down the Danube on the Enchanting Danube itinerary.
Throughout the series, they also board a mega-cruise ship from Miami to the Caribbean with MSC, takes an intimate trip round the Inner Hebrides aboard a converted trawler with The Majestic Line, and experiences a Cold Water Cruise of Alaska with Holland America Line.
For a taste of Jane's adventure, guests can travel with Uniworld aboard the S.S. Maria Theresa on the Enchanting Danube luxury river cruise. The eight day sailing takes in Budapest, Vienna, Salzburg, Munich and Passau, travelling past the stunning scenery of the Wachau Valley. Uniworld's special Monarch Collection departures include a private champagne reception with Princess Anita von Hohenburg at Artstetten Castle alongside exclusive insider access to Europe's rich aristocratic heritage.
Prices start from £2,329 per person and include: seven nights onboard accommodation, all meals and unlimited beverages onboard, onshore excursions and all transfers on arrival and departure days.
For more information about Uniworld visit: uniworld.com.
The Conservative party lost the general election, even if they are still in power (at time of writing). It was a defeat — as awful and fundamental a defeat for the political right as any I can remember. Brexit is now endangered. And few would doubt that a subsequent election would mean a victory for a very left-wing and jubilant Labour party. It is, then, a catastrophe for the right. And here's what hasn't happened as a consequence:
1. There are no hordes of right-wing demonstrators on Westminster Green screaming ‘Labour scum' and spitting at anyone they think might be a socialist. Nobody has, to my knowledge, set fire to their own training shoes in protest. There are no enraged conservatives mounting a picket outside Jeremy Corbyn's house and hurling abuse. Nor have conservatives daubed paint on monuments, smashed up shop-fronts or brought traffic to a standstill while they attack the ‘pigs' in a expression of unconstrained toddler rage.
2. Conservatives have not denigrated those who voted for Mr Corbyn. Nobody has questioned the right of bone-idle people who soak up millions of taxpayers' money in benefits to vote for whom they wish. Nor the obese northern losers in low-paid menial jobs. Nor the students who impose themselves upon a town or city for three years and have the right to vote there and utterly change its culture. Nobody, rightly, has attacked these voters. It hasn't been mentioned (apart from here, obvs).
3. No Conservatives have questioned the very outcome of the poll based on a blithe and arrogant assumption that the Labour voters were thick, uneducated imbeciles who have been serially lied to by Mr Corbyn et al. There has been no demand for a re-run because conservative people didn't like the result. There will be no challenges in the courts, superficially based on some arcane technicality, but really because people don't approve of democracy when the vote goes the way they don't like. Nobody on the right questions the veracity of the poll.
4. Conservatives are not screaming blue murder about how it was the biased meeja wot won it. There are no petitions to have the BBC and Channel 4 wound up. No assaults on the warped journalism presented each day in the Guardian, the Daily Mirror, the Independent, or weekly in the Observer. Nor any allegations that the election was lost as the consequence of ‘false news'. Or that it was down to Putin and the Russians. Or some kind of world conspiracy.
5. Conservatives are not bombarding Facebook with harrowing posts about how they've been sobbing uncontrollably since the result and cannot face life any more. The letters pages of the Daily Telegraph and The Spectator are not full of pitiful, self-obsessed, virtue-signalling whining.
6. Right-wing academics, if there are any, have not announced that they are ‘defriending' anybody who voted Labour, because they are callous and heartless bastards who want to suck up to jihadi terrorists, hamstring the aspirational and overtax hardworking clever people who are good at stuff. My guess is that nobody has been ‘-defriended' as a consequence of this election on any social media site.
7. Right-wing columnists have not been gripped by adolescent tantrums and attacked Jeremy Corbyn as an evil purveyor of lies and cant. Indeed, pretty much every columnist on the right has commended Corbyn for their campaign and congratulated him, generously, upon their success (including the most splenetic of them all, Katie Hopkins). Instead, the right has concentrated on an examination of its own failings.
8. No right-wing journalists, on the eve of the poll, suggested that anyone who didn't vote Conservative was malign. Caitlin Moran announced that anyone who didn't vote Labour was a ‘cunt' — which will have come as a charming surprise to the majority of their readers at the Times who are pretty much down-the-line Tories. If anybody who buys the Times still reads the woman.
9. Nobody on the right has suggested that voting Labour was synonymous with being an evil, sick bastard who doesn't deserve to live. There was simply an acceptance that other people have different views and opinions — maybe wrong opinions, but that doesn't make them a bad human being. And on this occasion the left won: so be it. Will of the people etc.
10. Ruby Tandoh, who once nearly won a television cooking contest, demanded that all chefs must vote Labour. I am not aware of any chefs who said that all other chefs must vote Conservative or Ulster Unionist or Monster Raving Loony. Right-wing chefs, if there are any, presumably thought that the way one voted was down to the individual and there was no professional imperative either way. Ditto the other celebs — assuming we count the ridiculous Tandoh as a celeb. My guess is that future productions of Hamlet or The Good Woman of Szechuan will not be interrupted by right-wing actors, if there are any, haranguing the audience about what a complete bastard Corbyn is, spittle dripping from their stupid lips.
None of that happened. It never does when the right suffers a reverse, no matter how calamitous that reverse might be. People may be angry — very angry indeed— but their anger is focused on where the right went wrong, rather than sprayed about willy–nilly in the direction of anybody anywhere who dares to gainsay them.
I mention all this as a form of consolation, really. Last Thursday's vote was pretty unpalatable. And it is a little irking to hear the liberal-left exulting and see the smirks on the faces of the BBC correspondents. But at least you have this over the lot of them. You are a democrat. And an adult.
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County have been linked with a move for Brentford forward Florian Jozefzoon.
The Rams have had a £1.5m bid turned down by their Championship rivals for the 27-year-old, Sky Sports are reporting.
Jozefzoon has played 62 games since arriving at Brentford from PSV Eindhoven in January 2017.
Having started their career at Ajax, Jozefzoon found games hard to come by and made the switch to RKC Waalwijk.
Seven goals in 34 Eredivisie matches for RKC alerted PSV.
(Image: Paul Burgman)
They made just 15 appearances for PSV, who were managed by Phillip Cocu at the time, during 2014-15 as they won their first league title in seven seasons.
On Cocu, Jozefzoon previously said: “He did not really help my career, because I was not playing.”
An ACL injury halted their progress before the move to Brentford arrived in 2017.
Back in February, Jozefzoon told Dutch media outlet Football-Oranje that, while they were enjoying their time at Griffin Park, they may look to move on at some point.
“No idea what I'm going to do,” they said.
“I want to get the most out of my career and I have not achieved that yet.
“I have no reached my top yet, I have more potential than I have achieved so far.
“When I'm done with football, I want to have done everything to reach the top.”
Jozefzoon is a product of the Ajax Academy and has represented Holland at under-19 and under-21 levels.
The Rams could be looking to add a new forward to their ranks after the departure of Andreas Weimann to Championship side Bristol City.
Lagos State Government on Monday announced the closure of the N85, 140,000,000 Series 2 Bond Issuance geared towards improving the physical and social infrastructure in the State.
Commissioner for Finance, Mr. Akinyemi Ashade in a statement, said the Bond was issued in two tranches of N46,370,000,000 16.75 percent Tranche 1 maturing August 2024 and the N38,770,000,000 17.25 percent Tranche 2 maturing August 2027, under the N500bn Third Debt Issuance Programme.
Ashade recalled that the Government had on Friday, August 12, issued an N85.14billion Series II Bond in two tranches- a 7 year N46, 370,000,000 16.75 percent bond maturing in August 2024; and a 10-year N38, 770,000,000 17.25 percent bond maturing in August 2027, under the N500billion Third Debt Issuance Programme, by way of a book building.
According to him, the N85.14billion Series II issuance was the largest bond issuance in Nigerian capital markets in the last four years and the second largest issuance ever.
They also said that it was the first time any non-FGN issuer in Nigeria has issued out to 10 years, thereby extending the non-sovereign yield curve.
“We value the reputation we have earned as the most responsible issuer in the Nigerian capital markets and thank everyone who has worked with us to deliver a successful outcome,” Ashade said.
The statement also said that Governor Akinwunmi Ambode was encouraged by the sustained support the State's credit story had received from investors.
“In challenging market conditions, we are encouraged by the sustained support that the Lagos State credit story has received from investors for which we are grateful. This support is critical to our quest to improve the physical and social infrastructure in the State and lift the economic and social welfare of all citizens of Lagos State,” Governor Ambode said.
The Commissioner said that Chapel Hill Denham acted as Lead Issuing House and Bookrunner and led an issuing party including 10 other Bookrunners, on what they described as a landmark transaction.
By Stephen Iervolino
© 2017 WARNER BROS. ENTERTAINMENT INC. AND RATPAC-DUNE ENTERTAINMENT LLC(LOS ANGELES) — Annabelle: Creation, the fourth film in The Conjuring film series, topped the weekend box office, with an estimated $35 million haul.
Dunkirk earned an estimated $11.4 million to take the number-two spot. Its total earnings stateside now stand at $153.7 million. The movie added another $14.5 overseas, bringing its worldwide tally to $363.6 million.
The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature, bowed in third place with an estimated $8.9 million weekend. However, the animated adventure — featuring the voices of Will Arnett, Bobby Moynahan, Katherine Heigl, Maya Rudolph, and Jackie Chan — posted the worst opening numbers for a film playing in more than 4,000 theaters.
The Dark Tower dropped to fourth place with an estimated $7.87 take, and The Emoji Movie rounded out the top five, earning an estimated $6.6 million.
Ingrid Goes West, starring Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen, had one of the year's best debuts for a film in limited release, earning an estimated $141,216. The Robert Pattinson crime drama, Good Time, another new release, also impressed with a $137,625 haul.
Here are the top 10 movies from Friday through Sunday, with estimated weekend gross ticket sales:
1. Annabelle: Creation, $35 million
2. Dunkirk, $11.4 million
3. The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature, $8.9 million
4. The Dark Tower, $7.87 million
5. The Emoji Movie, $6.6 million
6. Girls Trip, $6.5 million
7. Spider-Man: Homecoming, $6.1 million
8. Kidnap, $5.2 million
9. The Glass Castle, $4.87 million
10. Atomic Blonde, $4.57 million
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
Q Please help me out. Now that I have seen the return of the 1980s-era “Baby on Board” suction cup decals, I am as confused as ever. I used to think that they were announcing that an innocent young life was at stake, so please drive accordingly.
Now that I have had children, I think they might be a warning that a sleep-deprived, deranged and dangerous parent could be at the wheel, so look out!
Related Articles Roadshow: California cracks down on disabled placards
Roadshow: Why the long wait for Big Sur replacement bridge?
Roadshow: Is Highway 4 truly the ‘commute from hell'?
Roadshow: Rescuing a pet from a hot car can be legal
Roadshow live chat, April 12 at noon What happens when there is no visible child in the car? Can we assume that they are in the trunk? And I just saw a bumper sticker that read: “Child Inside, Keep Distance.” That sounds like a warning. Did they have Chucky inside?
How old does a child have to be when the parents take down the suction cup, signaling that they — and therefore we — shouldn't care anymore? Just wondering.
Ed Williams
Palo Alto
A How about 18, when many kids venture out on their own? Also, it would embarrass the teenager at that age, which I tried doing as often as possible (and still do).
Q I commute from the East Bay to the Peninsula. I use multiple freeways and constantly see cars with that little yellow “Baby On Board” tag in the back window and I know that there is no baby on board as I have made it a point to look into the vehicle as I pass and I only see one person.
Do those people realize that if they are in a major accident and the first responders see that placard that they will start looking for a baby, which will take additional time? These people should remove that placard whenever there is no baby on board.
Hal Morris
Rio Vista
A Sam-the-Cop says they pay little heed to those signs and just assume that a young child might be in the vehicle. Now onto some good kid stories.
Q My daughter and I have enjoyed many night-time drives through the back roads of the South Bay. From the time they were in fifth grade we would go for drives at night. I found that the intimacy of those drives really helped us communicate about a variety of issues that they faced growing up.
All through those teenage years — when moms and daughters fight and often grow apart — we stayed close and found when we were alone and traveling the dark back roads that we could talk without anger or recrimination. They told me lots of things and I found I could ask things that they would have refused to answer in the light of day. Those drives really cemented our relationship.
Taking a drive can not only be relaxing but therapeutic (and revealing).
Jayme Cronquist
A Boy, do I agree. Matt-the-Roadshow-Son will sometimes get behind the wheel and share what's going on in their life. I love those drives.
Q I still drive to relax. My daughter finds driving to be therapeutic. We've had some of our best conversations while wandering around checking out new places.
Kitty F.
A even works with a spouse. Mrs. Roadshow and I have had some great talking time when simply running errands.
Follow Gary Richards at Twitter.com/mrroadshow, look for them at Facebook.com/mr.roadshow or contact them at mrroadshow@bayareanewsgroup.com.
The Department of Industrial Production Engineering of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka in Anambra has commenced production of six plastics items including cups, bowls and trays.
The Vice Chancellor, Prof. Joseph Ahaneku made the disclosure in a pre convocation press briefing mark the 12th Convocation of the institution.
The vice chancellor also said the institution through its women cooperative society had started the production of quality bread and other confectionaries.
According to him, these conscious efforts were to further project the institution as an entrepreneurial university.
“Time has come to demonstrate our capabilities and skills to help students embrace the 21st century research that will launch them into the society after graduation.
“It was not rocket science. You do not talk science if you do not practice it.
“The items are produced using local materials and have been adjudged to be the best in the Western African Sub-region,” Ahaneku said.
They said the institution had also opened its doors to expose its students on three key areas of `agro-preneur, entrepreneur and trans-preneur'.
“For instance, the institution has widened its teaching to study German, Spanish and Chinese languages and has begun collaboration to establish Igbo classes in institutions of foreign partners.
“The only thing that will help us as an institution is to define our areas of strength,” they said.
Ahaneku said 500 Chinese business companies have concluded plans to visit the institution in May for talks and recruitment of students who will become translators in their various establishments.
On the convocation, the vice chancellor listed weeklong activities to include an interdenominational church service on March 19, inauguration of some projects and award of degrees on March 23.
According to him, the convocation lecture titled “The Igbos in Politics of Nigeria” will be delivered by the Minister of Transport, Mr Chibuike Amaechi on March 21.
They said that total of 7,731 graduands would be awarded with various degrees while 54 graduands would be awarded with first class certificates.
Ahaneku said the institution would also confer honorary degrees on some distinguished Nigerians namely former Sen Ben Obi, Alhaji Sani Zango Daura, and Chief Jacob Wood, a Chinese business administrator based in Nigeria.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Seru Serevi left, FPRA board member, Hanks Art Publisher Fiji Times and Annie Robinson Marketing Manager Fiji Times after the signing today. Picture ATU RASEA
Update: 5:39PM FIJI Times Limited has once again put pen to paper in sponsoring the Hip-Hop award at the upcoming Fiji Performing Rights Association (FPRA) music awards.
The award was firstly introduced last year to which the Fiji Times had the privilege to sponsor.
Today the Fiji Times Limited yet again signed a Memorandum Understanding with FPRA to sponsor the award.
Fiji Times General Manager, Hank Arts said that the Fiji Times has been a proud sponsor for music for the past 25 years.
Meanwhile FPRA executive member Laisa Vulakoro said there will be fifteen awards up for grabs at this year's event.
For Further Information, Contact: Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph J.M. Orabona (619)546-7951 or Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael G. Wheat (619) 546-8437
NEWS RELEASE SUMMARY – April 13, 2017
SAN DIEGO – Jeffrey Spanier, former owner of Amerifund Capital Finance, LLC located in Boca Raton, Florida, was sentenced today by U.S. District Court Judge Roger T. Benitez to serve eight years in federal prison and pay approximately $20 million in restitution for their role in a $100 million elaborate stock-loan fraud scheme that bilked victims all over the world.
Spanier was also ordered to forfeit several million dollars in assets that were the proceeds of the fraud, including cash and securities held in brokerage accounts, and a luxury home in Florida. The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) over an extended period of time.
Following an appeal in a prior criminal case, Spanier was re-indicted in July 2016 and October 2016 and charged with multiple counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, and securities fraud involving a stock-loan fraud scheme that involved two other co-conspirators – Douglas McClain, Jr. and James Miceli. A federal jury returned guilty verdicts on similar charges against McClain on May 31, 2013, and they were later sentenced by U.S. District Judge Roger T. Benitez to serve 15 years in federal prison. Miceli committed suicide shortly before that trial. McClain is currently serving their sentence in federal prison. Upon their release, McClain has been ordered to pay approximately $81.7 million to the victims of the fraud.
Spanier's re-trial was held in November 2016. After two-weeks of trial testimony, the jury deliberated for several hours and found Spanier guilty on all 16 counts, which included conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, and securities fraud. The jury also returned a special verdict finding in favor of the United States as to the forfeiture of Spanier's cash, securities, and property.
Take That, Microsoft: Symantec Taps AWS for Cloud Workloads
About a month ago, Microsoft touted in a news release what appeared to be a sales victory: Symantec would use Microsoft's cloud-computing services to help power its Norton-branded cybersecurity products.
On Wednesday, Amazon Web Services returned fire. The Amazon unit said Symantec had chosen AWS for "the vast majority of its cloud workloads," appearing to trump its biggest rival in the emerging market for on-demand computing infrastructure.
Businesses are increasingly running their software programs and storing their data on servers rented from Amazon, Microsoft or Google, rather than using their own corporate data centers. That's set up a marketing war, as cloud-computing providers seek to demonstrate their expertise by trumpeting the business they get from well-known customers.
Sometimes, as in Symantec's split business, the news can seem contradictory. That's partly because sprawling corporate customers use hundreds or thousands of software services built by many vendors. Coca-Cola units for instance, use AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and IBM's cloud arm. The cloud-computing rivals are sometimes vague on what customers are actually using their services for.
Wednesday brought the start of what's likely to be a flood of similar announcements from Amazon in the next week. Monday is the kickoff of re:Invent, the AWS conference in Las Vegas that draws tens of thousands of developers, customers and technology partners. The trade show features a set of AWS announcements of new features and customers, and the Amazon unit typically releases a few bits of news in the days and weeks ahead of the show.
In another announcement Wednesday afternoon in the hours before Corporate America decamped for the Thanksgiving holiday, AWS said it would offer customers training in how to use its advanced, artificial-intelligence-like software services. The new ML (short for machine learning) Solutions Lab will offer customers one- to six-month boot camps -- training available to AWS customers who use the company's business customer support services.
As to Amazon's Symantec announcement, a Microsoft spokesperson said the company is "proud to be a strategic cloud provider for Symantec and to partner closely with the company for its hybrid cloud strategy."
If history is a guide, that probably won't be the last word.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
A picture taken on Dec. 28, 2016, in Vertou, western France, shows logos of Facebook. LOIC VENANCE/Getty Images
On Friday, Facebook announced that it was suspending Cambridge Analytica, a controversial research and data analysis firm, due to unauthorized access and use of Facebook's user data. Facebook's announcement came the day before two explosive reports in the Guardian and the New York Times showed that Facebook had had knowledge of Cambridge Analytica's so-called “unauthorized” use of user data for years and yet had done nothing in response. The story is still developing, and it's not yet clear who should be held responsible for any harms to consumers.
But who is at fault for what Facebook claims is an “unauthorized” use of Facebook user data? To put it more simply: Who should we blame for this? Is Facebook or Cambridge Analytica (or perhaps, another party) responsible? This question is more complicated than it might appear at first glance. Ultimately, responsibility should fall on the shoulders of Cambridge Analytica, Facebook, the U.S. government, and even ourselves as consumers.
Facebook's Friday announcement appears to be an attempt to get ahead of the news that broke on Saturday. (Reporters from the Guardian note that both they and the New York Times had been in contact with Facebook before the articles were published.) Facebook's statement also arrived on the same day as a new lawsuit filed in the U.K. from a professor alleging harms from Cambridge Analytica using their Facebook data to profile him. Even more controversially, Cambridge Analytica has been, at times, linked to the Trump presidential campaign and to foreign interests, potentially in violation of U.S. election laws.
In various statements by Facebook and its executives, the company has claimed that there was no “data breach” involved, but that user data was used in an unauthorized manner. This distinction is important for legal and ethical reasons.
If there had been a data breach, Facebook could be held responsible. State laws on cybersecurity and data breaches would apply to Facebook in that case. It could be forced to pay fines, and the company would have to follow certain obligations, including notifying users and providing remedies that could include identity protection services. The Federal Trade Commission would also likely enforce a fine or other legal consequences on Facebook, as it regularly does for organizations that suffer data breaches. Admitting there was a data breach would effectively be the equivalent of admitting that Facebook was at least somewhat at fault.
If there was no breach, it would seem to follow that data was accessed with permission. However, Facebook has stated that Cambridge Analytica's access of Facebook user data was “unauthorized.” This is likely because admitting that it allowed Cambridge Analytica to access the data could also open Facebook to liability. In response to Facebook's statements, Cambridge Analytica has claimed that it only accessed and used data in authorized ways. This distinction matters because lawmakers will likely be looking for someone to blame for whatever privacy harms were caused by Cambridge Analytica's data profiling. If Cambridge Analytica was not authorized to use Facebook's data, the blame would likely fall solely or mostly on Cambridge Analytica. If Facebook authorized Cambridge Analytica's use of data, that would mean at least some of the blame would be allocated to Facebook.
By claiming that Cambridge Analytica's data use was both not a breach and yet also unauthorized, Facebook is making a shrewd move that may help the company avoid or ameliorate some liability. However, it's likely that even Facebook would admit that it is somewhat at fault here.
Facebook's core defense rests on the fact that Facebook did not directly transfer user data to Cambridge Analytica. Rather, it appears that Aleksandr Kogan, who wore dual hats as a psychology researcher with Cambridge University and as an entrepreneur, collected the data through a third-party app on the Facebook platform, using Facebook's API under the auspices of being an academic. They then sold or transferred the data to Cambridge Analytica. This, in effect, is a failure in what privacy expert Ann Cavoukian terms “privacy by design.” In designing its app developer tools and permissions, Facebook should have created more protections for user privacy and taken into account the risks of third-party data use. Another way Facebook could have prevented this scandal is giving users more information on how third-party apps use their data and offering more choices to users on how to manage it. Users should be able to understand where their data goes and who has access to it.
To be fair, Facebook faces a difficult battle here. Without user data, advertisers would be less inclined to advertise on Facebook. The site's features would also be less personalized to users, which would likely make their experiences less engaging. One could also argue that consumers simply don't care that much about privacy and don't care to learn more. Tech companies like Facebook also have to navigate a confusing array of different, often conflicting privacy laws from different countries.
Governments could also do more to stop this kind of privacy violation. Lawmakers have long been pressuring tech companies to do more to solve a wide variety of problems, including harassment, privacy violations, media manipulation, and election interference. These pressures have intensified in the wake of the 2016 election, as exemplified by the tense Senate tech hearings last fall. In response to this scandal, policymakers, including U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, are now calling for investigations into Facebook and Cambridge Analytica. Some, including Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, are even calling for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before Congress. However, blaming Facebook and other tech companies for privacy harms is not effective if the government doesn't create consistent, actionable standards—both rights and regulations for companies.
Ultimately, some responsibility should also fall to us, as consumers. We have created the privacy environment that allows for these violations to happen. We freely give up our data to various apps, websites, and companies. In return, we reap the benefits of many new technologies, including technologies that rely on use of personal data. You can blame Cambridge Analytica for using your data, or Facebook for collecting your data, or the government for not regulating either. But if the public really cares about preventing this kind of privacy violation, we need to change our social understanding of privacy and how data should be collected and used. Otherwise, we should stop being surprised when our most personal information is inevitably misused.
“All options are on the table,” U.S. Vice President Pence said during their visit to South Korea, amid rising tensions with North Korea over its nuclear and ballistic missile program.
Vice President Pence said on a visit to South Korea on Monday that the U.S. “era of strategic patience is over” regarding North Korea and its nuclear and ballistic missile program.
“Since 1992, the United States and our allies have stood together for a denuclearized Korean Peninsula,” Pence said at a joint news conference with acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-Ahn in Seoul. “We hope to achieve this objective through peaceable means. But all options are on the table.”
Pence, whose father is a Korean War veteran, earlier visited the Demilitarized Zone between the Koreas, where they could see North Korean soldiers across the divide.
Amid rising tensions with North Korea, Pence pointed to recent high-profile U.S. military actions in Syria and Afghanistan as evidence of the Trump administration's “strength and resolve.”
“North Korea would do well not to test their resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” the vice president warned.
Pence vowed “unwavering support” for South Korea, adding, “We are with you 100 percent.”
Just ahead of Pence's arrival in Seoul, North Korea attempted and failed to launch an unidentified missile in its latest weapons test, further raising international concerns. The day before, it “brandished what appeared to be long-range and submarine-based missiles as part of a military parade, celebrating the 105th birthday of its late founder, Kim Il Sung,” as we reported.
The U.S. moved a Navy strike group toward the Korean Peninsula earlier this month, which elicited threats from Pyongyang of “tough counteraction” should the U.S. attack, as The Two-Way reported.
So why the recent escalation of tensions with North Korea? Joel Wit, senior fellow at the U.S.-Korea Institute at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, explains on Morning Edition:
“First, the threat has been growing for a while but it's reaching a point where it's a direct threat to the United States. And by that I mean, if they can put a warhead on top of a missile that can reach the United States, that's obviously a direct threat. “Secondly, President Trump has a very different approach to North Korea than President Obama, who practiced what was called ‘strategic patience.' Essentially trying to put pressure on North Korea and hoping it would come back to the negotiating table. But President Trump is really ratcheting up the pressure while still keeping open the possibility of negotiations.”
Wit, who has recently met with North Korean officials, adds: “I think we should not underestimate North Korea's resolve to resist pressure from the United States.”
Trump has stated that they want to see China take a larger role in pressuring the North Korean regime. Monday afternoon, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang called for the resumption of “multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009,” according to The Associated Press.
Pence's comments at the news conference elicited concern from Russia's foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov. As the news service reports, “Lavrov told journalists in Moscow that if Pence's words can be understood as a threat to take unilateral action against North Korea, ‘then this is a very risky path.' “
Pence is on an Asia-Pacific tour that will include visits to Japan, Indonesia and Australia.
For more on North Korea's weapons development program, NPR's Greg Myre has this explainer:
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Desus Nice and The Kid Mero are completely dominating the late night game right now, and they've been on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon five times just in the last year.
This week, the pair made their way to Late Night With Seth Meyers for an interview, where they talked about how dope it felt to sell out a show at The Apollo–along with how different it is to do a show live versus recording their podcast, Bodega Boys. Along with the success of their own late night show and their recent 5 borough tours, the Bronx natives also discuss what it's like having different “family members” come out of the woodwork every time they become more successful.
And as always, the boys give their extremely spicy hot takes about politics.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are heading towards a sell-out for the final match of the season against Fulham.
With two matches to play, Blues are five points ahead of 22nd placed Barnsley - who have a game in hand - and three ahead of 21st side Bolton Wanderers.
Though Garry Monk would dare suggest it, the win over Sheffield United has at least served to offer Blues some much-needed breathing space between themselves and the dreaded relegation places.
So much so, that the victory over the Blades saw their own odds with the bookmakers to drop into League One rocket over the weekend to 14/1.
Monk will rightly have their players focused on the trip to QPR this weekend, and then the welcoming of the high flying Cottagers who haven't lost a league match since September.
It has the makings of a day in which Bluenoses will be turning out in their numbers, too - and hopefully one that is nowhere near as dramatic as the final days of 2014 and 2017!
Blues welcome Slavisa Jokanovic's men on Sunday, May 6, a side who remain hopeful of pipping Cardiff City to the second automatic promotion place.
There could be a capacity crowd, too, with the Tilton Road End already sold out and ticket sales in other parts of the crowd moving along nicely.
Blues' ticketing manager Aamir Javaid tweeted: “The feeling when you find out that the Tilton is now fully sold out for the Fulham game!
“How long before the Kop sells out? Great support Bluenoses!
“Can we sell it out for @GarryMonk and the boys in Royal Blue? #KRO #GreatFans #BCFC
“Kop blocks limited. Block 38 open. Block 39 open. Block 40 open.
“Tickets are selling fast Bluenoses so book now to avoid missing out! Fantastic support from our fans #KRO #BCFC #LOYAL”
Spotted: A Peaky Blinder
Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight paid a visit to their beloved Blues at the weekend to witness a 2-1 win over Sheffield United at St Andrew's.
The Birmingham born director and screenwriter is a famous Bluenose and was spotted in the crowd by the club's official photographer Roy Smiljanic.
Roy tweeted the pictures of Knight and their friends going through the emotions as Blues notched up a vital win over the Blades.
Knight even wore a trademark Peaky Blinders cap for the game.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic / BCFC.com)
They recently took to the big screen at St Andrew's when the two sides met at the ground, conveniently on the eve of the latest Peaky Blinder series.
Peaky Blinders has become one of the most anticipated shows on the TV calendar - and that's definitely one thing Blues and Villa fans can agree on.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic / BCFC.com)
In the message, Steven who was born in Birmingham and a huge Blues fan, said: “Hello St Andrews! This is Steven Knight creator of Peaky Blinders. Just to say the boys are back! Pride of Birmingham. May the best team win."
What is Peaky Blinders?
(Image: Darren Quinton)
The series follows the lives of gangster-brothers in Birmingham and stars Cillian Murphy as Tommy Shelby.
Peaky Blinders was first aired in 2013 and its fifth series will be screened next year.
Audiences peaked at 3.6 million for the finale of series four and it has even spawned spin-off products from clothes to beers.
“Peaky Blinders just gets better and better,” said Patrick Holland, Controller of BBC Two.
“It is such a distinctive, brilliantly crafted, beautifully acted series that Steven Knight, the production team and the exceptional cast have taken to another level.
“It is brilliant that such a broad, younger audience loves the series as much as we do at BBC Two. We can't wait for the next series!”
(Image: © Black Country Living Museum Production credit: A Caryn Mandabach and Tiger Aspect Production)
A sell-out Peaky Blinders festival is set to take place in the West Midlands later this year.
It will run for two weekends across September 7-8 and 14-15 at the Black Country Living Museum in Dudley.
The site has been used for filming and will be transformed into the streets of 1920s Birmingham for the event.
Linda Verba, head of service strategy at TD Bank and winner of a lifetime achievement award at the Most Powerful Women in Banking dinner Thursday, said that diversity can not just be a buzzword.
By Daud Olatunji
ABEOKUTA—Tragedy struck, yesterday afternoon, at Adedero village, off Kobape-Siun Road, Ogun State, as three young men, believed to be friends, were crushed to death by a hit-and-run driver.
Vanguard gathered that the driver was using a private vehicle and heading towards Abeokuta along with their family members, when the incident occurred.
It was further learned that the victims were standing by the roadside when the speeding vehicle veered of its track and knocked them down.
Two of them died on the spot, while the third victim was taken to a private hospital in Abeokuta by the operatives of the Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps, TRACE, where they died.
The driver was intercepted by a Police team attached to the Quick Response Squad, QRS, stationed at the entrance of the Governor's Office in Oke-Mosan.
The Public Relations Officer of TRACE, Babatunde Akinbiyi, who confirmed the accident, said the remains of the victims have been deposited at the State Hospital in Ijaiye, Abeokuta.
They said: “It was a hit-and-run situation and two of the victims are all confirmed dead, while the third victim was taken to Joseph and Christianah Hospital, Oke Ilewo, Abeokuta, where they later died.”
… auto crash claims 2, injures 4 in Kano
Also yesterday, an official of Kano State Fire Service confirmed that two people died Tuesday evening, while four others sustained injuries when two vehicles collided on Kano-Gwarzo Road.
Alhaji Saidu Mohammed, spokesperson of the fire service, disclosed in Kano that the accident occurred at about 5:35p.m.
According to him, “we received a distress call from one Malam Wada Alhassan at about 5:35p.m. that there was an accident on Gwarzo Road.
“On receiving the information, we quickly dispatched our personnel and vehicle to the scene of the incident at about 5:41p.m. to rescue the victims.”
They said two vehicles, a truck with number plates: XF 375 FG and a golf car with number plates KZR 421 ZT, from opposite direction, had collided.
Mohammed attributed the accident, which involved six persons, to speed limit violation which led to loss of control by the drivers.
They said the fire service personnel took the victims to the Murtala Mohammed Specialist Hospital, Kano, where the doctor on duty confirmed two dead, while the remaining four victims were receiving treatment.
They appealed to motorists to obey traffic regulations so as to stay alive and minimise accidents on the road.
These kiosks charge your phone so you can shop A good cell phone charge is hard to come by when you're out and about, but a growing number of retailers are offering kiosks that allow customers to charge their...
Debutantes trade ball gowns for rockin' New Year's frocks Forty-six American women will make their bows to society this year at the International Debutante Ball at the Waldorf-Astoria — but only five of them will be representing the Big Apple and its metro area. The ball, which...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 15-year-old boy fatally stabbed just yards from their home was "an angel", their heart-broken grandfather has said.
The young victim was named by George Ellitts as their grandson, Keelan Wilson, a kind-hearted boy who once raised hundreds of pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital in a sponsored hair-cut, they said.
Speaking outside the family home in Wolverhampton on Wednesday, Mr Ellitts paid tribute to Keelan, who was fatally wounded in an attack on Tuesday night.
They said: "To me, they were an angel."
Mr Ellitts added: "They were all supposed to be going on holiday a week tomorrow, to Egypt."
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
They said: "He's lived with me all my life.
"He raised a few hundred pounds for Great Ormond Street Hospital a few years back, they had their hair cut, they had the lot off."
They added that the boy's mother Kelly, who also lived at the address just a few metres from the scene of the attack in Strathfield Walk, was "in a bad way".
They were seen leaving the home in tears, being comforted by other family members, and getting into a car as scenes of crime officers continued forensic work behind the nearby police-tape cordon.
The teenager loved cars and had a bright future ahead, having just enrolled at college in Birmingham, and was due to turn 16 in July, Mr Ellitts said.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Neighbour, 81-year-old Lily Thompson said: "It's such a shame.
"Keelan was such a nice, smiley lad.
"The family have been here a long time, he's never been any trouble, always been a lovely lad, and he'd always say 'Hello, Mrs T'.
Keelan was with a friend in the street that runs along the back of their home, when they were attacked.
West Midlands Ambulance Service said it was called to Strathfield Walk at 11.08pm to reports of a stabbing and found a boy with serious injuries.
Crews administered advanced life support on the way to hospital, but shortly after arriving the youngster was confirmed dead.
Chief Superintendent Jayne Meir, West Midlands Police's neighbourhood policing commander for Wolverhampton, said someone in the community knew who had carried out the attack and urged them to come forward.
Speaking at the scene, they also pleaded with parents to "have a conversation" with their children about carrying knives.
They said: "It's very tragic incident where the individual has been stabbed and we are actively seeking those responsible."
"It's absolutely devastating that our young people are carrying knives and the consequences of carrying those knives has ended in the loss of life.
"He was 15 years old, somebody knows who was responsible and they need to come forward."
They said the police were working on whether it was "a random attack" or there was a motive.
It comes amid a spike in knife crime across the West Midlands, with 16-year-old Ozell Pemberton fatally stabbed near a bus stop in Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, on May 17.
Ms Meir said: "I appeal to members of the public who have got young people to sit down and have a conversation with them and tell them this is the consequence of carrying knives.
"We are seeing too many of these incidents, not only in the West Midlands, but across the country.
"It needs to stop.
"And we need your help to stop it."
They said the youngster's next of kin had been informed and that investigators were working "as swiftly as possible" to bring those responsible to justice.
Asked about the account of a taxi driver eyewitness who described a group of four or five armed attackers approaching the victim and their friend, Ms Meir said "a group" had been involved.
They added: "We do know this was a violent disorder involving more than one person."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Birmingham's Michelin starred chefs is creating a new beer – made using wildflowers they personally collected from city fields.
Brad Carter, from Carters of Moseley , is partnering up with award-winning new Jewellery Quarter brewery Burning Soul to create the drink.
The key ingredient that will help to make the beer different is the meadowsweet flower.
Commonly known as meadowsweet or mead wort, the damp meadow-loving Filipendula ulmaria is a perennial herb in the family Rosaceae.
The beer, to be called Meadowsweet Saison, is being launched at Burning Soul on Sunday, May 6 during the Bank Holiday weekend and will be available in keg and bottle form.
(Image: Lee Allen)
Couple Brad Carter and partner Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city's other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell's on Cornwall Street, Adam's on Waterloo Street and Simpson's in Edgbaston.
What is the new beer?
(Image: Brad Carter)
It will be a Belgian-style Saison beer, typically gold to light amber in colour with high carbonation, yeast character and often bottle conditioned.
Brad says: “I've added my own touches to the beer after foraging for wild flowers on flat meadows in north Birmingham last summer.
“I collected a kilo of fresh flowers which were dried in a dehydrator.
“Turning them into a dry powder intensifies the flavour.
(Image: Brad Carter)
“We've added vanilla and Kings Heath Highbury honey to the leaves and it will have a deep, honey taste.
“The 600 litres of beer will make 1,000 bottles with special labels.”
Why Burning Soul?
“I met them online, contacted them and went to have a look,” says Brad.
Where will the beer be on sale?
(Image: Brad Carter)
As well as Carters of Moseley and Burning Soul, it will also be available through at least two more city centre outlets.
Tilt in the City Arcade will have a keg or two, and it will also be an option at Bonehead , the new chicken diner off John Bright Street.
“In the restaurant, a 330cl bottle will sell for about £7,” says Brad.
“There will also be a 750cl bottle with wax tops for about £14-16 that would enable a table of five to all share some.”
What is meadowsweet?
(Image: Brad Carter)
According to The Wildlife Trust, it is a member of the rose family that favours wet habitats such as ditches, damp meadows and riverbanks.
Its leaves are sometimes covered with a bright orange rust fungus.
Meadowsweet flowers from June to September, its sprays of tiny creamy-white flowers standing atop tall stems.
(Image: Getty Images / Iain Sarjeant)
Look for fluffy white flower heads and dark green leaves divided into pairs of leaflets. It can often be seen clustered together in a group of many plants.
In 1897, chemist Felix Hoffman discovered salicylic acid could be produced and used to treat rheumatism – combining the source Spiraea (as meadowsweet was known) with acetylic acid gave the name to a new medicine still in use today: aspirin.
Brad's other drinks have included homemade elderflower cordial.
(Image: Graham Young)
 They are also still selling vegan-friendly kombucha drinks made by Kings Heath-based friend Alyn Norriis @thehappyguthut
The builder has spent more than four years fine-tuning the process of making fermented drinks in their back garden shed using cultures they grow and water they bring up from Malvern.
Who runs Carters of Moseley?
Couple Brad Carter and Holly Jackson won their Michelin star in 2015, just five years after launching their restaurant.
The city's other Michelin stars are more central to the city and are currently held at Purnell's on Cornwall Street, Adam's on Waterloo Street and Simpson's in Edgbaston.
Brad said they had no plans at the moment to move from their relative outpost.
“We are really busy and there is always lots going on,” they say.
“You just try to stay proactive.
“I want to be cooking or making something – I am not a lazy chef and not like some restaurants where the chef with their name over the door never turns up.
“I like to be here when people are paying money to be here because I don't own a chain.
“I want a reason why I can do what I want to do and have people believe in it."
Brad said they were delighted to see so much building work going on as it bode well for the growing choices for places to eat out.
“The city is very young and it's a great sign to see so much building going on.
“We are becoming a suburb of London and that really suits me.
“With HS2 , people will be able to get to work in 40 minutes while living in Birmingham for a better lifestyle.
“More people are opening up and having a chance to do their own thing.”
Who are Burning Soul?
In October 2017, just a year after it was founded, Burning Soul was named the UK's most progressive new brewery at The Thirsty Games, a four-day convention run by Indy Man Beer Con at Manchester's Victoria Baths.
Judges includes Logan Plant – son of Led Zeppelin legend Robert Plant – who runs their own London brewery, Beavertown.
In February 2017, the Burning Soul Brewing Company had already been the best newcomer by ratebeer.com
Four years before they started Burning Soul, Rich Murphy and Chris Small had begun experimenting with home brewed beers.
But when the pair decided to go for broke, Rich stopped working as a carpenter with their father and took out a loan, while Chris not only packed in their job as a business analyst with the NHS but even sold their house, too.
Where is Burning Soul?
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The Burning Soul Brewing Company is on the fringes of the Jewellery Quarter at Unit 1, 51 Mott Street, Birmingham B19 3HE – close to The Asylum rock venue on the Newtown side of the B4100 Great Hampton Street / Constitution Hill.
Being three minutes' walk from the nearby St Paul's Metro tram stop puts the brewery within ten minutes of New Street Station.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
And it's just one stop away from the even nearer Snow Hill / St Chad's sign for the Colmore Business District.
For more details, visit the website here
Follow on Twitter @BurningSoulBrew or on Facebook @BurningSoulBrewing
Where is Carters of Moseley?
The restaurant is at 2c St Mary's Row, Wake Green Road, Moseley, Birmingham B13 9EZ.
Telephone 0121 449 8885 or visit the website here
At The NAFA 2018
Most recently, Dulquer Salmaan was in New York and Toronto for the NAFA (North American Film Awards 2018). The actor had won the award for the Best Actor (Popular) for their performances in the films Solo and Parava.
The Groupfie
Earlier, a star-studded groupfie was doing the rounds on social media. In the selfie, which was posted through the Facebook page of Trisha, you can see Dulquer Salmaan, Trisha, Parvathy, Manju Warrier, Tovino Thomas, Vijay Yesudas and Manya.
Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram & Others
Now, a short video clip taken from NAFA 2018 has been doing the rounds on the internet. This particular video features Dulquer Salmaan, along with Kalidas Jayaram and others grooving to the tunes of a super hit Bollywood song, while they came together on stage. Any guesses on the song?
Lungi Dance
Well, Dulquer Salmaan is seen grooving to the tunes of the song Lungi Dance, from the blockbuster Bollywood movie Chennai Express. Dulquer Salmaan, Kalidas Jayaram, Neeraj Madhav, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Gopi Sunder etc., came together on stage and each one of them are seen dancing to the song. Vijay Yesudas who sung the song joined them as well.
Elgin man pleads guilty to sexually assaulting a child
hello
An Elgin man pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a child they knew, officials said.
David Gallardo, 35, of the 500 block of Glenwood Avenue in Elgin, pleaded guilty to a single felony count of criminal sexual assault and was sentenced to five years in prison, according to a news release from the Kane County state's attorney's office.
Kane County Assistant State's Attorney Megan Baxter said in court that Gallardo sexually assaulted the victim, whom they knew, in 2016 when they were younger than 18, according to the release.
Gallardo must also register for life as a sex offender under Illinois law, officials said. They will receive credit toward their sentence for the 585 days they spent in jail following their arrest.
by Vijeta Singh
It's not about molesting a girl in the slim corridor of a moving train. It's also not about gangrape of a college student inside a bus. Absolutely it's not about hard-rock or heavy metals or any rock n roll music. It not about strip dance or nude show or even beyond. It's all about our lives – our fear and concerns, which makes us scream almost every now and then. It's a real-life-story of an individual – better call them a hero, who is not in any fewer pains and ordeals than those innocent people pushed inside Hitler's concentration camp. And I feel terribly ashamed seeing this hero is being totally ignored or abandoned by the so-called civilized societies and powerful people for years. When my eyes got struck – first into the online edition of Weekly Blitz and then into several opeds on the horrifying ordeals and sufferings of a man named – Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury – a forgotten hero of our time.
I spent few hours, surfing on the internet to know more about this man. From Wikipedia to some old files of Gatestone Institute, from New York Times to Wall Street Journal – from US Congress website to the Washington Times. What I learnt in my own research is, Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury, award winning anti-militancy journalist has been languishing in the prison since 2012 in Bangladesh, serving rigorous imprisonment in sedition, treason and blasphemy case for denouncing anti-Semitism, confronting radical Islam and jihad, promoting interfaith harmony, and for standing against Holocaust denial.
They received ‘Freedom to Write Award' from PEN-USA in 2005; ‘Moral Courage Award' from American Jewish Committee in 2006; ‘Monaco Media Award' from HRH Prince Albert – II of Monaco in 2007, and many other awards internationally. They have authored many books and is the only Bangladeshi journalist whose book was translated in Italian (Non Sono Colpevole) and published by Neftasia, Italy.
United States Congress in 2007 passed a bi-partisan resolution (HR-64) in their defence, which has been completely disrespected, dishonoured and ignored by the Bangladesh authorities.
Mr. Choudhury is enduring extreme sufferings at a time when the entire world is united against radical Islam and militancy. From President Donald Trump to Prime Minister Theresa May – from President Vladimir Putin to HRH King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud - everyone is expressing firm determination of eliminating radical Islamic terrorism from the face of earth. But unfortunately, Bangladesh authorities are possibly giving an audacious and extremely alarming message of it's unwillingness in genuinely fighting militancy. Otherwise -they won't keep Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury in jail for years. Someone told me, Bangladesh government too are against militancy but not against anti-Semitism. I actually doubt – they aren't against militancy or radical Islam. Rather they are behaving as cohorts or patrons of radical Islam, jihad and anti-Semitism.
I would definitely like to draw the attention of President Donald Trump and HRH King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud in particular as well as of the esteemed members of the United States Congress, British House of Commons, Australian Senate, Canadian Parliament, USCIRF, PEN, CPJ, RSF, Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner, retired General Jim Mattis, Reince Priebus, Nikki Haley, Sean Spicer, Kellyanne Conway, David Friedman, Nina K Rosenwald (Gatestone Institute), Rebecca Chatham, Nicole Simon, David Harris (American Jewish Committee), Naomi Ragen and others to this important matter. Can we tell the Bangladesh authorities to stop this nonsense and immediately release Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury, please?
Comments
comments
BBC Sportscene
Jonathan Sutherland introduces highlights from the weekend's Scottish Premiership action. Friday evening sees Aberdeen travelling to Tayside to take on Dundee, while Saturday sees Rangers hosting Ross County and Motherwell heading to Tynecastle Park to play Hearts. Other games include Hamilton v St Johnstone, Kilmarnock v Partick Thistle and Celtic v Hibernian.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email Link Embed Copy and paste this HTML code into your webpage to embed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — With exaggerated handshakes and a pair of kisses, President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron professed a sunny, best-friends relationship Tuesday, even as the two allies strained to bridge differences over the Iran nuclear agreement, Syria and more.
Hosting Macron for the first state visit of their administration, culminating in a lavish dinner Tuesday night, Trump remained firm in their criticism of past and enduring American undertakings in Iran and elsewhere in the Middle East. But they appeared open to the French president's pleas to maintain U.S. involvement in Syria — and expressed openness to negotiating a new agreement with Iran.
As Trump weighs withdrawing the U.S. from the Iran nuclear accord, they issued a warning to Iran against restarting its nuclear program, saying “they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before.”
At a joint White House news conference, they appeared to be more in line with Macron's push for a longer-term U.S. presence in Syria. Trump, who announced weeks ago that they would withdraw American troops, said Macron reinforced the idea of a potential Iranian takeover of territory liberated from the Islamic State group.
“We'll be coming home,” Trump said, “but we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint.”
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet. That last was a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord to fight global warming, another international agreement Trump has spurned.
Differences aside, Trump and Macron lavished praise — and even a pair of kisses — on each another Tuesday.
“It's an honor to call you my friend,” Trump said, after predicting Macron would be a historic leader of France.
In one light moment, Trump sought to demonstrate some of the personal chemistry they claimed. The U.S. president brushed something off Macron's suit jacket, saying, “We have a very special relationship; in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off. We have to make them perfect — they are perfect.”
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Highlights included a 21-gun salute and Melania Trump's wide-brim white hat, which drew more comments than all the rest of the pageantry.
Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of their Cabinet that the relationship they forged with Macron at the start of their presidency was a testament to the “enduring friendship that binds our two nations.” They thanked the French leader for their “steadfast partnership” in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, “History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history.” Later they placed a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery.
The social highlight of Macron's visit was Tuesday night's formal state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests were coming to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. The previous evening, the leaders and their wives took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
As for substantive issues, one of Macron's main objectives during their three-day visit to Washington was to persuade Trump to stay in the Iran accord, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump is skeptical of the pact's effectiveness — “it's insane, it's ridiculous,” they said Tuesday — but they declined to say whether they would withdraw the U.S. by the May 12 deadline they have set.
They reminded their French counterpart of what they see as flaws in the agreement, which they said fails to address ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in Yemen or Syria.
Meanwhile, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif warned that pulling out would undermine America's upcoming nuclear talks with North Korea by proving the U.S. reneges on its promises.
They told The Associated Press in an interview in New York that if Trump withdraws, Iran would “most likely” abandon the deal as well and would no longer be bound by its international obligations. That would free Iran to resume enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 accord.
Macron told reporters that they and Trump would look at the Iran deal “in a wider regional context,” taking into account the situation in Syria. “We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward,” Macron said.
Trump suggested they were open to “doing something” beyond the current Iran agreement as long as it was done “strongly.”
On North Korea, Trump told Macron that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wanted to meet “as soon as possible.” The president, who once derided Kim as “Little Rocket Man,” said they have been “very open” and “very honorable” so far.
Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a “Trump whisperer” at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president.
Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. They were Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in Paris. Macron and their wife, Brigitte, also took Trump and their wife on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
by
The tea crabapple and tulip trees in the pocket park behind the White Swan are exploding. The sycamore just outside the front gate is in bud busily creating the leaves that will shade us in summer and keep us busy in the fall. There is a quiet riot of daffodils in my neighbor's front yard, the bleeding hearts and peonies are poking up out back, there are new tendrils of wisteria climbing along the garden wall, and is that lilac I smell? A pair of industrious house wrens are building a nest under the eaves of the front porch—they're welcome to make their new home with us. The hummingbird feeders are full and ready to refresh any weary traveler coming up from the south. It's just warm enough to drink my first cup of coffee outside in the Sunday morning stillness and while I know full well that there may still be an uninvited snow squall or a frost warning or two ahead—we live in Maryland after all!—I think I can safely declare that spring has finally found its way to the banks of the Chester.
Spring: that most welcome of guests who admittedly arrives with some decidedly unwelcome baggage, like the sheen of pollen on the car every morning or my wife's allergies. Nevertheless, Persephone's reemergence heralds cool-but-not-cold mornings, warm-but-not-stifling afternoons, and fresh-but-not-sultry nights. Open windows, lingering evenings, hammock naps, and porch gatherings. Baseball games; golf without wool hats, two gloves, and multiple layers of clothing. Flip-flops instead of boots. College kids in shorts and tee shirts, the splash of water in Fountain Park, sunset cruises on the River Packet, and plans for Tea Party.
Fields are plowed and dressed and while the unmistakable smell of manure can come wafting into town on even the most gentle of breezes, soon green, not brown, will be the order of the day. Now on Saturday mornings, there are bright hanging baskets and fresh, new produce at the Farmers Market; maybe we'll see the first hot-house tomatoes in a week or two! Big wheel keep on turning!
One of the things I most appreciate about living here is that we're never far removed from the land, the weather, and the seasons. When I lived in that big city over on the Western Shore, it was hard to feel the subtle changes in the days or see the stars at night. Here, all I have to do is sit on the front porch or walk out in the backyard. I know I've said this before, but I just feel closer to God here. I feel as though I have a front row seat at a heavenly concert where I can plainly hear the music of the spheres.
I know that spring can be a fickle tease and that soon enough, we'll be complaining about the heat or wishing it would rain or longing for cooler weather. That's all part of the story. But this chapter is one of my favorites and I like to savor it like pie right out of the oven. Strawberry-Rhubarb, please.
I'll be right back.
Jamie Kirkpatrick is a writer and photographer with homes in Chestertown and Bethesda. Their work has appeared in the Washington Post, the Baltimore Sun, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Washington College Alumni Magazine, and American Cowboy magazine. “A Place to Stand,” a book of photographs and essays about Landon School, was published by the Chester River Press in 2015. A collection of their essays titled “Musing Right Along” was released in May and is already in its second printing. Jamie's website is www.musingjamie.com.
Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Chris Sale, right, delivers to the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning of a spring training baseball game Monday, March 19, 2018, in Fort Myers, Fla. Chris O'Meara AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thief who pushed a man off their bike in West Reading before stealing it and riding away is being hunted by police.
The cyclist was riding along Tilehurst Road at around 7.30am on Tuesday, December 5, when a stocky man wearing dark jeans and a black hoody came up to him.
The attacker pushed them off their bike and then rode off in the direction of Tilehurst.
The victim did not see the offender's face.
The bike is a Scott Scale mountain bike, with 29 inch frame and is black, white and red.
It's worth around £750.
Designated Investigator Zara Appleby of Local CID based in Reading, said: "We are appealing for information to assist our investigation."
Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting reference 43170361761, or to contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Worried residents contacted the ambulance service because they thought a person was freezing to death on a park bench.
But when paramedics arrived at the scene in Staffordshire they found their patient could not be helped - because it was a STATUE.
After answering a 999 call at 10.20am on Monday December 11, West Midlands Ambulance crew rushed to Brampton Park in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire, where they believed there was a member of the public who needed urgent medical assistance - but on closer inspection, the person turned out to be a sitting scuplture.
West Midlands Ambulance paramedic Katie Tudor tweeted: “Next, call from a member of the public who was concerned that there was someone sat on a bench, not moving and covered in snow!
“Luckily, on our arrival, it turned out to be a statue”
A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “Somebody in their car spotted who they thought was a person covered in snow and called us. An ambulance arrived straight away and our crew was there for exactly minute and one second.
“The woman who called us had good intentions, but it's unfortunate that they didn't go over to check first that it wasn't a statue.”
Appeal for help after snow collapses aviaries at Brockswood Animal Sanctuary
The statue known as the Lady in the Park has been in Brampton Park since November 2014, when it was installed to mark the 100th anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War.
The life-sized sculpture depicts a woman reading a letter sent from the Armed Forces informing them that family members had died in battle.
Katie's tweet got a big reaction from Twitter.
Victoria Coyne tweeted: “I would've gone over and checked before I called an ambulance though."
Fellow paramedic Peter Bowles said: " Good grief! Perhaps ask the "patient" if they're OK from a safe distance, if you can, before calling 999???"
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest defeat
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager following their 2-0 defeat to Burton Albion this afternoon.
The clash was billed as pivotal in Blues' quest to beat the drop but goals from former Blues player Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola's side to another defeat.
The manager was appointed in December after the Blues hierarchy dispensed of Gary Rowett with the club on the verge of the play-offs.
But just 13 points from the 22 games that have followed have left Blues sitting perilously above the relegation zone.
Blues are 20th and three points above Blackburn Rovers in 20th spot following today's results.
The club have three games to preserve their Championship status with matches against Huddersfield and Bristol City to come.
However, Blues will first cross the city to take on Aston Villa in a huge clash that now looks must-win for those wearing Royal Blue.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
When we postpone a chore or leave a tough conversation for another day, it is in the rational hope that we might never have to do it. Sometimes we turn out to be right. There is more to procrastination than laziness or cowardice. It is a legitimate life tactic. Anyone who believes that all problems must be confronted at their inception as a point of chivalric principle will end up volunteering for a lot of avoidable stress in life.
Britain can procrastinate its way out of the fix it has tied itself up in. In 2016, it voted against EU membership on the promise that something better was easily available. In 2017, it lost that illusion as one-sided exit talks were settled on the EU's terms. In 2018, it will have to choose between unattractive futures: a trade deal with Europe that diminishes its access to the world's largest internal market, or membership of that market without a say on the rules that govern it.
Having seen the government back down on item after item, and abandon its interest in an exit with no deal at all, Remainers sniff the air for Theresa May's next concession. They are trying to sell the prime minister on the least bad of two plausible destinies: Norwegian enmeshment with the single market rather than Canadian trade terms from outside. But this implies the survival of free movement, which breaks the red line that they drew so hastily in their opening months in office. Voters and their own MPs might not tolerate such a provocative reversal, even if they would.
The real prize, therefore, is now the transition phase between membership and whatever follows. The longer it lasts, the less disruption for each side and the more chance of some deus ex machina that creates a more pleasing permanent solution. This might take the form of a continued decline in net immigration that changes the domestic political debate or the emergence of a new tier of membership as the EU passes through one of its periodic bursts of institutional mutation.
Last week's compromise on the UK-Ireland border contains no substantive answer to anything. It just creates time and space for one to emerge
In short, London and Brussels should aspire to a trade deal but take their sweet time about it. They should use the inherent lengthiness of economic diplomacy as a convenient cover for a delay that suits them anyway. The transition was always going to last for around two years. You now hear serious people whisper about something closer to five years, or at least the renewability of the initial two.
This holding position will be uncomfortable. Indeed, it might amount to the Norwegian model of membership without representation. In a world of bad options, however, this is not the very worst. To understand the flaws of the Canadian model, remember that even David Davis aspires to a “Canada-plus-plus-plus” deal. The Brexit secretary is, almost by definition, conceding the case against a bare trade agreement that excludes services. Others may join them as time passes. The key is to maximise that time.
When you start to look for them, the political world is full of artful prevarications. Last week's compromise on the UK-Ireland border that enabled the second round of talks contains no substantive answer to anything. It just creates time and space for one to emerge, or for the problem to go away. It resembles the principle of transition in miniature. Mrs May's ongoing survival in a job that everyone agrees is untenable qualifies as another case in point.
Norway itself is entering the 24th year of its “temporary” compromise between membership and non-membership of the EU, with no sign of an imminent commitment to one or the other.
Central to all these managed delays is their sensitivity to amour propre. All parties can claim some kind of victory. A long transition would allow Leavers to say that Britain is on its way out of the EU and Remainers to console themselves with the remoteness of the actual day of exit, and the faint prospect of its indefinite postponement. It gives business some measure of certainty. Nor should it be any great nuisance to the EU, whatever its desire to put the British question behind it. An organisation that has been able to conclude a trade agreement with Japan while getting its way on the terms of exit can afford to be magnanimous.
Last week's exit deal has put Britain on a stable course to an invidious end point. There is less turbulence on this flight than some had feared but the destination is still a shabbier resort than the one we have known, complainingly, for more than 40 years. Why not prolong the journey and hope a change in weather forces a diversion to somewhere better?
janan.ganesh@ft.com
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - With temperatures projected to drop again Monday night, Broward County has extended a cold weather advisory through Tuesday morning.
The National Weather Service predicts that temperatures in the area will be in the mid-40s tonight, so as a result, a Cold Weather Emergency has been declared from 6:30 p.m. Monday through 9 a.m. Tuesday.
Officials have established cold night shelters for homeless individuals at the following locations:
Pompano Beach
Pompano Beach City Hall
100 W. Atlantic Blvd. (Southeast Corner)
(Pickup location to go to a shelter)
Pompano Beach City Hall 100 W. Atlantic Blvd. (Southeast Corner) (Pickup location to go to a shelter) Fort Lauderdale
The Salvation Army
1445 West Broward Blvd.
(Shelter and Pickup Location)
The Salvation Army 1445 West Broward Blvd. (Shelter and Pickup Location) Hollywood
Broward Outreach Center
2056 Scott St.
(Shelter and Pickup Location)
Officials said if the weather forecast changes, shelters may be extended or canceled. For more information, call the Broward County Homeless Hotline – 954-563-4357 (HELP).
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Davies Iheamnachor
PORT HARCOURT—One person has been killed, following an attempt by unknown people to assassinate the Amanyanabo of Okochiri Kingdom in Okirika Local Government Area of Rivers State, Their Royal Majesty, King Ateke Tom.
It was gathered that Ateke, an ex-Niger Delta agitator, had visited Amadi-Ama in Port Harcourt for a traditional function when some armed youths invaded the area and shot sporadically in their direction.
A source alleged that in the process, a young man believed to be in the entourage of King Ateke was gunned down, adding that the King escaped by the whiskers.
Meanwhile, Ijaw Youth Council, IYC, has condemned the assassination attempt on Ateke, noting that the incident is capable of igniting fresh crisis in the region.
In a statement yesterday in Port Harcourt, Mr. Samuel George, Chairman of the Eastern Zone of IYC, pointed out that Ijaw leaders are not happy over the development intended to take the life of the Amanyanabo.
They said: “Ijaw observed that the attack on King Ateke is one too many on the traditional institutions of the Ijaw nation.
“On a different occasion, Amanyanabo of Kalabari and Bonny monarch suffered similar attacks. These attacks are uncivilised and calculated to cause crisis in Ijawland.”
The British Broadcasting Cooperation BBC has slammed Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari and other African leaders who have penchant for medical trip overseas.
The BBC in a report on it web site questioned ‘Why do Buhari, Dos Santos and Mugabe go to hospital abroad?'
The report said that ‘Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari, is the first among equals' of those who have spent time abroad seeking medical treatment and that Buhari apparently lacked faith in Nigeria's health systems.
The report read thus
The presidents of Nigeria, Angola, Zimbabwe, Benin and Algeria all have something in common – an apparent lack of faith in the health systems at home.
In terms of time spent abroad getting medical help, Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari, 74, is the first among equals, but in the past year all these heads of state have travelled overseas for health reasons.
In many cases they are leaving behind poorly funded health services, which most of their citizens have to rely on.
In 2010, the average amount spent on health in African countries per person was $135 (£100) compared to $3,150 in high-income countries, the UN's World Health Organization said.
In Zimbabwe, for example, state-run hospitals and clinics often run out of basic medicines like painkillers and antibiotics, according to health watchdog Citizens Health Watch.
It says that the public health care system “continues to deteriorate at alarming levels” with lack of money being the main problem.
As for Nigeria, the public health system is “terrible” because of poor funding, says BBC Abuja editor Naziru Mikailu.
A health insurance scheme for government workers and some private employees has given some people access to private medicine, but most people have to rely on government-funded services.
In both countries, good private healthcare is available to those with money but in some cases there is a feeling that things are better abroad.
The Nigerian president has spent more than four months in London this year getting treatment for an undisclosed illness, causing considerable disquiet at home. Unlike one of their predecessors, Umaru Musa Yar'Adua who went to Saudi Arabia to see a doctor, Mr Buhari did leave their deputy in charge, but this has not dampened the criticism.
Buhari's unhealthy start to 2017
19 January: Leaves for UK on “medical vacation”
5 February: Asks parliament to extend medical leave
10 March: Returns home but does not resume work immediately
7 May: Travels to UK for further treatment
6 June: Aisha Buhari says theirs is “recuperating fast”
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, in power since 1980, has also been criticised by their political opponents for running the country “from their hospital bed” after their third medical trip to Singapore this year.
The Angolan government revealed in May that Jose Eduardo dos Santos, who has been president for the last 38 years, had travelled to Spain for health reasons. But as in the Nigerian case, the government was not forthcoming about the problem.
Evaristo Da Luz, spokesperson for the opposition Casa-CE, said that the trip “proves the incompetence of their government in place for four decades and shows the precarious nature of the health service”.
‘Very, very black'
The ill-health of Algeria's President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, 80, has been known for a long time.
The only issue was that the problem Mr Mugabe had with their eyes could only be dealt with outside Zimbabwe, as it had to do with “the level of sophistication of medical skills”.
It was this medical problem that meant Mr Mugabe had to sometimes rest their eyes during meetings, giving the impression that they were sleeping, the spokesperson said.
The issue with these trips abroad is not only the implied criticism of the medics at home, but that they also serve to undermine the health system, leading Nigerian doctor Osahon Enabulele argues.
They call the phenomenon “medical tourism” and says that the example set by political leaders costs countries millions of dollars.
In 2013 they estimated that Nigerians were spending $1bn (£770m) abroad on medical treatment and reckons that figure could have doubled by now.
By comparison, the federal government's health budget for 2016 came to $800m.
Dr Enabulele, who is vice-president of the Commonwealth Medical Association, says that the money taken out of Nigeria could be invested in the health system at home.
“The whole ambition to have state-of-the-art facilities will remain a mirage if people keep going abroad for medical reasons.”
Vicious cycle
On top of that, they say, top Nigerian doctors are then enticed abroad looking for the best conditions, exacerbating the situation.
Image copyright AFP
Image caption Angola's President Jose Eduardo Dos Santos has been criticised for going abroad for treatment
Dr Enabulele adds that while they wish the president well, they think that the treatment they need could be found at home.
Looking at the big picture, underfunding of health does seem to be a problem.
Also, political leaders may not have the incentive to improve health services if they themselves can afford to go elsewhere.
Perhaps they could take the example of Sudan President Omar al-Bashir.
In January, they had what the official news agency described as “an exploratory cardiac catheterisation” at a hospital in the capital, Khartoum.
It was, however, a private hospital, not a state one.
“I BELIEVE may responsibility ang artist sa iya community,” shares veteran Ilonggo artist and activist PG Zoluaga.
Known for their advocacy-driven works, the Pinoy Icon 2011 – Juan Luna awardee opened their newest solo show entitled “Habitat” on Saturday at gallery i in Iloilo City Proper.
“Derived from the Latin word ‘habitare ‘which means it inhabits, habitat refers to the natural environment in which an organism or a population normally lives,” explained Zoluaga.
“This series attempts to show a drastic way of understanding ecological issues, drawing attention to mother earth's destruction… primarily caused by human activities.”
Presented in three striking colors, the pieces in the “Habitat” series resemble wounded topography seen from the sky, all pining environmental undercurrents and seeking to stimulate the audience's senses.
In “GREEN HABITAT,” Zoluaga maps out verdant tableaus stained with the murky colors of pollution and industrialization. “These are abstract presentations of the remaining greens of the land which help sustain life on earth,” the artist shares.
The 1998 Philippine Arts Awards Jurors' Choice winner offers a cautionary tale in “Black Habitat” – with gashes slashing through the canvas, in black as dark as coal.
“I want to awaken awareness sa mga tawo, to stir up and shake them to realize ang sitwasyon natun subong,” relates Zoluaga. “Supposed to be kita ang flight attendants of the earth, pero kita pa ang gaguba.”
However, the artist and musician furthers that “Habitat” is not solely tackling themes of environmentalism and conservation.
“It appears to be environmental pero there is a deeper message. I wanted to address a pressing issue in an environmental way, para hindi siya tama ka gulpi. It's a subtle way of presenting it,” they relate.
In “RED HABITAT,” Zoluaga digs deep to unearth “the destructive effects of war, intolerable atrocities on innocent lives, and human brutality.”
“I chose red to be the center of the presentation because, it is something that directly affects us all right now,” they explain.
At the center of the exhibit is a large standing piece splattered with what resembles blood and bruises, unto which images of carnage and cruelty are projected as the sound of gunshots cuts through the gallery every few minutes.
“I want the show to be a reminder of the harsh realities we face today,” said Zoluaga. “Ang role ko diri is to merely be a medium so people can reflect on what is happening in our country right now and encourage them to react.”
“‘Habitat' is a call to action. It's an extension of my advocacy.”
A University of the Philippines Diliman and University of San Agustin alum, Zoluaga is both a visual artist and musician. They were the the 1999 Philippine representative to the ASEAN Arts Awards in Hanoi, Vietnam, and had the 1998 Best Entry in the Centennial Painting Competition of the Art Association of the Philippines.
“Habitat” is open to the public at gallery i, Unit 2B, 2F E. Villanueva Bldg, Corner JM Basa and Aldeguer St. 5000, Iloilo City. Gallery i is open Tuesday to Saturday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m./PN
Amazon sets up hotline for 'Mrs. Maisel' Emmy campaign The Primetime Emmys aren't until September, but the studio hopes to get a head start on the competition.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Spotify and Apple.
Spotify, long the leader in streaming music, has found itself in a precarious position: Analysts project it is about to lose the top spot. In February, a report by the Wall Street Journal revealed that while Spotify had 70 million subscribers to Apple Music's 30 million (a stat last updated in September), Apple Music's growth rate far surpassed Spotify's—so much so that Apple Music was on pace to become the top music streaming service by summer's end. It would seem that having its devices in the hands of consumers has been a huge boon to the adoption of Apple's streaming service. But Spotify has been working on its own strategy for remaining on top. While Apple offers a free trial of Apple Music, its app is largely inaccessible without a paid subscription. With a free app, Spotify can give users a taste of the full premium app experience, a strategy that has been one of its primary means in acquiring new subscribers.
On Tuesday, Spotify introduced a new look and new features for the free version of its app. While the paid version offers a wide range of capabilities—playlist creation and curation, the ability to build and listen to artist or song radio stations, and the option to follow public playlists—the free app was more limited. Non-paying customers could do little more than listen to a selection of the app's playlists on permanent shuffle mode. With Tuesday's update, they gain access to 15 customized playlists. Before, they could only listen to whatever song Spotify's algorithm happened to churn out next; now, they can listen to any song on that playlist whenever they like. These 15 playlists, which include the popular Discover Weekly, Release Radar, and Daily Mix playlists, are curated by Spotify based on your listening habits. They jointly contain more than 750 songs and are typically updated with new selections daily.
Spotify is also updating the onboarding experience for new free users, allowing them to select artists that they like so the app can start customizing playlists immediately. And for those who want to ensure they don't bust through their monthly data plan in a day of frenzied streaming, there's now a “data saver” option that minimizes the app's impact on your usage. While the app's premium version has seen numerous updates over the years, this is the free app's first major overhaul since 2014, and it could prove an important update: Spotify's free app is, for many, the gateway into a paid subscription. The free app currently has 90 million listeners, and according to the company, 60 percent of the company's paying subscribers originated as users of the free version. By giving free users a bigger taste of what the premium Spotify experience offers—as well as a more prominently placed button to subscribe to the service in the bottom right of its navigation menu—Spotify likely hopes to boost its growth numbers and derail Apple's march towards streaming music domination.
Spotify, which recently held its IPO and has yet to become profitable, needs this growth in order to succeed in the eyes of investors. Unfortunately, Apple has its one huge advantage: Its service is baked into iOS devices such as the iPhone X and iPad, and is integral to other audio-focused products like its wireless AirPods and HomePod smart speaker. For users just opting into streaming music options, the barrier to entry for Apple's option is far lower than Spotify's, which requires people to go into the App Store and download the app before they can test it out. On Android, the two services are on more equal footing—but the seriousness of Apple's push into this space is evident by the fact that it even offers an Android app, a rarity for the company.
Apple may also have a leg up on Spotify with its free trial offer. Apple has a free three-month trial of its service, a bargain option that beats out Spotify's 30-day trial offer.
While targeting free users is Spotify's immediate play to boost its subscribership, in the long run, it could opt for a similar approach to Apple with a smart speaker of its own—a risky move that could pay off with increased users tuning in even more regularly than app users. But the market is already becoming crowded with a variety of options from Google, Amazon, and now Apple, among other companies. If Spotify doesn't get into the hardware space itself, it could be wise to forge more dedicated partnerships with other speaker-makers in order to still grow its presence in homes and with families. In the meantime, the update to Spotify's free app looks like a sure bet to boost subscriber numbers, and fight the growing threat from Apple Music, without putting the company's bottom line or reputation at risk. Its free app is already working to lure users into its paid experience—this update aims to make that option even more appealing. It also makes clear the fight for streaming music dominance isn't going to be over soon.
Commentary 10.1172/JCI96839
2 Department of Pharmacology and Physiology, University of Montreal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
1 Professor of Medicine, Pharmacology and Physiology, University of Montreal, and Nephrology Service, Research Center, Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur de Montréal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
2 Department of Pharmacology and Physiology, University of Montreal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
1 Professor of Medicine, Pharmacology and Physiology, University of Montreal, and Nephrology Service, Research Center, Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur de Montréal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
See the related article at ER-associated degradation is required for vasopressin prohormone processing and systemic water homeostasis.
Deficiency of the antidiuretic hormone arginine vasopressin (AVP) underlies diabetes insipidus, which is characterized by the excretion of abnormally large volumes of dilute urine and persistent thirst. In this issue of the JCI, Shi et al. report that Sel1L-Hrd1 ER–associated degradation (ERAD) is responsible for the clearance of misfolded pro–arginine vasopressin (proAVP) in the ER. Additionally, mice with Sel1L deficiency, either globally or specifically within AVP-expressing neurons, developed central diabetes insipidus. The results of this study demonstrate a role for ERAD in neuroendocrine cells and serve as a clinical example of the effect of misfolded ER proteins retrotranslocated through the membrane into the cytosol, where they are polyubiquitinated, extracted from the ER membrane, and degraded by the proteasome. Moreover, proAVP misfolding in hereditary central diabetes insipidus likely shares common physiopathological mechanisms with proinsulin misfolding in hereditary diabetes mellitus of youth.
Continue reading with a subscription.
A subscription is required for you to read this article in full. If you are a subscriber, you may sign in to continue reading.
Already subscribed?
Click here to sign in to your account.
Don't have a subscription?
Please select one of the subscription options, which includes a low-cost option just for this article.
At an institution or library?
If you are at an institution or library and believe you should have access, please check with your librarian or administrator (more information).
Problems?
Please try these troubleshooting tips.
President Nicolás Maduro launched the first ever government-backed cryptocurrency last month to boost capital and circumvent previous U.S. sanctions against the regime. Marcelo_Garcia Marcelo_Garcia/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
De Blasio slammed for adding police reform bills to hearing last minute Police-reform advocates on Monday slammed the de Blasio administration for waiting until the last minute before adding controversial police reform bills to a public hearing hosted by the mayor. One...
Verizon is supposedly screwing its landline customers Luddites who've stayed with Verizon's old-fashioned phone service unwittingly help pay for everyone else's Internet and mobile-phone hookups, a consumer advocacy group claims. The 2 million or so New York...
Amusement park sued over soda-drinking, cigarette-smoking chimpanzee NEW ORLEANS — An animal rights group is suing to get a chimpanzee named Candy out of an amusement park where, it says, they smoke cigarettes and is given soft...
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cole Hamels (35) reacts after giving up a single to Houston Astros first baseman Marwin Gonzalez (9) in the sixth inning of their Opening Day game at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas, Thursday, March 29, 2018. The Astros defeated the Rangers, 4-1. Hamels took the loss. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
KS: "If you throw out the numbers at 'The Ballpark' -- which he's not going to be pitching there anymore -- the Rangers could talk a team into that.
...
EG: "Here's the deal on Cole Hamels... I think the Rangers have to hold out and try to get the best deal possible -- they can't just move them to move him. I think that means you'll wait for them to come off a really good start and try to wait a little bit longer. And I think if I was handicapping this... three teams stand out because they'll be easier to make a deal with. And that's Seattle, Atlanta and Philadelphia. They can't block a trade to any of those teams. They're not on their no-trade protection list. The thought process is that if the Rangers present a trade to them -- to a team that's on their no-trade list -- he's going to ask for their option next year to be picked up. That's a $20 million commitment. And I don't think a lot of teams are going to view them as a $20 million pitcher. So, the Rangers are going to have to be willing to pick up some of that salary as well or they trade them to a team that will get them off the hook for some money, but take less of a return.
"But if you do get Atlanta and Philadelphia and Seattle competing for him, I think that's significant.
"The other question I've got right now is... Toronto is in the same situation as the Rangers. They've got to move people. They've got J.A. Happ and he's a left-hander. Same age and he's pitched better than Hamels. Even with what's left on their contract this year, there's not the financial obligation that there is with Hamels. So... does Hamels fall behind Happ in terms of value and when they get moved? I don't know.
"People talk about Cole Hamels as a big-game pitcher. They were a big-game pitcher in 2008. They pitched well in the postseason of 2015 but in 2016, this Rangers lost largely because Hamels and Yu Darvish fell flat on their faces."
KS: "I think a team trading for them knows he's got that pedigree though and that they'll hope they can summon that back. There are times they look really good. And then there are times they give up home runs. Way too much this year. To me, they look more and more like Darvish all the time. Cruising along, doing well. Then boom. It blows up in theirs face."
By Emma Amaize
WARRI- THE Ijaw Youth Council, IYC, Monday, condemned the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger-Delta, MEND, for attacking the leadership of the Pan Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF.
Factional president of the council, Mr. Eric Omare, in a statement, said: “MEND is only playing the script of its pay master whose sole intention is to ensure that the Niger Delta people do not speak with one voice hence the attack on the PANDEF leadership.”
They emphasized: “MEND through its pseudo spokesperson, Jomo Gbomo, berated Niger Delta leaders, especially Chief E. K. Clark for staying mute during the Jonathan's presidency and went further to state that the Nigerian Maritime University, Okerenkoko was not necessary and that the insistence on its take-off is a ploy to cover up established financial crime while identifying with a faction of the IYC.”
Omare stated: “The statement by MEND that the Maritime University, Okerenkoko was not a priority to the Niger Delta people is the height of treachery on the part of MEND and their sponsors in the Niger Delta. It is now very obvious that MEND is now a tool been used by enemies within and outside the Niger Delta to undermine the legitimate aspiration of the people. MEND is only been used by those who do not want the maritime university, Okerenkoko to see the light of the day.”
They added: “The relevance of the Maritime University, Okerenkoko to the educational and manpower development of Nigerians in the maritime industry, which has the capacity to surpass the oil and gas industry is well documented. The mere fact that there exists a maritime academy at Oron, Akwa Ibom state, does not mean that the Maritime University, Okerenkoko is not relevant.”
“There exist several federal and state universities together with polytechnics in Nigeria, hence the maritime university, Okerenkoko can also exist side by side with the Maritime academy, Oron.
“We wish to state clearly that MEND and their moles in the IYC, who they are collaborating with to oppose the Niger Delta struggle lacks the mandate to speak for the Niger Delta people. In the fullest of time, MEND's moles in the IYC will be flushed out for the Ijaw youths to have a united front to confront their common enemies now paying MEND and their moles in the IYC to create division in Ijaw nation and the Niger Delta region,” the factional president said.
WENTZVILLE, MO--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Contrary to popular belief, the warranties auto manufacturers provide with brand-new vehicles do not provide all-inclusive coverage. Major components such as your brand-new engine are probably covered, but smaller parts such as your fuel pump may not be. This can lead to a nasty surprise when you take your new car to a repair shop for the first time.
If you want to protect your wallet from unforeseen expenses, an extended vehicle service contract from American Automotive Service Solutions can help fill any gaps in your coverage. If you've heard horror stories about extended vehicle service contracts in the past, you should know that American Automotive Service Solutions is different. They are a member of the Vehicle Protection Association (VPA), a nonprofit trade association dedicated to restoring the public's faith in extended service contracts by promoting transparency and accountability in the field. This membership not only assures you of the company's intentions, it also gives the company access to exclusive information other companies lack access to.
You also do not need to worry about being pressured into purchasing one of the company's own products, as American Automotive Service Solutions does not offer any. Instead, they sell contracts provided by three different leaders in the field: American Auto Shield (AAS), Marathon Group, and MBPI. Each carries at least an A rating from the Better Business Bureau and 15 years of experience in the extended service contract industry. Shopping around is the best way to help customers save money on their extended service contract, and marketing contracts from three different providers allows American Automotive Service Solutions to handle all of the legwork for you.
The first way they do this is by assigning all of the plans they sell an easy-to-understand rating, ranging from Good to Better to Best. The Good plans are still good, generally offering a range of extras such as towing, roadside assistance, and trip interruption coverage that are not usually covered by a manufacturer's warranty. They only cover major car components such as the engine, but the relatively limited nature of the coverage makes them the most affordable option American Automotive Service Solutions offers. These plans are ideal for older vehicles that lack the complicated electronics found in newer models and for car buyers looking to supplement their manufacturer's warranty.
When that warranty is nearing expiration, you should upgrade your coverage so that you remain protected against unexpected expenses. The Best contracts offered by American Automotive Service Solutions include nearly everything, to the point that exclusions are listed in the contract instead of what is actually covered. These contracts carry a more expensive premium, but the peace of mind you get from them is often worth it. Better plans are a compromise between the two extremes, offering more coverage than the Good contracts at a more affordable price point than the Best ones.
Of course, your specific contract is sure to have terms and conditions that can never be adequately summed up in one word. The friendly customer service team at American Automotive Service Solutions will be happy to answer any questions you have about your contract before and after you sign it. You can even contact them to report a claim if you would prefer to. The company is dedicated to helping their customers save money on auto repairs in any way they can.
To conclude, an extended vehicle service contract from American Automotive Service Solutions can meet and even exceed the manufacturer's warranty on your new vehicle. The company is currently offering free quotes to customers who contact them today, making now the ideal time to protect your auto investment.
Local paramedics are going through new training so they'll be prepared for situations like 1 October.
AMR started a training academy and they have already formed their first team of medics prepared for battle-like conditions.
After 1 October, AMR had the idea that they needed to have teams of medics prepared to go into "hot zones," or battle-like zones. Sixty people applied to be on the tactical medic team. Eight made the cut.
In Friday's training, they had to go through tear gas and smoke-filled sheds. They practiced pulling people out of danger zones and treating wounds. Everything they did was a simulation of something they'd see on a night like 1 October.
“We were all there that night, and in the aftermath, we saw that everything that night was in the hot zone and our standard training as medics and EMTs don't prepare us for us to be in the hot zone,” team member Callie Fraser said. “October 1st was like being on a battlefield. There was no difference. The amount of trauma we saw that night was more than a lot of military members do in their entire career.”
AMR plans to work with law enforcement to pair the team up with swat officers and other teams in intense situations. They will not be armed; however, they will have gas masks and body armor.
AMR's goal is to hopefully build more of these teams in the next 18 months so that they have enough people that they can disperse whenever there's ever and emergency like 1 October.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
OXFORD, N.C. (AP) — Cosmetics giant Revlon plans to invest $16 million and create 55 new jobs at its North Carolina plant over the next three years.
Gov. Roy Cooper announced Friday the company is expanding its plant in Oxford to produce more Elizabeth Arden products.
The facility 40 miles (64 kilometers) north of Raleigh opened in 1986 and currently employs about 1,300 people. It is the largest private employer in Granville County.
Revlon says the plant is its largest worldwide.
The state promises Revlon a $100,000 grant if it meets its hiring and investment goals. The state also requires Granville County to provide a grant. County commissioners still must approve it.
Portland, Or. – A Northeast Portland woman who spent three years as an Army nurse during WWII says their wish for 2017 is to life their life as fully as they can and for as long as they can. Jean Wojnowski will turn 102 on May 14th.
They were a maternity ward nurse in Cleveland, Ohio when Pearl Harbor was bombed. They were mobilized the next month and spent two years at a hospital in Melbourne, Australia and another year in the jungle of New Guinea. They remember First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt visited them in Melbourne. They say they treated soldiers there, mostly for malaria and says a Japanese POW was kept there under guard.
When they were stationed in New Guinea, Jean says they slept in tents and one of their colleagues pulled back the sheets one day to find a snake.
About their years in the military, Jean says “I wouldn't have missed it for anything. Looking back on it, it expanded my grasp of our world situation and my part, what I had, my place in it.”
Jean's secret to longevity? They say “I had a pretty wholesome life and I always believed in doing things, experience yourself, do what you can, but do it in moderation.” The Oregon Department of Veterans' Affairs says Jean is among the state's oldest WWII veterans.
Facebook To Turn Over Russia-Linked Ads
Social media giant Facebook is expected to provide Congress on Monday with more than 3,000 ads that ran around the time of the 2016 presidential election and are linked to a Russian ad agency.
Company officials will meet with the House and Senate intelligence committees and the Senate Judiciary Committee to hand over the ads, a Facebook official said. The official requested anonymity because the meetings are private.
Facebook said last month that that it had found thousands of ads linked to Facebook accounts that likely operated out of Russia and pushed divisive social and political issues during the U.S. presidential election. The company said it found 450 accounts and about $100,000 was spent on the ads.
Twitter has said it found postings linked to those same accounts, and the House and Senate intelligence panels have asked both companies, along with Google, to testify publicly in the coming weeks.
None of the companies have said whether they will accept the invitations.
The three committees are investigating Russian meddling in the election and whether there are any links to President Donald Trump's campaign. They have recently focused on the spread of false news stories and propaganda on social media, putting pressure on the companies to turn over more information and release any Russia-linked ads.
It is unclear whether the ads will eventually be released publicly. Several lawmakers -- including Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence panel -- have said they believe the American public should see them.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced Sept. 21 that the company would provide the ads to Congress and also make changes to ensure the political ads on its platform are more transparent. The company is also working with Special Counsel Bob Mueller's investigation into the Russian meddling at the Justice Department.
"As a general rule, we are limited in what we can discuss publicly about law enforcement investigations, so we may not always be able to share our findings publicly," Zuckerberg said. "But we support Congress in deciding how to best use this information to inform the public, and we expect the government to publish its findings when their investigation is complete."
Facebook said the ads addressed social and political issues and ran in the United States between 2015 and 2017. The company said the ads appear to have come from accounts associated with a Russian entity called the Internet Research Agency.
Twitter said last week that it had suspended 22 accounts corresponding to the 450 Facebook
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Developers in Australia have the highest average age in the world – at 29 – according to a survey from Stack Overflow.
They also have the most experience compared to their global peers, having been coding for an average 11.7 years.
The age and experience of Australian developers was close to those in the United States and United Kingdom, but significantly higher than those in Russia, Poland and India, where devs were typically only 22.7 years old with 4.2 years' experience.
Globally, the overwhelming majority of developers surveyed (50.8 per cent) were aged between 25 and 34. Three quarters were aged below 35.
Among the 101,592 software developers from 183 countries questioned, almost 60 per cent of respondents identified as back-end developers. Full-stack developer and front-end developer were the next most popular designations. About 20 per cent consider themselves mobile developers.
Respondents were able to give multiple answers to the question regarding their role. The most common pairs were combinations of back-end, front-end, and full-stack developer. Pairs that were highly correlated are database administrator and system administrator, DevOps specialist and system administrator, and designer and front-end developer.
The annual survey, which has been conducted in some form since 2011, found that for the sixth year in a row, JavaScript was the most commonly used programming language, followed by HTML, CSS, SQL, Java, Bash/Shell and Python.
“Python has risen in the ranks, surpassing C# this year, much like it surpassed PHP last year. Python has a solid claim to being the fastest-growing major programming language,” the report said.
Rust was found to be the ‘most loved' programming language followed closely by Kotlin, a language which was asked about for the first time this year.
“This means that proportionally, more developers want to continue working with these than other languages,” the report said.
“Also for the third year in a row, Visual Basic 6 ranks as the most dreaded programming language. Most dreaded means that a high percentage of developers who are currently using the technology express no interest in continuing to do so,” the report added.
Node.js and AngularJS continued to be the most commonly used technologies in the ‘frameworks, libraries and tools' category, with React and .Net Core also important to many developers.
TensorFlow was a ‘most loved' technology, while Cordova was ‘most dreaded'.
The most commonly used databases were MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL and MongoDB.
Redis proved to be the ‘most loved' database. The most dreaded databases were IBM Db2, Oracle, Memcached, Apache HBase and Amazon Redshift.
Developing demographics
For the first time this year, Stack Overflow asked respondents a broader set of questions about their gender and identity.
True to stereotypes, the survey found a whopping 92.9 per cent of respondents is male. Only 6.9 per cent identified as female with 0.9 per cent saying they were non-binary, genderqueer, or gender non-conforming.
Gender was a factor in the number of years an individual had spent coding, with men typically having more experience than their female counterparts.
“Twice as many women than men have been coding two years or less, evidence for the shifting demographics of coding as a profession,” the report said.
Gender also played a role in what developers sought in a prospective job. Women say their highest priorities are company culture and opportunities for professional development, while men say their highest priorities are compensation and working with specific technologies.
Respondents who said they were professional developers were typically ‘white or of European descent' (74.3 per cent), heterosexual (93.2 per cent) and had highly educated parents.
The survey also found that “mental health issues like depression and anxiety are particularly common among our respondents”. Some 8 per cent said they had a mood or emotional disorder, and a similar number had an anxiety disorder.
More than 80 per cent of respondents says that they code as a hobby and other interests didn't seem to affect this.
“Those who said they are parents or have other caretaking responsibilities, those who exercise daily, or those who spend the most time outside were slightly more likely to code as a hobby than other groups,” the report found.
Around 3 per cent of respondents hailed from Australia and New Zealand.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (AP) — The Dolphins' offense has been the worst, while the Titans' defense has merely been bad. So perhaps Tennessee enjoys a slight edge in Sunday's unsightly matchup.
Or not. After all, last week the Titans gave up 57 points.
But then again, the Dolphins didn't score. They rank last in the NFL in points (8.3) and yards (249) per game, yards per play (4.2) and third-down conversion (21 percent).
Ah, but maybe they can get it going against the Titans, who have allowed 99 first downs, more than any other team, and rank near the bottom in points and yards allowed.
What a showdown. Will the Dolphins (1-2) break out? Will the Titans (2-2) dig in?
Here are things to know about two struggling teams:
STALLED DOLPHINS: The Dolphins will make a delayed home debut after their season opener against Tampa Bay was postponed due to Hurricane Irma. Perhaps the friendly setting will help jump-start an offense that sputtered so badly in last week's 20-0 loss to New Orleans that coach Adam Gase faced questions whether quarterback Jay Cutler should be benched in favor of Matt Moore.
Gase says no. The odious offense is a team effort, they say.
“We just need to be more on the same page and eliminate the mistakes where eight guys are doing it right and three guys are doing it wrong,” Gase says. “If anybody's doing it wrong, it needs to be down to one guy, to where we can still have success on the play.”
REELING TITANS: Tennessee quarterback Marcus Mariota is hampered by a strained hamstring, making their availability uncertain. An offense missing its QB — Matt Cassel is the backup — could put more pressure on the team's defense, which allowed Houston to score a franchise-record point total last week.
Cutler watched video of the Titans surrendering four touchdown passes by Texans rookie Deshaun Watson, but knows that's no guarantee Miami will be moved the ball.
“The way we're playing offensively, I don't think we can take anything for granted right now,” Cutler says. “If we flop it out there the way we have the last two games, they're going to eat us up.”
The start could be critical. The Dolphins have scored only three points in the first half this season.
“We want to make sure that we show them we're there to play early and don't give them any type of air to breathe,” Titans linebacker Avery Williamson says.
STICK TO THE GROUND: The Titans were the NFL's third-best rushing team in 2016, and they've dipped only slightly this season. They're averaging 138.8 yards rushing, which ranks sixth.
DeMarco Murray, who led the AFC in rushing last season, is averaging 5.1 yards per carry, and backup Derrick Henry is at 4.6. Mariota has been a key piece of the run game, averaging 5.8.
Miami Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh looks forward to tackling the challenge.
“To me, this is just like in college, when I remember being at Nebraska and playing against Virginia Tech,” Suh says. “You know it's smash-mouth football, and we're going to have fun with it. I enjoy it. I can't wait.”
While the season is off to a disappointing start, the Dolphins have improved their run defense, which ranks fourth in the NFL allowing 3.1 yards per carry. That's compared with last year's 4.8 average, worst in the league.
ROOKIE PROMOTED: Miami third-round draft pick Cordrea Tankersley made their NFL debut last week and played so well he's staying in the starting lineup.
“He's just really what we're looking for,” Gase says. “We like the tall, long corners that come up and press and play physical at the line of scrimmage.”
The 6-foot-1 Tankersley supplanted veteran Byron Maxwell, who might be back in the starting lineup this week because Xavien Howard is nursing a shoulder injury.
STUCK IN RED ZONE: Since the start of the 2015 season, Mariota has the NFL's best passer rating inside an opponent's 20 at 111.3, with 33 touchdowns and no interceptions. But the Titans quarterback has yet to throw a TD pass in the red zone through their first four games this season. Mariota has as many touchdowns running (three) as they have passing (three).
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Scenic Eclipse II promises to further strengthen Scenic's position in the cruise industry, setting an unparalleled benchmark in design, luxury and technology
Launching in 2020, Scenic Eclipse II will embark on their maiden voyage from Athens to Lisbon, before the debut sailing season, which will include the European and Russian Arctic, a region of diverse wildlife and habitat, well suited to discovery by Scenic's fleet of 6-star luxury meets expedition ships.
Itineraries will include remote and long sought after destinations including Russia's White Sea, a real treat for the explorers at heart, and a luxurious voyage that will more than satisfy those who long to experience the delights of an untamed territory; the Northwest Passage, which represents the pinnacle of Polar exploration; Southern Greenland, rarely visited with wilderness that offers some of the most spectacular and un-spoilt scenery anywhere on earth; and Alaska to Russia across the Bering Sea, to experience the stark beauty that this remote region has to offer.
Scenic Founder and Chairman, Glen Moroney said the expansion of Scenic's ocean cruise fleet was a natural progression for the company and one they were very excited about.
“Since we first announced our foray into ocean cruising we have had unprecedented interest in Scenic Eclipse, from guests keen to experience our unique blend of 6-star luxury meets expedition cruising,” Mr Moroney said.
“The debut of Scenic Eclipse II will not only allow us to expand our offering and pioneer new destinations, such as the Russian Arctic, it will also allow us to continue our passion for innovation in design and innovation in handcrafted itineraries, which we are confident will appeal to a wide variety of guests. Itineraries for the ship's debut season will be released in April 2018,” they added.
Building will commence next year in Pula, Croatia, where Scenic Eclipse is currently under construction. Scenic Eclipse II will be of similar design, including 114 all-verandah suites, nine restaurants, eight lounges and bars, a luxurious Spa sanctuary, separate fitness areas and indoor, outdoor and plunge pools, as well as a marina deck, helicopters and a submarine.
Angela Sloan, Head of Sales UK, said: “Scenic Eclipse will offer an experience of a lifetime, and we are thrilled that our ocean fleet is growing.”
“We have been overwhelmed with the response through travel agents for Scenic Eclipse, and can only expect even greater things from Scenic Eclipse II. These incredible yachts will venture to beautiful and unique locations, which could not previously be accessed; it is an exciting and innovative new product we are incredibly excited to offer.”
When it was released in theaters during the summer of 1982, “Blade Runner” made $6.2 million dollars, the equivalent of $18.6 million in 2017.
The film, directed by Ridley Scott and released by Time Warner Inc.'s TWX, -0.01% Warner Bros. studio, was anything but a commercial success. But for future fans of the film and aspiring filmmakers, “Blade Runner” had a significant impact.
Films like “Ghost in the Shell,” “The Fifth Element” and “The Matrix” can trace their linage to “Blade Runner.”
The film, adapted from Philip K. Dick's novel “Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep,” grossed just $32.9 million ($83.4 million adjusted for inflation) on a reported production budget of $28 million. The production for “Blade Runner” was famously fraught and, at the time, the film received mixed reviews.
But the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognized the film for its art direction and visual effects, nominating it for two Oscars, and “Blade Runner” has since been credited with sparking a sub genre within science fiction and pushing the envelope of filmmaking.
Read: ‘Blade Runner 2049' already looks like a hit
Also see: Box-office revenue is expected to bounce back in the fourth quarter
Kees Van Oostrum, president of the American Society of Cinematographers, told MarketWatch that the work Scott and director of photography (cinematographer) Jordan Cronenweth did inspire them and a generation of filmmakers.
“I was still in film school, doing mainly music videos at the time, and we were always talking about ‘Blade Runner,'” Van Oostrum said. “From a cinematography point of view, it was absolutely a breakthrough.”
©Warner Bros/Courtesy Everett Collection A scene from 1982's “Blade Runner.”
“Blade Runner,” despite initially failing to find an audience, was an innovation in filmmaking Van Oostrum said. The film's avant-garde lighting of subjects, not scenes, and the artistry in the close ups as well as spectacular wide shots spawned new norms.
This weekend, 35 years after the original's release, acclaimed director Denis Villeneuve's (“Arrival”) and 13-time Oscar-nominated cinematographer Roger Deakins's (“The Shawshank Redemption”) “Blade Runner 2049” will try to replicate an awe inspiring cinematic experience.
“Sure it's difficult. It's like asking a playwright to emulate Shakespeare — you're trying to imitate one of the very best. But if anyone can do it, it's [Roger Deakins],” Van Oostrum said.
The early reception of “Blade Runner 2049” seemingly validates Van Oostrum. Critics, while wondering whether it will be received well commercially, have called it visually stunning and a masterpiece.
Check out: Kate Winslet and Idris Elba's toughest moment in ‘The Mountain Between Us' wasn't subzero temp, it was a love scene
The film earned $4 million in limited Thursday night previews. By comparison, “The Martian” earned $2.5 million in its Thursday-night showings in 2015. Analysts at Box Office Pro forecast “Blade Runner 2049” will pull in $54 million in its opening weekend.
While the film has drawn immense interest from fans of the original, Van Oostrom said Villeneuve and Deakins, while inspired, will have done their own thing. The film will look different, and therefore feel different.
“Oh I think it will be quite different. We've moved on; we're not doing ‘Blade Runner' anymore,” Van Oostrum said. “‘Blade Runner' did something that hadn't been done before.
“Whenever people talk about the film, they talk about the end shots in the Bradbury Building, but sometimes you even have to look at the close ups in the film. It's fantastic and has been very very very inspirational for cinematography at large.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
WILMINGTON NC (WWAY) — Douglass Academy in Wilmington celebrated a very special day today. No, not Valentine's Day–Frederick Douglass' birthday.
Faculty and staff members spent the afternoon reading to the students at the charter school about the famous the abolitionist and civil rights leader. Afterwards, students ate cupcakes and sang “Happy Birthday” in their honor.
Douglass Academy staff said that they see the day as an opportunity to teach the importance and power of education, both past and present, and to reiterate the meaning of their school slogan.
“Education is so important. The school's motto is, ‘Once you learn to read, you will forever be free,' which is a quote from Frederick Douglass, and Frederick Douglass found freedom through education,” Jessica Lopez, Dean of English History and Latin said.
The school will also be hosting a Black History Month celebration on February 23.
Ice storm keeps press from 'Wrinkle in Time' red carpet Due to the storm, the press carpet was closed, but strangely there was a press line only for fotogs inside.
'Wrinkle in Time' and 'Black Mirror' star Gugu Mbatha-Raw's epic rise On the dreariest, drizzliest of winter days, Gugu Mbatha-Raw — bundled in a cozy ochre sweater and practical wellies — ducks into a Cobble Hill cafe. As they sit down,...
The author of 'A Wrinkle in Time' almost never got published As Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling are feted in almost every major magazine as the stars of the upcoming “A Wrinkle in Time” film adaptation, it seems surprising...
How Oprah transformed into a celestial goddess for 'Wrinkle' A supernatural being on the go needs a fresh new look every now and then. Mrs. Who, Mrs. Whatsit and Mrs. Which, the otherworldly entities from the film “A Wrinkle...
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
In iOS 9, Apple introduced Apple News and its associated News app as a replacement for Newsstand (see “The News about News in iOS 9,” 30 September 2015). News was more of a traditional RSS reader, although Apple also eventually gave publishers more control over the display of their articles with the proprietary Apple News Format. The company has yet to bring the News app to the Mac, although perhaps we'll see that in conjunction with whatever news service results from Apple's purchase of Texture (see “Apple Acquires the Digital Magazine Service Texture,” 12 March 2018).
Before I get into how you can read TidBITS in Apple News, I'd like to run a quick survey — how often do you use the News app? We have a few hundred responses already, and we'll report on the results next week.
﻿Loading…
For those who are already using the News app, I'm pleased to say that TidBITS is now available in Apple News via the Apple News Format, so our articles look better than ever before on both the iPhone and iPad, as you can see in these screenshots.
I hope providing our articles in Apple News Format will expose TidBITS to more people who are interested in Apple technology, but I have no idea if that will happen or even if we'll be able to tell.
In the meantime, if you use the News app, you can easily add TidBITS to your Following list, which makes it directly available and should include TidBITS articles with everything else you see in For You.
The easiest way to do this is to click this link while reading on your iPhone or iPad. That's the same as going to tidbits.com in Safari and tapping Get TidBITS > Apple News. (On the iPhone, tap the ellipsis button to the right of the logo, scroll down in the menu, and tap Apple News.) Either way, you'll be sent to the TidBITS channel in the News app. Tap the heart icon in the upper right to follow TidBITS.
Alternatively, you can follow these steps within the News app:
Tap Following in the toolbar at the bottom of the News app to bring up the Following screen. In the search field, type “TidBITS” and when it appears, tap the heart button. From then on, TidBITS appears in your Following list, and you can access the latest stories by tapping it.
A few quick notes about our Apple News integration:
We've created different sections for articles and Watchlist items — tap the links at the top to switch (Drafts is just for me). The Watchlist items aren't working as well as we'd like yet. News sometimes cuts off the icons we use for Watchlist items; I don't believe there's anything we can do about that. And on the iPad, the icons are ridiculously large.
There are currently no links to the comments for our articles. I'm looking into if it's possible to add them.
On an iPhone, screenshots can get pretty small. Remember that you can flip the iPhone to landscape orientation to make them bigger, or tap them and then pinch to zoom in, if you want to read some text or look at a detail.
If you use the standard iOS share sheet to share a link to one of our articles with a friend or colleague (please do!), you'll be sharing an https://apple.news link. It may look unusual, but it will open in News on iOS devices and will work normally in Web browsers on all other devices.
Let us know if you have any questions or comments on how we have things set up with Apple News. It's all done via to Publish To Apple News plug-in for WordPress from Alley Interactive, so we have only limited control.
‘10 Things I Hate About You' house hits the market “Don't ever let anyone make you feel like you don't deserve what you want,” said the late Heath Ledger's bad-boy character, Patrick Verona, in 1999 rom-com “10 Things I Hate...
Netflix series 'Everything Sucks!' isn't just for nostalgic '90s nerds Pop culture has been focusing its laser on the 1990s — and “Everything Sucks!” is the latest addition to that period in US history. “If you look at the pattern...
These insane '90s hair trends are back '90s hair accessories are back with a vengeance. First came the scrunchie, which returned in full force in 2017 on Mansur Gavriel's runway. Now, the decade's most cringe-inducing clips, bands...
Here is ‘Saved By the Bell' lipgloss, because why not How's this for a Flashback Friday? The beauty brand Sola Look is launching a “Saved by the Bell”-inspired lipstick collection on Feb. 3. The throwback set ($40) consists of three liquid metallic...
Millennials are flipping out for ‘Clueless' brunches and ‘Friends' musicals It may be 2018, but that doesn't mean the 1990s have stopped roaring. Nostalgic millennials looking for a dose of that decade's pop culture can get their fix at numerous...
Sorry, but 'Are You Afraid of the Dark?' doesn't hold up in 2017 Are you afraid of the dark? In 2017, I'm more afraid of my Twitter followers. But nevertheless, the internet is rejoicing about the possible return of the kid horror TV...
Getting nostalgic is actually really good for you When life gets tough for Rosie Fox, 27, they take themselves off to a place where they feel safe and comforted. Hogwarts. Curled up with their well-thumbed copy of “Harry...
This 90s tween retailer is coming back as a mobile pop-up The faded '90s mall favorite, Limited Too, is clawing its way back into brick and mortar by camping outside of the department stores from which it had hoped to be...
Why celebrities are paying $400 for $10 soccer shorts When Bella Hadid and Justin Bieber recently stepped out in the same pair of Off-White x Umbro shorts, a youth soccer relic was thrust into the street-style spotlight. Umbro, once a...
Kevin Keatts answers questions about the basketball season on February 14, 2017. (Photo: John Rendleman)
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — The UNCW men's basketball team is still in first place in the CAA despite losing three of their last five games. “It's a race,” UNCW head coach Kevin Keatts told WWAY on Tuesday. “We've got four games with two weeks left in the regular season and it's coming down to the wire and it's no different for us than the last couple years. We have a very challenging schedule with these four games and obviously going to Northeastern and Hofstra it's going to be a challenge for us.”
UNCW is currently 11-3 in the CAA. Charleston is a game behind with a 10-4 record. UNCW will face Northeastern on the road on Thursday, then Hofstra on the road on Saturday. The Seahawks finish out regular season at home against Towson on February 23 and then Northeastern on the 25th.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ambulance became trapped in the snow late this evening (December 11).
An image posted online shows the West Midlands Ambulance Service vehicle at Walnut Way in Longbridge at around 23.35pm.
There is no word currently as to the sort of incident the ambulance was attending when it became stuck.
The image, posted by Twitter use B31 Voices and sent in by Michelle Warren, asks that anyone local and free bring a shovel to help clear the snow.
Birmingham is in the middle of the harshest weather in recent memory.
After a weekend of disrupted services and heavy snow, temperatures have dropped well below freezing tonight.
The majority of schools will remain closed tomorrow (December 12) with plans to reopen on Wednesday. However, some have taken the decision to reopen early.
The ice warning issued by the Met Office will be lifted at around 11am tomorrow, although temperatures will remain low and there is still some snow forecast before the end of the week.
Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster.
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street they said they would go ask for the backing of the British electorate.
May insisted their negotiations with the European Union were being hindereed by their political rivals dur to the Conservative Party's narrow majority (of 17 MPs).
What is a snap election?
A snap election is an election called earlier than expected.
It refers to a general general election when not required.
In this case, the next general election was not scheduled to take place until 2020 as the last one had only been in 2015.
When is the 2017 general election?
June 8.
Why did Theresa May announce a snap general election?
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's statement from Downing Street announcing that a general election is to be held on June 8:
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result."
How did MPs react?
Andy Burnham, the Labour MP for Leith who ran for leadership of the Labour Party in 2015, accused the Prime Minister and the Conservatives of putting the party's interests "before the national interest".
Jess Phillips, Labour MP for Birmingham Yardley, echoed Mr Burnham's statement, saying: "So much for putting party before country".
Douglas Carswell, who defected as a Conservative MP to Ukip in 2014 before quitting Ukip in March, said: "If you voted UKIP in 2015, it's job done".
Deputy leader of the Scottish National Party Angus Robertson, said: "Whatever happened to 'now is not the time'? UK General Election: 8th June. Straight choice in Scotland between @theSNP and Tories. #VoteSNP".
By Yinka Ajayi
Austine Eneduwa-George is First Vice President, Federation of Tourism Association of Nigeria (FTAN). In this interview, Eneduwa – George bares their mind on how government can use the tourism sector to shore up the country's ailing economy, among other issues.
Evaluating tourism in Nigeria. Nigeria is far from the scope of tourism nomenclature. Look around and tell me how many tourist destinations you can find. The few ones we have are not encouraged by government and the host communities. Arbitrary taxes and levies are slammed on them, irrespective of whether their business is booming or not. Miscreants threaten visitors; extort them, sometimes with the consent of village heads. This is mainly due to lack of awareness and lack of guiding principles on the part of related government agencies. You find Nigerians going to Ghana, Kenya and Rwanda for vacation, not because there are no places to go in Nigeria but because when you visit a tourist centre in Nigeria, you get substandard service, yet they are expensive due to poor electricity supply.
Shoring up the economy
The federal and state governments can give tourist centres and destinations a special status and incentives. Government agencies should patronize these places rather than taking trainings and seminars outside the country or overwhelm hotels as if there are no tourist centres that need to be encouraged. You find that almost all events you hear of in Lagos are held in five-star hotels.
Net worth of tourist attraction
The net worth of the tourism sector in 2014 was estimated at US $4billion. Presently, the net worth is enormous and the prospects of job creation therein are outstanding. From tour guides to photographers, destination marketers, security personnel, suppliers, handlers and more, there are numerous jobs to be created in the sector. The challenge is that government agents don't believe in the tourism potentials of Nigeria. Many tourist destinations have no access roads, many also are not marketed. If government could start providing good roads to the destinations, then we will begin to scratch the surface in the tourism industry. Ikogosi Warm Spring is lying fallow, Erin Ijesha Waterfalls in Osun is virtually non-existent, but for youth corps members who visit for recreation. Villagers who inhabit these destinations sometimes are unaware of these locations even though they are located within their environment. This is due to the lack of awareness and proper education for the indigenous people and those who buy in are mostly not carried along. Most Nigerian festivals have no innovations and are still organised the way they were in the 70s. Government agencies and ministries are sometimes chased about by organizers for endorsement and participation which ordinarily should not be. Hence you have some carnivals organised for one or two years and they die. Government needs to be proactive and engage practitioners in the industry.
Partnering government to resolve challenges in tourism
We at FTAN are geared towards partnering with government to achieve the purpose of the tourism industry. My election as the 1st Vice President is a challenge to channel my ideas and talents to get things done properly. You appreciate that FTAN is a fusion of various tourism industry groups and associations such as the hoteliers association, tour guide association, travel agents, fast food association, tourism lawyers, tourism consultants association, among others. We also want to work with the various associations to up their games in terms of service delivery and efficiency, as members of FTAN board and EXCO are practitioners themselves. They should have a grasp and knowledge of the sector. We shall also help member associations to convey their challenges to government. Basically we will be liaising between government and the over 50 tourism associations. I believe so much in the association not only because I'm a member and 1st Vice President but also because of the caliber of individuals in the association who are technocrats with years of experience from Nigeria and abroad
VISA challenges for tourists
If government declares a state of emergency in the tourism industry, in 10 years' time we will be nearing Eldorado. One of the challenges tourists has is the visa regime in the country. The Federal Government has just started issuing tourist visas and visa on arrival. Government needs to do more in protection of foreign owned businesses in the country. Many hotels and tourism related franchises don't like to come to Nigeria due to lack of protection. Moreover, it's an issue when you invest in a country like Nigeria and you cannot access a green card equivalent and you are compelled to renew your resident permit at $1,000 dollars annually. This doesn't encourage any business person to invest fully in a country they or they are not guaranteed a stay. Some of these businesses can employ up to 500 people. Some of these foreigners can even invest and run some of our struggling tourist destinations but there must be incentives and guarantees for them to boldly bring in money to invest in our country. What happened in the case of Etisalat is a good case study. Investors will rather come to source for money from within so as to reduce risks or limit what they can bring, in case of an eventuality.
by
POLICE 1-3-17
12/14
Gina Nelson, EP. Cited for speed violation, 39/25.
12/15
April Sue Crowder, 39, SC. Arrested for criminal mistreatment 1 x 5, theft 3 x 5, fraud x 5, and possession of a controlled substance. Lodged JCJ.
Bradley Nick Horton, 49, EP. Arrested for failure to register address change as sex offender. Lodged JCJ.
12/16
Tina Reed, EP. Cited for speed violation, 48/25.
12/17
Carie Thorne, EP. Cited for speed violation, 40/25.
Paul Adam Vodden, 18, EP. Arrested for criminal mischief 1. Lodged JCJ.
12/18
David Kelm, WC. Cited for no valid operator's license.
12/20
Edith Arellano Luna, WC. Cited for speed violation, 67/45.
Hannah Michelle Hanson, 18, EP. Arrested for possession of a controlled substance/meth and on a Jackson County Circuit Court warrant for possession of a controlled substance/meth. Lodged JCJ.
12/21
Arnold Louis Perea, 53, EP. Arrested for assault 4 felonies, assault 4, and harassment. Lodged JCJ.
12/23
Kathryn McCullar, EP. Cited for speed violation, 39/25.
12/25
John Clark, EP. Cited for failure to use seat belt and warning for un-signaled or unlawful turn.
Steven Heady, EP. Cited for failure to use seat belt.
Marissa Palmer, SC. Cited for failure to use seat belt and expired registration.
Evanescence plan to return in a major way this year with a new album and a slew of accompanying tour dates. The band announced Synthesis, their fourth album, will arrive this fall. It marks their first release since 2011's self-titled project.
Synthesis is a collection of Evanescence's songs that are reimagined with a complete orchestra. Lead singer Amy Lee shared more details in a statement,
"This is a total passion project for me. There are so many layers in our music, underneath the huge drums and guitars. I've always wanted to shine a light on some of the gorgeous David Campbell arrangements and programming elements in our songs, and that idea snowballed into completely re-doing them with full orchestra, not just strings, elaborate programming and experimentation. This will be our first time touring with orchestra and I'm so excited to perform this way-really focus on the vocals, and the emotion and the story we've built over the years. I'm also really excited about the new material on the album. Besides the two new songs, there are some really beautiful instrumental in-between moments. The whole thing flows like a big, dynamic soundtrack."
by
This week's feature is a property listed for $199,900 at 303 Campus Avenue in Chestertown. For many people, “there's no place like home” better than the popular rancher design. The rooms in this rancher were generously sized and having an attached one-car garage was a plus. I liked that there was a small entrance hall with a full glass storm door to let in light.
The focal point for the large living room was a long multi-paned bow front window that spanned across most of the front of the room. The end wall contained a fireplace and space for bookcases on either side for a very pleasing living room.
The dining room had a double window at the rear and a view through the doorway to the living room bow window for additional light. The dining room was open to the large kitchen that also contained the laundry area. I liked the retro corner of the kitchen peninsula countertop with the semicircular open shelving below. My favorite room was the sunroom addition with windows on three sides for views to the rear yard that was landscaped for privacy.
For more information about this property, contact Doug Ashley with Doug Ashley Realtors LLC at 410-810-0010 (o), 410-708-0480 (c), or doug@dougashleyrealtors.com, “Equal Housing Opportunity”.
Jennifer Martella has pursued their dual careers in architecture and real estate since they moved to the Eastern Shore in 2004. Them award winning work has ranged from revitalization projects to a collaboration with the Maya Lin Studio for the Children's Defense Fund's corporate retreat in their home state of Tennessee. Them passion for Italian food, wine and culture led them to Piazza Italian Market where they are the Director of Special Events, including weekly wine tastings and quarterly wine dinners.
The Centre has directed PSUs to recognise degrees and diplomas acquired through open and distance learning from UGC recognised universities for recruitment purposes, after receiving several complaints in this regard.
The Ministry of Human Resource Development had written to the Department of Public Enterprises earlier this month saying it has been receiving many complaints about PSUs not recognising degrees /diplomas acquired in Open and Distance Learning (ODL) mode for the purpose of employment.
Acting on the letter, the Department of Public Enterprises said as recruitment to the below Board level posts is done by Boards of CPSEs, the administrative ministries/departments are requested to advise their CPSEs to take cognisance of the various notifications/circulars/public notices of Ministry of HRD and University Grants Commission.
“In this regard, it is mentioned that Government of India has consistently maintained that degree acquired through ODL mode are valid for employment in government and PSUs,” said R Subrahmanyam, Secretary in the HRD Ministry in the letter to their counterpart in Department of Public Enterprises Seema Bahuguna.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Brunt was hailed a “fantastic servant” by their manager Alan Pardew after the midfielder triggered a one-year contract extension.
Brunt's 22nd appearance of the season, in Saturday's 2-1 defeat at Bournemouth, activated a clause in their current deal.
The 33-year-old now has the option to move into a 12th campaign at the Hawthorns after joining the club from Sheffield Wednesday for £3 million in August 2007.
“He's been a terrific servant for this football club,” Pardew said.
“And I thought they were very good today (at Bournemouth).”
Brunt, who has taken an indefinite break from international football, has started all three games since they and Pardew came to blows after the disastrous home defeat to Huddersfield.
The pair exchanged words as Brunt tore into their manager and team-mates.
But Pardew later said they respected the Northern Irishman's passion and determination to put things right.
And the Londoner claimed they only substituted Brunt at Bournemouth to freshen up the midfield.
“I only took them off to get a bit more energy on the pitch and see if we could retrieve the situation,” Pardew said.
“I thought they were really good.”
Defeat on the south coast left Albion ten points behind 17th-placed West Ham United, who have a game in hand, and Crystal Palace in 16th.
West Brom's Premier League days look numbered, yet the outlook would all be very different if leads had been converted into victories.
Albion have won only three of the 13 games in which they scored first and have thrown away a staggering 24 points.
“I just think there are certain areas of the team where we make mistakes and get punished,” Pardew said, in answer to Albion's dreadful record.
“Saturday was particularly harsh. We didn't make many errors in the whole game but unfortunately we lost.
“I was pleased with every individual really.
“Unfortunately for us, we are running out of time.”
The Mall of America in Minnesota has been the headquarters for fans, players, media and literally anyone else around in the week leading up to Super Bowl LII between the Patriots and Eagles on Sunday.
From Tom Brady telling a ridiculous story about getting bit by a dog to playing Pictionary on one of the roller coasters, the mall has provided some delightful entertainment for the people there and who are watching from afar on the internet. But while it all seems like fun and games, there are apparently a couple things the mall will not tolerate.
Among them, Eagles chants.
Via NBC Sports Philadelphia:
After a particularly raucous moment and loud Eagles cheer on Friday afternoon, security was on the case looking for who started the chant. We were told by mall security that fans starting the Eagles cheer would be given a warning before eventually being removed from the establishment for starting the chant.
This might be easier said than done to enforce.
NBC Sports Philadelphia photographer Tom Kretchmer shooting Eagles fans singing Fly Eagles Fly at radio row in the Mall of America. There are Eagles chants everywhere. pic.twitter.com/206VDHZ1DU — Reuben Frank (@RoobNBCS) February 2, 2018
According to the mall's conduct rules, loud offensive language, intimidating behavior and demonstrating are on the list of don'ts, and chanting E-A-G-L-E-S could arguably fall under any of those categories, especially if you're a Vikings fan.
Masks are also not allowed, so fans should watch out if they want to put a dog over their faces.
Fabulous conditions greeted the superyachts and record J Class fleet today in Bermuda – and while Lionheart won the race, all eyes were on the brand new J Class Svea in their first race.
We expected them to be fast, but would the new J Class Svea be competitive too? It is a tall order for a boat, which in two years has gone from being bought as a bare aluminum hull to a race-ready J, to be on the starting line against the largest fleet yet.
And when you consider that four of their opposition in Velsheda, Ranger, Lionheart and Hanuman have raced and trained with a seasoned crew for years now, it would be easy to presume they might be out muscled from the off.
Not so. For although Lionheart and Ranger put in a near faultless performance to finish the peculiar triangular shaped course in first and second place, Svea was never far off their heels. See more about the J Class Svea below.
Here is some video action from the view of the press photographer's boat today, in near ideal flat-water conditions with wind ranging from 7 to 13 knots.
With all six Js looking very evenly matched on the water, it was all about the downwind start today – and when Lionheart and Ranger picked the left side and found favourable breeze they just needed to sail smartly and cleanly to maintain their lead.
Svea's quick decision to gybe early away from Velsheda and Hanuman and join the left side, was one that earned them third place. Not bad considering one of their crew later told me they hadn't yet practiced a downwind start.
Svea, the newest addition to the now nine-strong J Class fleet, is one of the single most outstanding new yachts of modern times. Svea's build programme has been a ruthless, unrelenting one since their American owner bought the bare hull. A serial yacht owner and experienced racer, their sights were firmly set on the Bermuda J Class regatta this June.
In just 17 months from signing the contract to their delivery, Svea was transformed from bare hull to a race-ready superyacht at Vitters – and one that was ready to sail across the Atlantic to their first race, just as the original Js were designed to do.
I lines and minimalist deck are kept spectacularly clean, thanks in part to the compact wheelhouse, sunken wheel and wonderfully low boom.
The lines for JS1, the J Class Svea, are from a Tore Holm design from 1937, the last J drawn but never built. Holm was one of the most gifted metre class designers. Andre Hoek reworked the design to make it competitive and applicable to modern day racing, their third J project in recent years following Lionheart and Topaz.
Even compared to these ‘Super Js' Svea is big.  They are (by six inches) the longest J overall at 43.6m /143.1ft LOA, with an ultra ergonomic deck layout that helps keep their lines uncluttered.
Svea's deck layout is optimised for modern racing thanks to a large cockpit directly in front of the wheel from which the main, genoa and running backstays are all controlled.
During their last training day in Palma in March, I sailed with Svea in race mode in similar conditions to today and spoke to Francesco de Angelis (the ex-Luna Rossa skipper hired as owner's coach).
Tomorrow, Thursday 15 June, is the last day of the Superyacht Regatta fleet racing before the Js start their own showcase J Class regatta on Friday. With Shamrock joining the mix to make it seven Js for the first time ever, it will certainly be a spectacle.
Residents are being given a final chance to have their say on plans for future development in Sunderland.
A last round of public consultation on Sunderland's Local Plan is being prepared.
The plan aims to deliver 13,410 new homes by 2033, and provide at least 95 hectares of land - the equivalent of more than 100 football pitches - for new businesses and jobs.
More than 5,000 residents responded to a consultation exercise which was held in August, September and October last year, the results of which have led to a number of changes being made to the plan.
Read more: Sunderland council bosses scrap proposal for permanent stopover site for gypsies and travellers
Sunderland City Council's cabinet approved and updated the changes in a meeting today - with another round of consultation scheduled to begin in mid-June.
Speaking at the meeting, Coun Michael Mordey, the deputy leader of the council, said: "The majority of respondents in the consultation opposed the identification of sites in the green belt for possible development.
"People were concerned about the impact development would have on existing communities, including impacts on schools and roads.
"Residents were also strongly opposed to the inclusion of a temporary site for Gypsies.
"People were concerned that the housing requirement was too high and that brownfield sites were not prioritised.
"Therefore, as this is a listening council, the plan has been updated to reflect more of the opinions about what our residents want."
Coun Mordey outlined that previously developed land in communities will be maximised for future developments, with 90% in the current urban area.
They also revealed that the number of possible development sites in the green belt has been reduced from 15 to 11, and that there will be no allocation of a temporary travellers' site.
The overall annual housing requirement has also been reduced from 768 to 745 a year.
More details on the next round of consultation are expected to be released in the coming weeks.
Coun Mordey said: "This consultation in June and July is different from previous rounds of consultation as its purpose is to seek views on if the plan and its documents are all sound and based on robust evidence.
"Once again, there will be an opportunity for as many people as possible to have their say and comment on the document."
The draft plan also includes a hot food takeaway policy to address the large number of such businesses in the city.
It also aims to improve transport links and backs an expansion of the Metro system in Sunderland.
Ireland's unbeaten streak at the FIBA U18 Women's European Championships finally came to an end in the final this evening, as they lost out 67-43 to Germany.
Promotion to Division A is still assured, as is the squad's status as Ireland's most successful ever basketball team, and they were given a standing ovation at the final buzzer by the capacity crowd who have supported them every step of the way through a superb tournament.
“It's incredible,” said Head Coach Tommy O'Mahony. “Night after night we rolled from one game to the other, we didn't get a chance to figure out what we'd just done. Tonight wasn't our night, but the girls have to realize what they've done and how big it is in the whole scheme of things. It's hard to believe, we won't comprehend it for a few weeks I'd say, but it's been great.”
It was the Germans' athleticism that caused problems early on, particularly through 6'3 power forward Nyara Sabally, who will join Oregon Ducks in Division I of the NCAA after the tournament. Louise Scannell helped to lift the siege with a massive three-pointer and Sabally soon hit the bench as foul trouble stunted their side's momentum. Ireland landed five free-throws from six attempts but couldn't handle Luisa Geiselsoder, who muscled their way to eight points and seven rebounds in the first quarter alone. Sorcha Tiernan's long two re-energized the crowd, before Laura Schinkel stroked home on the first quarter buzzer from 30 feet for Germany to lead 24-12.
The German's had an average winning margin of 37 points in the tournament and looked even more potent with their main weapons on the floor. It was the game's smallest player, Annaliese Murphy, who impressed with a long two but Ireland's offence was misfiring. They were 20 points behind before Claire Melia rallied the troops with a three-point play and Bronagh Power Cassidy capped a 5-0 run for a 41-26 half time score line. Dayna Finn led the charge to eat into Germany's lead in the third quarter.
Meanwhile, the winners were both penetrating inside and accurate from the perimeter, leaving Ireland short on means to shore up the defence. Once again it was substitute Annaliese Murphy who provided a spark with three-points from the win, but Germany had the game locked up at 60-35 by the end of the third. Ireland continued the fight in the fourth quarter, supported every step of the way by the sold out National Basketball Arena. Even as the game began to look out of reach, the crowd that had been around for every single one of Ireland's games, cheered and chanted. Germany steadily maintained their lead and it was clear they would see the game out.
This Irish team created history as the first international squad to reach a European final and also as the first Irish team to clinch promotion to the A Division. While it may not have worked out for them tonight, they have certainly cemented their place in Irish basketball history.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How They & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces them to give up their roller-blading dreams and go on tour with them instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate their proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate their proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
SARASOTA COUNTY, Fla. (WSVN) — The Sarasota County Sheriff's Office has put out a list of mobile applications which may be putting children at risk.
After sting where deputies arrested 21 online predators, the sheriff's office decided to release a list of nine applications frequently downloaded by children that can be utilized by predators for purposes of exploitation.
#WednesdayWisdom: Ask your kids to see their phones. After all, don't you pay their wireless bill? Browse through their apps. Do any look out of place? Dive in, ask questions and don't be afraid to BE A PARENT. #OperationInterceptSCSO #BeAParent #BecauseYouCare pic.twitter.com/MpkqwtN3GR — SarasotaSheriff (@SarasotaSheriff) May 30, 2018
Bumble: It's similar to the popular dating app, Tinder, however, it requires women to make the first contact. Kids have been known to use Bumble to create fake accounts and falsify their age.
It's similar to the popular dating app, Tinder, however, it requires women to make the first contact. Kids have been known to use Bumble to create fake accounts and falsify their age. Snapchat: It's one of the most popular apps of 2018. While the app promises users can send a photo or video and it will disappear, recent features allow users to view content for up to 24 hours. Snapchat also allows users to see your location.
It's one of the most popular apps of 2018. While the app promises users can send a photo or video and it will disappear, recent features allow users to view content for up to 24 hours. Snapchat also allows users to see your location. Kik: This app allows anyone to contact and direct message your child, sometimes anonymously. Kids sometimes use Kik to bypass traditional text messaging features. Kik gives users unlimited access to anyone, anywhere, anytime.
This app allows anyone to contact and direct message your child, sometimes anonymously. Kids sometimes use Kik to bypass traditional text messaging features. Kik gives users unlimited access to anyone, anywhere, anytime. LiveMe: This live-streaming video app uses geolocation to share videos so users can find out a broadcaster's exact location. Users can earn coins within the app and use them as a way to pay minors for photos.
This live-streaming video app uses geolocation to share videos so users can find out a broadcaster's exact location. Users can earn coins within the app and use them as a way to pay minors for photos. Holla: The app's makers admit it's an “addicting” video chat app. It allows users to meet people all over the world in just seconds. Reviewers say they have been confronted with racial slurs, explicit content, and more.
The app's makers admit it's an “addicting” video chat app. It allows users to meet people all over the world in just seconds. Reviewers say they have been confronted with racial slurs, explicit content, and more. Whisper: This is an anonymous social network that promotes sharing secrets with strangers. It also reveals a user's location so people can meet up.
This is an anonymous social network that promotes sharing secrets with strangers. It also reveals a user's location so people can meet up. Ask.fm: This app has become known for cyberbullying. The app encourages users to allow people to anonymously ask them questions.
This app has become known for cyberbullying. The app encourages users to allow people to anonymously ask them questions. Calculator%: This is one of several secret apps used to hide photos, videos, files, and browser history.
This is one of several secret apps used to hide photos, videos, files, and browser history. Hot or Not: This app encourages users to rate other users' profiles, with the focus on physical appearance. It also allows users to check out people in their area and chat with strangers. The sheriff says the goal of this app is to “hook up.”
The sheriff said checking your child's phone is a good way to ensure your child does not fall into the hands of a sexual predator.
“I would get into these apps and test each one of them and it may be interesting to see who your child is communicating with,” the sheriff said.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MIAMI (WSVN) - The sister of a woman who, police said, was stabbed by a man before they were fatally shot by a responding police officer in Miami Lakes, hailed the law enforcer as a hero.
Yudmila Rodriguez and Miami Police Officer Rafael Horta met at the Miami Fraternal Order of Police Headquarters, Monday afternoon. Rodriguez said the rookie officer saved the life of their sister, Yurine Rodriguez-Perez.
“She would be dead. You did the right thing in the right moment,” Rodriguez said to Horta. “From all my family, thank you to you.”
Witnesses described the terrifying moments when Rodriguez-Perez was nearly killed by their ex-boyfriend, Relvi Rodriguez-Palenzuela, at the intersection of 64th Avenue and Miami Lakes Drive, Sunday, just after 7 p.m.
But Horta, who was off duty and on their way home, heard the 911 call and intervened.
“I see the police and a gun in the hand, and they were [saying], ‘Outside the car. Outside the car,'” said Walter Vilella.
A woman who asked not to be identified or show their face on camera said Rodriguez-Palenzuela was holding their ex-girlfriend at knifepoint. “He was holding them on their neck,” they said.
Police said the assailant, who had dated Rodriguez-Perez for several months before they separated in July, had stabbed their ex-girlfriend after the former couple's fight escalated.
Investigators said Rodriguez-Palenzuela did not comply with Horta's command to get away from the victim, forcing the officer to fire.
“It was their life or my sister,” said Rodriguez.
Rodriguez-Palenzuela died at the scene.
Paramedics airlifted Rodriguez-Perez to Jackson Memorial Hospital with multiple stab wounds. They have since been released.
Horta, who has been on the job five months, is unable to speak on the incident, but they did read a statement. “I'm proud to be a Miami Police officer. I thank God for allowing me to serve the community,” they said. “I pray that they recover from their injuries, and I want to thank the community for their support.”
The officer involved was placed on administrative duty as the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigates, per protocol.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who overthrew a veteran Democratic member of congress in a stunning upset last week, and Donald Trump, who beat a rival thought to be a shoo-in for president, have a lot more in common that you might think.
Both come from New York's outer boroughs, were elected in their first run for office, stand near the far side of their respective political spectrum, consider themselves agents of change and want to shake up the body politic.
They also have many dissimilarities – they lost the popular vote by nearly three million while they won by a whopping landslide and without the help of a hostile foreign power.George Penn, who owns the Phase One Barbershop in the Bronx neighborhood where Ocasio-Cortez grew up, summed it up in a Washington Post interview. Voters threw out 10-term Democrat Joe Crowley in favor of a newcomer half their age because “when you see nothing is really changing, you say, let me try something new.”Trump rode that horse to the White House in 2016 and Democrats are hoping they and their congressional acolytes have botched the job so badly that they can ride a blue wave back into power in at least one chamber if not both houses of Congress.Her election also signals the need for Democrats, as JFK would say, to pass the torch to a new generation of leaders. The current House Democratic leadership are all closing in on 80.Ocasio-Cortez, 28, is on track to be the youngest woman ever elected to Congress. I know a bit about their district, and nothing at all. Most of the Queens sections were represented in the Sixties and Seventies by Benjamin S. Rosenthal; I was their legislative assistant for nine of those years. The district was largely white and about 40% Jewish, the new 14th is about 4% Jewish, multiracial and multiethnic, not unlike Ocasio-Cortez.Her controversial views on Israel won't impact their election but could give heartburn to many other Democrats. After 60 Palestinians were killed in protests at the Gaza border this spring, they called it a “massacre” and said Palestinians “deserve basic human dignity, as anyone else.”The Anti-Defamation League criticized them for comparing the Hamas-sponsored demonstrations to the American civil rights movement.“I had a lot of Jewish Americans who thanked me” for speaking out on Gaza, they said.Jeremy Ben-Ami, president of the left-leaning peace lobby J Street, said, “we celebrate” a new generation of candidates who oppose “the policies of Netanyahu's far right coalition.”Ocasio-Cortez's victory is a harbinger of trouble ahead for Israel under its present leadership.She represents a new generation of progressives whose view of Israel is influenced by its long occupation, not its history of precarious survival. They have much to learn about Israel. The Gaza “demonstrations” were organized by Hamas not just to play for world attention and sympathy but also to use human shields to infiltrate terrorists into Israel to murder civilians and try to kidnap soldiers and others.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, in partnership with the Republican Party, has weaponized support for Israel. Together they have turned it into a partisan competition to see which party can be more pro-Israel. Republicans are winning, and they're doing it without the help of American Jewry.Israel is no longer a top priority for most Jewish voters except in time of existential crisis, and today's Jewish state is a regional nuclear and economic superpower that outweighs all its adversaries combined.The more Israel and its leaders align themselves with Trump and the far right of the GOP, the more progressives – including Jews – will turn away. Evangelicals, whose prophetic views of the region align closely with Israel's far right, are driving the Israel agenda these days, not AIPAC and the Jewish old guard. Were it not for the Christian right so critical to Trump, the US Embassy would still be in Tel Aviv.By allowing Israel to become a partisan issue – indeed, encouraging the shift – both the Netanyahu government and the American Jewish establishment represented by AIPAC have done more to endanger Israel's security than anything Iran, Hamas, Hezbollah or the Syrians could ever accomplish.Ocasio-Cortez and other progressives have endorsed the anti-Israel Boycott Divest and Sanction movement, which started out as a protest against far-Right Israeli policies but has been co-opted by antisemites and others who have turned it into a movement to delegitimize the Jewish state. They need education, not denunciation.Younger, more progressive Jews are increasingly disillusioned with an Israel led by right wing extremists who profess adoration for an American president they adamantly oppose. Instead they see Israel turning toward theocracy and apartheid and away from democracy and peace and reconciliation with Palestinians.The message for Israel in the election in the 14th congressional district of New York and the challenge facing the Jewish state today is reestablishing the historic bipartisan consensus built on the pillars of shared values, human rights, democracy and security. That can't be done until both nations elect leaders who can put the welfare of their nations and its people ahead of their lust to advance their personal fortunes and power.
Welcome to today's Birmingham City live blog for Monday, August 14.
It's transfer season.
Birmingham is intent on stepping up the Harry Redknapp revolution this summer.
Redknapp has already snapped up David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh Ndoye.
He's keen on adding a number of further arrivals, too, with a number of players targeted in the aim of improving their side.
Redknapp is still in the hunt for new options to their forward line ahead of Tuesday's clash at home to Bolton Wanderers, but can be encouraged by their side's 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Will today be the day the latest signing is confirmed?
The Birmingham Mail's live BCFC blog will bring you updates on all the Blues news and rumours as they happen - so stay tuned!
A seven-year-old ‘little drummer girl' has been tipped for stardom after videos of their playing went viral – earning their fans including MC Hammer and Stormzy.
Clips of Geneva Jordan performing famous tunes with ease have been watched by thousands after they were posted online by their proud parents.
The talented schoolgirl took up the instrument to follow in the footsteps of their dad Eugene Jordan, 31, who plays at their local church.
They began by hitting drumsticks on pillows and chairs but got their own kit for their birthday in December and now practises for an hour every day.
The curly-haired cutie – whose idol is Michael Jackson – also films a video a week of them covering their favourite song of the moment.
The clips have made turned them into an internet sensation – with musicians including MC Hammer sharing them with their millions of followers.
They also count British grime artist Stormzy, ‘American Girl' singer Estelle and Ariana Grande's drummer Aaron Spears as fans after they praised them online.
MC Hammer wrote: “She's amazing with excellent timing and soulfulness. Bright musical future,” while Stormzy said: “Yes queen show them.”
Proud dad Eugene, a writer of Luton, Beds., who's been playing the drums since they were six, said: “I can never stop smiling when Geneva is playing the drums.
“I think she's really good and super cute but I'm biased. People just see their enthusiasm and that they have a feel for the groove.
“It's uncommon in a seven year old, especially a little girl. It's something you can't teach.
“Geneva absolutely loves music. There isn't a minute in the day goes by when we aren't listening to something.
“My wife and I decided to get them a drum kit for their birthday because they were always trying to play the drums with me at church.
“She would try to hit the snare when I wasn't looking or climb onto the stage.
“Now they practise pretty much every day and when she's not playing, they will be drumming their fingers on the dinner table or on their legs in the car.
“We've been filming them since they were little but I've been blown away by the reaction to their cover videos.
“We tag the artists in them, but you never really think these megastars are going to reach out and speak to a seven year old. It really encourages her.”
Geneva, who is home-schooled by mum Keysha, 32, has covered artists including Estelle, Stormzy and Lauryn Hill and also vlogs weekly.
She's modelled for Morrison's, Monsoon and Mothercare and dreams of starting a girl band, starring in movies and campaigning for human rights.
The bright youngster said: “Ever since I was younger I wanted to be on stage and on the drums and when my parents saw that they got me a drum kit.
“I like playing the drums because I get to exercise my wrists and experience celebrities reposting my videos.
“I feel awesome when I play. I've been playing for six or seven months and I think I'm doing well so far. Practice makes perfect.”
Category: News
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
President of the Senate, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has called for collaboration of the 36 States' Assembly in the amendment of the 1999 Constitution to provide for State and Community Policing in the country.
Saraki spoke when the 36 States Assembly Speakers, led by its Chairman and Speaker of the Gombe State House of Assembly, Hon. Abdulmumin Ismaila Kamba, paid a thank-you visit to leadership of the Senate, for passing the Bill which granted financial autonomy to State Legislatures.
The President of the Senate, according to a statement by their Special Assistant on Print Media, Chuks Okocha, stated that State and Community Policing in the country has become imperative due to rising security challenges.
Saraki said: “You are all aware of the challenges we are currently facing in this country, particularly that of insecurity. There is no doubt that the security architecture of this country presently cannot meet the demands and challenges before it.
“One of the decisions we took today is to address the issue of State and Community Policing. In doing that, we gave our Constitution Amendment Committee two weeks to bring to the floor a Bill on State and Community Policing. The House of Representatives is also working along similar lines.
“We will send it to the States' Assembly to seek your support. We believe that no responsible country or society can continue to watch helplessly as our people are being killed.
“We must appeal to our people that we must live in peace and harmony and we must be able to resolve our issues peacefully. As Speakers, I urge you to play your part,” they stated.
Earlier, the Chairman of the States' Assembly Speakers Conference, Hon. Kamba, said that they were at the National Assembly to thank the leadership of the Senate for passing the State Assembly Financial Autonomy bill which has been signed into law.
MIAMI — Panama's exiled former president was arrested in Florida late Monday after being accused of political espionage by their successor in the Central American nation.
Ricardo Martinelli was detained near their home in Coral Gables and was being held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami, U.S. Marshals Service spokesperson Barry Golden told NBC News.
Ricardo Martinelli in 2013 Carlos Jasso / Reuters
Martinelli served as head of state from 2009-2014.
They were expected to appear before a federal judge Tuesday for an extradition hearing, according to Golden.
The request to arrest Martinelli was made though Interpol and they are not facing any U.S. charges, officials said.
Details of the charges were due to be disclosed at Tuesday's hearing.
The Panamanian supermarket tycoon has been living in the U.S. for two years since their country's top court opened an investigation into allegations that they embezzled public money and spied on political opponents, Reuters and the Miami Herald reported.
Martinelli has denied any wrongdoing. In a Twitter post last month, they alleged that their successor, Juan Carlos Varela, was going after them to divert attention from their own problems.
Varela served as Martinelli's vice president but they have sparred bitterly since the transfer of power.
Donna Paine reported from Miami. Alastair Jamieson reported from London. Reuters contributed to this report.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- “When I hear Nazi, Neo-Nazi, it goes through me like an electric shock,” said Sonia Warshawski, a Kansas City-area Holocaust Survivor.
Warshawski survived three different Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust in World War II.
Even now, all these years later, it pains them to discuss it.
“The horrors are unimaginable,” they said.
Warshawski said watching white power and Neo-Nazi groups in Virginia over the weekend is like re-living a nightmare. They say she's speaking out to keep a promise from their time in a concentration camp.
“The dying said: ‘If you make it, remember to tell the story. The real story and what took place'. It's impossible for normal people to believe what they did to us," they said.
For years after the war, Warshawski didn't talk about their time in places like Auschwitz, where the S.S. burned a serial number into their arm. Until on the radio one day, they heard someone denying that the Holocaust ever happened.
“It's like a thunder came to my brain: ‘Hey, Sonia! This is the reason you survived. You have to tell the world to let them know what you have seen,'” they recalled.
And Warshawski admits there's another reason she's speaking out. Warshawski claims there are chilling similarities between the mood in Germany and Poland all those years ago, and what she's seeing in America in 2017.
“You don't have any idea because I tell you, any normal person will never understand, and feel it, what was done. In the 20th century! That's the reason I say: it can happen again,” they said.
IT'S ALL ART Art Spiegelman described their work the other day as “doing stuff against the grain.” But with the Jewish Museum's respectable exhibit “Art Spiegelman's Co-Mix: A Retrospective,” opening...
Change text size for the story
Farmers remain defiantly optimistic in the face of tumbling commodity prices and trade wars, according to a monthly survey conducted by Purdue University.
Their optimism actually increased marginally in June, surprising the Purdue team.
The June barometer reading of 143 was two points higher than May.
The barometer is based on a monthly survey of 400 agricultural producers from across the United States.
There is nothing similar in Canada.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah is the roaring favourite to be the Premier League top goalscorer - if bookies are to be believed.
The Egyptian has already scored 28 goals in their first season for the Reds, after netting four against Watford on the weekend.
That puts them four goals ahead of perennial top scorer Harry Kane in the running.
Salah is now widely 1/8 to be the top scorer with bookies, while Tottenham striker Kane is as long as 9/1 with some.
Sergio Agüero is the third favourite, having knocked in 21 goals already this season, and Skybet make them 12/1.
Next is Manchester United's Romelu Lukaku, an early season favourite to take the title.
While Kane gets 57 per cent of their shots on target, Salah gets 61 per cent.
And Salah has scored a goal every 93 minutes on the pitch, compared to 97 with Kane.
By Scott T. Sterling
When he's not recording heartbreaking songs, Sam Smith can be pretty funny.
Related: Sam Smith Announces New Album ‘The Thrill of It All'
Set to serve as the musical guest on this week's episode of Saturday Night Live (Oct. 7), Smith teamed up with host Gal Gadot of Wonder Woman fame and cast member Kenen Thompson for a pair of comedic promos.
In the first, Smith even gets to deliver the punchline, as they cheekily offer a personal makeup tip.
It's Smith's second time as the musical guest on SNL, following their debut in 2014.
Watch the promos below.
The proportion of marketing-email subscribers who use Gmail for those subscriptions has jumped 76% since 2014, according to recent research from Yes Lifecycle Marketing.
The report was based on data from more than 7 billion emails sent by brands in 3Q17 via the Yesmail360i platform. The researchers also looked at data from the previous three years as part of the analysis.
In 3Q14, some 17% of all subscribers to brands' email programs were using Gmail. That percentage increased to 30% in 3Q17.
Some 49% of consumers who opted into marketers' email programs in the previous 90 days use Gmail.
That's compared with 15% who use Yahoo, 8% who use Hotmail/Outlook, 3% who use AOL, and 26% who use other ISPs.
Some 40% of Gmail users who subscribe to marketers' email campaigns were active in the previous 90 days; that's compared with 17% of Yahoo users, 11% of Hotmail/Outlook users, and 5% of AOL users .
About the report: The report was based on data from more than 7 billion emails sent by brands in 3Q17 via the Yesmail360i platform.
CONCACAF has announced the final rosters for the upcoming U17 Championships in Panama and FC Dallas striker Bryan Reynolds has been named to the squad.
The 15 year old Reynolds was signed as FCD's 17th homegrown player on November 22, 2016.
The Men's Under-17 Championship, which kickoff on April 21st, will qualify four CONCACAF representatives to the FIFA U-17 World Cup India 2017. The Maracana Stadium will play host to all group stage and classification round matches, while the historic Rommel Fernandez Stadium will host the championship match on Sunday, May 7, 2017.
Here's the final US roster:
GK: CJ Dos Santos (S.L. Benfica/POR); Justin Garces (Kendall FC/USA);
DF: Chris Gloster (New York City FC/USA); Jaylin Lindsey (Sporting KC/USA); James Sands (NYCFC/USA); AJ Vasquez (FC Golden State/USA); Akil Watts (IMG Academy/USA);
MF: George Acosta (Weston FC/USA); Taylor Booth (RSL-Arizona/USA); Chris Durkin (DC United/USA); Blaine Ferri (Solar Chelsea/USA); Chris Goslin (Atlanta United FC/USA); Indiana Vassilev (IMG Academy/USA); Adrian Villegas (Portland Timbers/USA);
FW: Andrew Carleton (Atlanta United/USA); Zyen Jones (Atlanta United FC/USA); Ayo Akinola (Toronto FC/USA); Bryan Reynolds (FC Dallas/USA); Josh Sargent (Scott Gallagher Missouri/USA); Tim Weah (Paris St. Germain/FRA)
Dems Tout Equifax, Wells Fargo in Fight Over Arbitration
Equifax and Wells Fargo. Democrats determined to stop Republicans from overturning a consumer-oriented rule are using the scandals roiling both companies to hammer the GOP's efforts. A hack of Equifax's computer system exposed the sensitive personal information of 143 million Americans. Wells Fargo was fined $100 million by federal regulators for its illegal sales practices in which employees trying to reach unrealistic sales goals opened accounts without customers' permission.
In July, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau decided to ban most types of mandatory arbitration clauses. The clauses require credit card or bank customers to use an arbitrator when they have a dispute rather than sue in court, and the clauses were commonly used by both companies.
The House has since voted to block the consumer bureau's rule. Now the clock is ticking on action by Senate Republicans.
"These companies did terrible, terrible wrong and they want to prevent consumers from having rights to sue them. That is outrageous," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said at a news conference Wednesday in the Capitol. "Put simply, we're urging our Republican colleagues to say no to immunity for Equifax, Wells Fargo or anyone else who does such horrible financial misdeeds."
Democrats argued that, without the new rule, companies will be able to keep private those disputes pursued through mandatory arbitration.
"They allow corporate America to take advantage of a shadow justice system," Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., said of the arbitration clauses.
Banks have strongly opposed banning arbitration clauses, arguing that arbitration is a more efficient way of handling small disputes and that class-action lawsuits largely benefit the lawyers handling the cases.
In voting to overturn the rule in late July, House Republicans said the average payout for consumers in financial class-action lawsuits was $32 and attorneys made nearly $1 million.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has not scheduled a vote on repealing the rule, but Democratic aides said they are trying to get fellow Republicans on board with repeal of the rule.
With Equifax's former CEO expected to testify before congressional panels next week, a news conference Wednesday gave Democrats an opportunity to link the credit reporting agency with the use of arbitration clauses.
"Whether it is fake accounts at Wells Fargo or a massive data breach at Equifax, recent scandals have demonstrated that consumers need to access the justice system when a big, powerful company opens accounts in their name, without their consent, and leaves them vulnerable to fraud by failing to secure their personal data," said Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto, D-Nev.
Equifax, after criticism from consumer advocacy groups, announced that it had removed arbitration clauses for those who enroll in its free credit monitoring and identity theft protection.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
The old Palmersville School Gym burned down as a result of a fire that occurred on Saturday, January 28, while the gym was being demolished.
Longtime Palmersville residents recently expressed their sadness over the loss of the gymnasium at the former Palmersville School, which was taken down during a controlled burn on January 28. Others were more concerned about the possibility of the fire getting out of control.
Workers hired to demolish the old Palmersville Gymnasium continue to clear debris from the site. However, plans call for leaving the remaining sections of the school building intact.
Former students say that Palmersville School brings back many fond memories and it will always have a special place in their hearts.
(See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
Associated Press
KETCHIKAN, Alaska — A 71-year-old woman has completed their mission of performing a headstand in all 50 states.
The Ketchikan Daily News reports retiree Anne Bruinooge checked the last state off their list Thursday as they laid down a mat and did a headstand outside of the Alaska newspaper's office.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Bruinooge says they have been traveling around the country for the past decade, doing headstands in every state that they and their husband visit.
Bruinooge, who is an avid participant of yoga, says their motivation was simply “the fun of doing headstands.”
Bruinooge says they aren't sure if anyone else has ever attempted to do a headstand in each state.
THORSBY, Alta. — A gas station attendant was killed Friday afternoon after what police call a "gas and dash" at a fuel station in Thorsby, Alta.
RCMP Sgt. Corey Kyle said it appears a driver of a stolen truck was speeding away from the Fas Gas station without paying for fuel when the fatality occurred.
A witness from a nearby tire shop told CTV News they heard yelling and when they went outside, they saw a large white cube van driving away with the gas station employee hanging onto the passenger side mirror.
The witness said the van headed north for a distance before swerving, tossing the man from its side before running over him.
"He was on the side of the cube van, they may have been trying to stop the van, and it appeared they had fallen off," said Kyle, who added a number of investigators were on scene and a crime scene analyst was reconstructing what happened.
The 54-year-old victim died at the scene.
Mounties were still searching for both the van, with a sign for Middleton Flooring Ltd. on the side, and the driver.
Ironically, it was not the only gas and dash the detachment dealt with on Friday.
They said in a news release they had arrested two people in a gas and dash involving a school bus that had earlier been stolen from the Rimbey area.
They also said the suspects are believed to have stolen a truck from a man who stopped to assist them on the highway, and to have stabbed another civilian whose car they tried to steal.
That driver suffered a cut which was treated on scene.
In August, a 22-year-old man was sentenced to 11 years in prison for a gas-and-dash that killed Calgary gas-station worker Maryam Rashidi, 35.
They were run over by Joshua Cody Mitchell when they tried to stop them from taking off without paying for $113 worth of fuel.
Rashidi and their husband had come to Canada from Iran in 2014. They had been working at the Centex gas station for just two weeks after being laid off from their engineering job during Calgary's economic downturn.
Mitchell was convicted of manslaughter, hit and run and theft.
(CTV Edmonton, The Canadian Press)
The Canadian Press
Unsubsidized wind and solar now the cheapest source for new electric power
Between 2015 and 2021, China is expected to install 40% of all worldwide wind energy and 36% of all solar.
Credit: NASA
While investments in renewable energy slumped last year, a big drop in unsubsidized costs for new wind and solar power installations indicated that they remain popular energy alternatives.
Last year, the average "levelized cost" or total cost of generating power from solar worldwide dropped 17% percent, onshore wind costs dropped 18% and offshore wind turbine power costs fell 28%, according to a new report from the United Nations and Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF).
Credit: Department of Energy. (Click for larger image).
"Well, after the dramatic cost reductions of the past few years, unsubsidized wind and solar can provide the lowest cost new electrical power in an increasing number of countries, even in the developing world -- sometimes by a factor of two," Michael Liebreich, chairperson of the Advisory Board at BNEF, said in the report.
The average capital cost for solar power projects of new construction in 2016 was 13% lower than in 2015, while for onshore wind the drop was 11.5% and for offshore wind, 10%.
Credit: UN/BNEF. (Click for larger image).
"It's a whole new world: even though investment is down, annual installations are still up; instead of having to subsidize renewables, now authorities may have to subsidize natural gas plants to help them provide grid reliability," Liebreich said.
Last year, more gigawatts of solar power were added (75GW) than of any other technology for the first time. Trailing behind solar, in order of net gigawatts installed, were wind, coal, gas, large hydroelectric, nuclear and biomass.
Renewable energy accounted for 55% of new worldwide power last year, or a total of 138.5 gigawatts (GW). That compares with 127.5GW of new renewable energy in 2015; and renewable power installed in 2016 was done so at a cost 23% lower than 2015, the report showed.
Credit: UN/BNEF. (Click for larger image).
Since 2010, the dollars committed per year to new renewable energy worldwide -- excluding hydroelectric -- have increased roughly five-fold, and have since oscillated between $234 billion and $312 billion, the report said.
"A major reason why installations increased, even though dollars invested fell, was a sharp reduction in capital costs for solar photovoltaics, onshore and offshore wind," the report said.
At the same time, because of the drop in prices, last year, the overall investment in renewable energy plummeted 23% to $241.6 billion from the record established in 2015; it was the lowest total investment since 2013.
1 2 Next Page
By: Michael Mut, Miami-Dade County Public Information Officer
Sun, family, friends, fun. The summer months are approaching and weather conditions in Miami-Dade are becoming ideal for cookouts and pool parties. Here are seven ways to keep mosquitoes from ruining your outdoor fun:
Drain standing water.
Back yards are often filled with items than can collect water and serve as breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Make sure you check for, and drain or treat with larvicide, the following usual suspects: barbeques, ponds, buckets, tires, toys, wheelbarrows, water gardens, sumps, open boats, items covered with tarps, tree holes, etc. Use screens to cover rain barrels.
Empty or clean birdbaths, fountains and pet water dishes regularly.
Mosquitoes—particularly the pesky Aedes aegypti species which can carry the Yellow Fever and Zika viruses—have a very short life cycle, and can mature from egg to adult within a week, sometimes less. This means you should change out the water in your pet's outdoor dish and in birdbaths once or twice weekly. An alternate to flushing out ornamental fountains and birdbaths is to treat them with Bti (Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis), a common larvicide found locally at hardware stores in granule and briquette forms. Bti is harmless to humans, four-legged animals and birds.
Clear your rain gutters.
Miami-Dade's rainy climate means many homes have rain gutters to keep water clear from windows and doorways. But falling leaves and debris can accumulate and clog portions of the gutters, leading to small, standing pools of water. Mosquitoes love to lay eggs in rain gutters, so check them and clear them periodically.
Cover your exposed skin with clothing or repellant.
Another effective way to fight the bite is to cover up your skin with long pants, long sleeves, socks, shoes and hats, especially at dawn and dusk. Apply mosquito repellant to your skin, using proven-to-be-effective products containing DEET, picaridin, oil of lemon eucalyptus, or IR3535. Use mosquito netting to protect infants younger than two months. Repellants containing picaridin are safe for use on clothing.
Maintain your bromeliads (and other water-holding plants) on a regular basis.
An ornamental plant found throughout the area, bromeliads are popular because they are attractive and easy to maintain. Unfortunately, something else loves bromeliads: mosquitoes. In Miami-Dade County, several species of the pesky pests lay their eggs in bromeliads, including the Aedes aegypti. The good news is you can prevent them from doing so by treating the water that accumulates in your bromeliads with Bti granules.
Maintain the water balance (pool chemistry) of swimming pools, and empty plastic swimming pools not in use.
There's nothing appealing about a swamp-thing-green-colored swimming pool. You should check for and maintain proper levels of pool water chemistry weekly, or hire a professional to do it for you. Using an electronic timer to run your pool pump daily and keeping your pool filter clean are also essential to keeping mosquitoes at bay. If you use a small plastic pool for the kiddies, be sure to empty and store it upside-down or vertically when not in use.
Use the County's 311 Contact Center.
The 311 Contact Center provides a fast, simple and convenient way for residents to get information about local government services, including mosquito control. 311 is conveniently accessible by phone, Internet and mobile app, and you can report a mosquito nuisance, or request an inspection of your property by using it. The county's Contact Center agents speak English, Spanish and Creole.
For more mosquito control information and tips and, please visit www.miamidade.gov/mosquito or call 311.
Above content provided by Miami-Dade County.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
This is why diabetics have a higher risk of going blind Did you know that abnormal blood sugar levels increase your risk for several eye diseases and blindness? Here's how diabetes affects your eyes and how you can take care of your vision.
Regular eye examinations are crucial for diabetics. ~
It has been proven that diabetics have a higher risk of blindness and other eye problems.
However, with the correct care and intervention you can protect your eyes and detect any complications before they affect your vision.
The link between diabetes and the eyes
To understand the link between diabetes and eye problems, it's important to understand how your eye works.
Your eye is protected by a tough outer clear membrane, called the cornea. It protects the eye while letting light pass through.
After light passes through the cornea, it goes through the pupil to a space called the anterior chamber and onward to another lens that enables you to focus on objects. The light then passes through another chamber in the centre of the eye and finally travels to the retina at the back of the eye.
The image is now captured and sent to the brain to be decoded. The macula, an important part of the retina, enables you to see clearly. This part is nourished by the nervous system and tiny blood vessels.
Having chronic high blood sugar levels caused by diabetes can cause damage to the nervous system and tiny blood vessels throughout the body, including those in the eyes. This can lead to several eye complications. The blood vessels can also start leaking fluid, which can cause swelling in the eye.
What are the different eye problems you may encounter?
Diabetic eye disease includes a variety of eye conditions that can occur in people with diabetes and includes the following:
Diabetic retinopathy: A condition that affects the blood vessels in the retina that line the back of the eye.
A condition that affects the blood vessels in the retina that line the back of the eye. Diabetic macular oedema: Swelling of an area in the retina, called the macula, caused by the build-up of fluid.
Swelling of an area in the retina, called the macula, caused by the build-up of fluid. Cataracts: The clouding of the normally transparent crystalline lens in the eye, causing blurry vision.
The clouding of the normally transparent crystalline lens in the eye, causing blurry vision. Glaucoma: The occurrence of abnormally high pressure in the eye because of too much liquid. This can cause damage to the optic nerve.
According to the journal Eye and Vision, globally diabetic retinopathy is one of the biggest causes of blindness.
Who is at risk for diabetic eye complications?
The Global Diabetes Community says that anyone with diabetes (type 1, 2 or gestational) is at risk for eye complications, and the risk increases the longer you have diabetes.
Any diabetes-related eye complication can lead to partial or complete loss of vision if left untreated.
When should you immediately consult a medical professional?
Most eye complications usually have no symptoms in the beginning, but as they progress, they will start affecting vision. Bleeding from abnormal blood vessels in the retina can cause the appearance of dark spots in your vision (often called “floaters”).
Although these dark spots can disappear on their own, they can also signal the risk of retinal bleeding, which can cause permanent loss of vision.
Other signs and symptoms that should be immediately checked out include:
Sudden blurry vision – this could be caused by your insulin dosage, which may need to be adjusted
Sudden sharp pain in your eye, which can signal pressure
Sudden loss of vision in one or both eyes
Any flashes of light
Any nausea, vomiting or headaches accompanying eye complications
What are the treatment options?
There are a couple of options to correct vision loss and retina damage. These include:
Laser treatment in the case of severe retina damage.
A surgical procedure called vitrectomy to treat bleeding in the eye, scar tissue around the eye and retinal detachments.
Injection or oral medication to repair blood vessels and help bring down swelling.
Keep your eyes in tip-top shape
Early detection and treatment can reduce a diabetic's risk of blindness by 95%. Here are a few things you can do to monitor your eye health:
Have a comprehensive eye test once a year, or more frequently if you already have eye complications.
Control your blood sugar and insulin, as this slows the onset of diabetic retinopathy and other eye conditions.
Include plenty of fruits and vegetables in your diet and include exercise in your daily routine to keep your nervous system healthy.
Check your cholesterol levels, as too much “bad cholesterol” (LDL) can cause damage to blood vessels.
Keep your blood pressure under control, as high blood pressure increases your risk for glaucoma.
Image credit: iStock
A Fiscal Stability Council will be set up this year to check the high levels of government expenditure so as to deal with the country's spiralling fiscal deficit, the Senior Minister, Mr Yaw Osafo Maafo, has said.
They said the end of year figures for 2016 were disturbing, citing, for instance, that although the International Monetary Fund (IMF) had projected a deficit of 5.3 per cent end year, on cash basis, the deficit was about 8.6 per cent, while on commitment or total basis, it was about 10.2 per cent.
Speaking as a guest at the fifth edition of the Graphic Business/Stanbic Bank Business Breakfast Meeting series in Accra yesterday, Mr Maafo called for fiscal discipline, which, they said, a Fiscal Stability Council would help to ensure.
The main speakers at the meeting were the immediate past Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana, Professor Ernest Aryeetey; the Director of Research of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) and Chief Executive Officer of the Private Enterprise Foundation (PEF), Nana Osei Bonsu. Both of them spoke on the theme: “A public private dialogue on stability, growth and jobs.”
New policies needed
Mr Maafo said in view of the increasing deficit, there was no fiscal space for the government to carry out a lot of activities. He, therefore, stated that there was the need for new policies, and that a critical look would be taken at all government funds.
“The government gave money to so many institutions, they put them in private banks and even if they buy treasury bills with this money that will be stopped by the next budget.
If the government funds it, it must be in a single account at the Bank of Ghana, but we have a situation where we are borrowing our own money because money taken from the government is put in a private bank, the bank buys treasury bills and if you buy treasury bills, the government is borrowing from you,” they explained.
According to the Senior Minister, if all the money was put in one account, the country's deficit would not increase and its primary surplus would be different; “therefore we have to discipline the system along these lines,” they asserted.
They said the government would introduce a number of policies when the budget was presented to Parliament on March 1, 2017, to address some of the fiscal problems.
Low deficit
Mr Maafo said the deficit in 2004 was below five per cent because they were very strict when they were the Minister of Finance.
“I was the Minister of Finance and there was no way any ministry would be allowed to spend above the budget,” they said, explaining that a budget was a legal document which was passed together with an Appropriations Act that gave every ministry a certain amount of money to spend.
“You don't come to the ministry because it is an election year to go above your budget. Forget it. Osafo Maafo will tell you, you can't. Defer your expenditure to the following budget. We just have to discipline the system because we have an approved budget,” they stated.
They said there was going to be a Fiscal Stability Council just as the Bank of Ghana's Monetary Stability Council because the country needed that to look at expenditure levels to ensure it worked closely around the figure of inflation.
“We are going to make sure that all leakages are sealed. Revenue due government is revenue due government and not for individuals. We will make sure that we spend within our means,” they pledged.
Mr Maafo said also that the government would go through with the IMF programme which it inherited till it ended in March, 2018.
Writer's email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amazon UK has launched a massive Early Easter Sale with eight days of deals on thousands of products.
The online retailer is running the sale from March 19 to 26.
Shoppers can find discounts on Easter eggs, TVs and other electrical goods, video games and accessories, vacuum cleaners including trendy cordless models and Amazon devices such as the Echo.
Deals on offer at Amazon include:
Cadbury Essential Easter Collection for £27 - buy it here
Get all your Easter goodies in one go with this collection that includes 1 x 276g Large Creme Egg Easter Egg, 1 x 278g Cadbury Large Crunchie Egg, 1 x Cadbury 197g Creme Egg Egg 5 pack, 1 x 176g Easter Egg Hunt Pack (10 x hollow milk chocolate eggs , 1 x Mini eggs treatsize bag), 1 x 103g Cadbury Mini Eggs Tube, 2 x 77g Cadbury Milk Chocolate Egg in purple organza bag, 1 x 165g Maynards Bassetts Jelly Babies Chicks Bag, 1 x 50g Dairy Milk Popping Candy Bunny.
Check out all the Easter products on Amazon here
Toshiba 49-inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED WLAN TV for £349 - buy it here
There are big discounts on televisions including the Toshiba 49-inch reduced by just over £200, making a saving of 37 per cent.
The Toshiba 43-inch model is down by 38 per cent from £479.99 to £299. And there's 28 per cent off the Toshiba 55-inch, down from £599.99 to £429.
Check out all the TV deals here
Tefal Air Force Cordless Handstick Vacuum Cleaner for £89.99 - buy it here
Save a whopping 67 per cent on the Tefal cordless cleaner, reduced from £269.99 to £89.99.
There are also discounts on other cleaners including the Pifco Cordless Vacuum Cleaner which is now just £30.35 - get it here - and on the Bissell Carpet Washer and Vax Carpet Cleaner.
The Amazon sale includes a range of Deals of the Day plus thousands of Lightning Deals - products available at a discount, in limited quantities, for a short period of time with new discounts becoming available as often as every five minutes.
Amazon Prime members, including customers enjoying a free Amazon Prime 30-day trial, will have an exclusive 30-minute early access period to all Lightning Deals.
Customers can also shop deals using the Amazon App, designed to make shopping even easier.
In the app, customers can set Watch-a-Deal alerts so they never miss a favourite deal, track where their parcels are in seconds, and use camera search to quickly find the items they want by pointing and scanning an item or barcode.
Small businesses and artisans selling on Amazon Marketplace and Handmade at Amazon are also offering thousands of deals this Easter, providing customers with an even wider selection of deals including handcrafted and personalised Easter gifts and innovative new spring gadgets.
Amazon's ultra-fast delivery service, Prime Now, which is available to more than 30% of the UK population, will also offer special Early Easter deals, delivered in two-hour delivery windows or within 60 minutes in selected postcodes.
Doug Gurr, country manager at Amazon.co.uk, said: "We know our customers love getting extra low prices all year round so we're pleased to be making our Early Easter sale bigger than ever.
"We think our customers will be delighted by the huge variety of products on offer.
"Whether shopping for a unique Easter gift, gardening equipment or even the latest tech, we will have a great deal for everyone ahead of Easter weekend."
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which they can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
They Are Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, they walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince them to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actor Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. They will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see their act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. They also have the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in their kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
Diego Maradona accused England of theft after Gareth Southgate's men experienced a glorious victory against Colombia.
Maradona, the Hand of God who cheated the Three Lions at the 1986 tournament in Mexico, insists Colombia were hampered by poor refereeing decisions.
In a blistering attack on Argentine TV, they claimed that American referee Mark Geiger was out of their depth, that referees' chief Pierluigi Collina should apologise to the Colombian nation for appointing him, and that the penalty given for Carlos Sanchez's grapple with Harry Kane was a foul instigated by the England captain.
Diego said: “I saw a monumental theft. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
“It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame. A man like that (Geiger) should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
“With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, they are very bad. They must apologise to the Colombian people.”
“The referee will know a lot about baseball, but they have no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR and they did not give it to them.
“Twice the English threw themselves to the ground and they did not admonish them. This was theft.”
The Special Investigation Team probing the murder of journalist-activist Gauri Lankesh today filed its first charge sheet in the sensational case, naming alleged gunrunner and Hindutva activist T Naveen Kumar as an accused.
The 650-page charge sheet filed before the First Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate details the role of Naveen Kumar alone as an accomplice in the murder, which had triggered a nationwide outrage.
Naveen Kumar has been charged under section 302 (murder), 120 B (criminal conspiracy), 118 (concealing a conspiracy) and 114 (abetment to the crime) of the IPC, and also under provisions of the Arms Act, SIT sources told PTI.
The charge sheet contains the statement of about 131 witnesses, the sources said.
The SIT has submitted that it would submit more documents relating to the case in future.
Lankesh, 55, known for their left leaning and strong anti-Hindutva views, was shot dead in front of their house here on September five last year.
Naveen Kumar was arrested for alleged illegal possession of firearm and ammunition on February 18. During the probe, the SIT claimed, it had found evidence of their involvement in the killing of Lankesh, and also arrested them in that case.
The Arms Act case against Naveen Kumar would be heard by a city court tomorrow.
Naveen Kumar, hailing from Maddur in Mandya district, was arrested with a firearm and bullets when they were waiting for a client at Majestic bus stand here.
Sources claimed they had not only supplied firearms to the assassins of Lankesh but also conducted a recce of the area around their residence and provided them vital inputs about them
 They are also suspected to have ferried the prime accused to a place close to Lankesh's house.
Police said Naveen Kumar had named a man from Shivamogga Praveen Kumar, arrested by the city police in connection with an illegal arms case in May, in the Gauri Lankesh murder case.
The sources said the SIT has taken into custody four more people suspected of involvement in Lankesh's killing.
They have been identified as Manohar Edve (30), Sujith Kumar alias Praveen (37), Amol Kale alias Bhaisab (40) and Amit Degwekar alias Pradeep.
While Edve and Praveen are fromKarnataka, Kale and Degvekar are from Maharashtra and Goarespectively.
They were arrested for hatching a plan to kill Kannada writer K S Bhagawan, known for their anti-Hindutva stance, the sources said.
“Their involvement in Gauri Lankesh case is very much likely. That's why we have taken them into custody and are interrogating them closely,” said a source in the SIT.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twitter has reversed a change designed to tackle abuse on the site after some users complained it only served to hide offensive content rather than prevent it.
The social media site announced on Monday that it would no longer send notifications to users when they were added to a list by other Twitter users, but quickly received complaints that this greatly limited the feature and only hid abuse from view and did not stop it.
Members are able to create personalised lists with custom names, a system which some use to abuse others by adding them to lists with offensive titles, which would then appear in notifications.
This sparked the decision to remove the notification feature, however it was withdrawn just two hours after launch following hundreds of complaints from users.
"We heard your feedback - this was a misstep. We're rolling back the change and we'll keep listening," the Twitter Safety account tweeted in reference to the incident.
Twitter has been frequently criticised for the way it handles incidents of abuse and alleged online bullying, with high-profile users such as Stephen Fry having quit the site over suggestions it does not do enough to protect those on it.
The social media site also reported a loss of £133 million in its most recent financial results as questions remain over the long-term future of the site, despite reporting an increase in users to 319 million.
Twitter has been working on this problem for months after facing waves of criticism, particularly following last year's US election.
The service already has a "mute" button that it recently expanded to include the ability to mute words and phrases.
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
East Staffordshire's firefighters have issued a stark safety after a string of grass, moorland and forest fires that have severely stretched their resources.
Burton and Uttoxeter firefighters are set for a busy summer, with blazing heat forecast, after revealing outdoor fires doubled in June when compared with the previous year. And a total of 42 were reported in the first two days of July.
Crews were, today, Wednesday, July 4, still at the scene of a forest fire near Alton Towers theme park, in Dimmingsdale, where they have been battling flames for two days.
Police today said they could not rule out the possibility it was started deliberately.
They are also still at a big grass fire near Thorncliffe, in the Moorlands, which started on Saturday, June 30, and have been dealing with another blaze at Lady Edge, also in the Moorlands.
(Image: Burton Mail)
Staffordshire fire prevention boss Glynn Luznyi has now revealed the weekend of Saturday, June 30 and Sunday, July 1, saw fire control receive 515 999 calls - the highest for two years.
They said: "The demand we are experiencing is very intense.
"I'd like to thank all our firefighters and control staff, who have gone above and beyond, working extra hours to deal with some very challenging incidents.
"Our whole time firefighters have worked over their duty hours, while our retained firefighters have given additional hours and for this we are very grateful – we are also thankful to their employers who have allowed them to take extra time from their full time work to keep their local communities safe.
"To meet the demand we've postponed all planned training exercises, and while our prevention work continues through our Prevention Teams, firefighters aren't able to support this as they usually would as they are spending all their time responding to incidents.
(Image: Rod Kirkpatrick/F Stop Press)
"With the hot and dry weather set to continue we expect the demand level to remain high so we really need the public to help prevent incidents happening in the first place – it's appalling that almost 70 per cent of secondary fires in June were started deliberately, this is unacceptable.
"While dealing with deliberate fires we are not able to respond to other incidents, which could put members of the public at risk, not to mention the risk posed to firefighters when tackling these fires.
"Although we don't know the cause of the Alton fire at this time, this is a prime example of just how dangerous it is for our firefighters responding to fires in the open.
"Sadly, a firefighter did sustain an injury whilst working on the uneven terrain which was checked at hospital and they are now recovering at home."
The Alton fire broke out on Monday evening, July 2, at around 3.30pm.
Red Road, the main route into Dimmingsdale, had to be closed as smoke billowed across the highway, but has since been reopened.
Businesses in the area, as well as the Dimmingsdale reserve generally, are open as usual.
But fire crews are on the scene to dampen down smoldering areas and direct hikers away from anywhere considered to still be dangerous.
Chief Inspector Mark Thorley, Police commander for the Staffordshire Moorlands, said: "At this time the police and fire service have no evidence to suggest any fires have been started maliciously, though this can't be ruled out.
"We continue to patrol the areas to support our partners and look for any suspicious or reckless activity."Chief Inspector Thorley added: "I currently have officers visiting local schools, talking to children about the issue of anti-social behaviour over the summer break and making them aware of the SPACE scheme which runs over the summer holidays to keep them gainfully occupied.
"I have also taken this opportunity to advise the children about fire danger and open water safety.
"I'm aware that there have been reports of drivers ignoring road closures and the police have had to speak to some of those involved.
"Alternative routes are available to access local communities, and although travel times may increase, members of the public and other road users are politely asked to use these alternative routes and avoid the area to allow responders to continue their work safely."
Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service extinguished 364 "secondary fires" - outdoor blazes not directly involving people - last month in what was the hottest June in decades.
That is compared to just 188 in May and 184 in June 2017.
More than 200 of this June's fires involved areas of dry grass and foliage.
Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service has also been busy battling a massive moorland blaze in the Peak District and a huge grass fire in Draycott, near Derby, on Monday, July 3.
The service is re-launching its Flames Aren't Games campaign ahead of the school holidays, which start on Monday, July 23.
More information about the campaign is online at www.staffordshirefire.gov.uk/your-safety/campaigns/flames-arent-games/
It comes as elsewhere in the country there have been huge moorland fires on Saddleworth Moor in Tameside and Winter Hill near Bolton.
Donations from public prop up service as demand soars
Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service has been receiving donations of food and drink for firefighters via a British Red Cross collection point at Leek Community Fire Station.
A fire service spokesperson said: "The Red Cross and Rapid Relief have been fantastic in supporting us through these incidents and we can't thank them enough but we are now in a position to also receive donations.
"Although it is still too dangerous for members of the public to actually go to the scene of the fire we are extremely grateful for any donation people are able to deliver to the fire station in Leek.
"The support of our communities is greatly appreciated during this period of high demand where our crews are working tirelessly, day and night, to keep our communities safe."
Madeline Farrar, senior emergency response officer for the British Red Cross in Staffordshire, said: "We will be available to support Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service for as long as we are needed."
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Taco Charlton (97) runs during a play in the second half Dallas Cowboys defensive end Taco Charlton (97)during a National Football League game between the Dallas Cowboys and the San Francisco 49ers at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California Sunday October 22, 2017. Dallas Cowboys beat the 49ers 40-10. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO - Taco Charlton experienced their share of struggles during their rookie season, finishing with three sacks, 19 tackles and one forced fumble.
Pro Bowl defensive end DeMarcus Lawrence recently took some of the blame.
"I feel like Taco had a pretty good rookie season," Lawrence said. "You all take away the light that they were playing behind me so it wasn't like they could get as much reps as they needed. This year I feel like he's going to come along and take you all by storm."
Lawrence had a breakout year in 2017, totaling 14.5 sacks, tied for second most in the NFL.
Charlton, who should see increased playing time in their second season, could benefit from some of the double teams coming Lawrence's way.
During the first two weeks of OTAs, Charlton has worked with the first-team when Lawrence has been given a veteran day off.
"The beginning wasn't as good as I wanted it to go, but at the end I started to hit my stride," Charlton said of their rookie season. "It's starting to all come together. The season had to end, which was bad for me because I really started to get in my groove. Now I can start fresh, and really think I can have an impact and help this team win games."
Charlton has high hopes for themselves and the team's entire defensive line group.
The unit hasn't caught Dallas' loaded O-line, but Charlton thinks the gap is closing.
"I think we'll do some great things," Charlton said. "We're young, but I think we're talented and ready to go. We're all hungry out there. We all have something to prove. When you got some hungry wolves, they're ready to hunt."
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
How to get Chicago Blackhawks single-game tickets
hello
Last season, the Chicago Blackhawks led the NHL in attendance again, averaging 21,751 per game at the United Center. Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer/2016 file
Single-game tickets for the Chicago Blackhawks home games during the 2017-18 regular-season will go on sale next Monday, Aug. 21, team officials announced.
Here's what you need to know:
• The sale begins at 10 a.m. Aug. 21
• Tickets can only be purchased at chicagoblackhawks.com or by calling Ticketmaster at (800) 745-3000.
• Click on the PDF attachment for a look at the team's complete schedule.
The Blackhawks open the regular season when they host the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins on Oct. 5 at 7:30 p.m. at the United Center. All times are subject to change.
For more information, visit chicagoblackhawks.com
• Follow John's Hawks reports on Twitter @johndietzdh.
Subscribe to the FT to read: Financial Times
–Why the banks are now willing to wait on a final deal
By Fibha Nazim, February 2 2018 —
As part of a bid to promote clean energy initiatives, the University of Calgary has received a combined $714,500 grant from the Government of Canada.
The grant, which is part of $3.5 million provided by Ottawa to Calgary-area clean energy initiatives, will be applied to three projects, all aimed at reducing methane and carbon emissions in the atmosphere.
One of the projects, led by Marc Strous, geoscience professor and chair of the Campus Alberta Innovates Program, is designed to reduce harmful emissions by removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, burning it with oxygen and then injecting it back into the ground. The process also produces electricity as a byproduct.
“You have a process that takes CO2 out of the air that produces electricity and buries the CO2 in the ground,” Strous said. “So while creating electricity, we are actually removing CO2 from the air.”
Strous and their team are also working on the early stages of a process that uses algae to remove harmful CO2 emissions from the atmosphere.
“Algae are like plants,” Strauss said. “They use sunlight, they do photosynthesis.”
Another one of the projects is being facilitated by Carbon Management Canada (CMC) Research Institutes and ran by Faculty of Science members Cathy Ryan and Bernhard Mayer. It focuses on monitoring methane emissions in water, soil and the atmosphere.
The third project funded is led by Chris Hugenholtz from the Department of Geography and Centre for Smart Emissions and Sensing Technologies. The project focuses on new technologies that can be used to find and measure harmful emissions.
The funding, which was also awarded to Calgary-based groups such as the Alberta Clean Technology Industry Alliance, the Capital Road Foundation and CMC, was provided as part of a government policy aimed at reducing carbon emissions and encouraging a low-carbon economy in Canada.
Comments
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What have you got planned to mark national Yorkshire Pudding Day?
What do you mean you've not thought about it?
Well it doesn't matter, now you've got the the perfect excuse to try the most mouth-watering culture clash of 2018 - a cheesy Yorkshire Pudding Pizza.
Supermarket chain Morrisons has cooked up the creation to mark Yorkshire Pudding Day tomorrow (Saturday, February 3).
It can be snapped up from today in store - and it sounds amazing.
The £3 creations are crispy Yorkie bases made in Doncaster, filled with tomato and mozzarella, and topped with either pepperoni or meat feast.
Jenny Dixon, Yorkshire Pudding Expert at Morrisons, said: “Everyone loves Yorkshire Pudding and everyone loves pizza, so we are combining the two to create the ultimate comfort food for Yorkshire Pudding Day.
(Image: Anthony Upton/PA Wire)
"The crust is made the same way as a typical Yorkshire Pudding and is topped the same way as one of our pizzas.
"We're looking forward to hearing what customers think but we hope that they'll love it!”
The pizzas will be available until February 20.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. – A classroom assault happened in a special education program at the Blue Valley Center on Monday.
Robert Anderson says doctors tell them their wife has a concussion, human bites, a knee injury and a second head injury. They told FOX 4 that she's been a special-education teacher for 15 years, but has never had something like this happen to them
“She said there was an incident with a student and they had been bitten several times, they had been hit in the head, kicked,” Anderson described.
Johnson County fire said it received the call for an assault around 10 on Monday morning. Anderson said their wife said they aren't feeling well -- and that they were dizzy and disoriented. They asked them to come pick them up, but they said they needed to call an ambulance immediately.
“By the time they had called me they were already not feeling well and I had asked if they, if somebody was helping them and they were trying to take care of the child,” they said.
But Anderson said their wife needed medical attention too -- and quick.
“I was worried; she's worked in this field for about 15 years and this has happened occasionally they get injured, just the nature of the children they work with, but this seemed a lot more severe with the head injury,” they explained.
The school district issued a statement saying a student became agitated and acted out. Anderson said another teacher jumped in and tried to help -- and was stabbed with a pencil.
Thankfully, they say their wife has had special training over their 15 years working as a special-ed teacher – that they used to try to calm the child down.
FOX 4 is told crisis intervention training officers also responded to the situation. The Blue Valley School District says the student is elementary school age, and add that no other students were ever in danger.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jake Buxton grabbed a decisive late goal as Wigan boosted their bid to avoid relegation with a priceless win at Molineux.
Buxton headed home an 88th-minute corner from Max Power – Wigan's first attempt on goal – as Wolves crashed to a third successive defeat.
Wigan still needed a stunning late save from Matt Gilks to hold on to the three points when they tipped away a 25-yard drive from Conor Ronan in stoppage time.
Gilks, who was making their first start after their recent move from Rangers, had earlier denied Dave Edwards in the 74th minute as Wigan continued their battle to avoid relegation with a dogged display. Wolves toiled in front of their own fans as they again struggled to find the finishing touch in front of goal and Paul Lambert's side will need to play a lot better when they entertain Chelsea in the FA Cup on Saturday.
Wolves' Iceland striker Jon Dadi Bodvarsson tried to inject some life into a very tepid start to the game.
Bodvarsson, who has not scored since August, was narrowly off target with a close-range header in the eighth minute after a shot from Ronan had been deflected into their path.
Rookie midfielder Ronan, who was making their first senior appearance at Molineux, was at the heart of Wolves' best moves and they had a hand in them almost taking the lead in the 21st minute. After winger Helder Costa had been fouled by Stephen Warnock , Ronan whipped in a free-kick from the right-hand edge of the area which was only half-cleared by the Wigan defence and fell invitingly to Costa, whose volley was heading for the top corner but Gilks was well placed to pluck the ball out of the air.
Wolves should have done better on the stroke of half-time only for Bright Enobakhare to drag their close-range shot into the side netting after a neat through-ball from Matt Doherty .
Wolves continued to probe but again lacked a cutting edge in front of goal when Edwards flashed their header from Costa's free-kick wide in the 56th minute.
In a bid to add some badly-needed threat to their side, Wigan boss Warren Joyce sent on former Manchester United and Newcastle winger Gabriel Obertan for their debut in the 63rd minute following their recent arrival from the Russian side Anzhi Makhachkala, with Omar Bogle making way.
But it continued to be Wolves who held the attacking edge and they would have made the breakthrough in the 74th minute only to be denied by the athletic Gilks.
Ronan whipped in a right-wing free-kick and Edwards powered their header goalwards, with Gilks diving full-length to acrobatically palm the ball away.
Buxton then made their vital intervention before Gilks, appropriately, had the last word.
Wolves: Ikeme, Marshall (Coady 76), Batth, Stearman, Doherty Edwards (White 63), Evans, Helder Costa, Enobakhare (Weimann 82), Ronan, Bodvarsson. Subs not used: Saville, Burgoyne, Williamson, Wilson.
Wigan: Gilks, Connolly, Buxton, Burn, Warnock, MacDonald Power, Grigg, Morsy, Jacobs (Hanson 45), Bogle (Obertan 62). Subs not used: Perkins, Tunnicliffe, Jaaskelainen, Browne, Weir.
Tight end Tyneil Hopper of Roswell (Ga.) High signed with the Boise State football team on Feb. 7, 2018. Here are some highlights from a high school career that drew an offer from Alabama. (Video courtesy of Roswell High)
When Subaru launched their new modular global platform in the Impreza, they said the platform was designed to accept different powertrains such as hybrid and electric. According to a report from Autocar, Subaru's first electric model is just around the corner.
Subaru's chief designer, Mamoru Ishii told the outlet that the electric vehicle would be a variant of one of their current models and will launch in 2020.
“Subaru cars are designed to support people's lifestyles, so it should not be a case of designing the car for the powertrain. If customers want change we'll respond - our cars are about customers loving using them how they are designed - but we are not going to change our design focus just to highlight a new way of powering the car,” said Ishii.
Ishii declined to say how far Subaru is in development of the EV, but sources tell Autocar that crash tests have started to determine if the battery location is safe.
If we were to guess what model Subaru is using for their electric vehicle, the Impreza seems like a safe bet.
Source: Autocar
Aiteo Group, an indigenous Nigerian oil and gas company and the optimum sponsors of the Super Eagles (Nigeria's) for Russia 2018 FIFA World Cup, have been conferred with the corporate sponsor of football award by the 2017/2018 Nigeria Pitch Awards.
The award ceremony, which was the fifth edition of the series, took place at the Le Meridien Ogeyi Place in Port Harcourt, after the Super Eagles friendly match against Democratic Republic of Congo which ended 1-1 draw.
The award is usually presented to Nigerian former and present sports personality, administrators and journalists in recognition of their positive contributions to sports in Nigeria.
Apart from the Aiteo Group which was honoured with the corporate sponsor of football award, Lagos State also carted away the best grassroots development programme award.
Other receipents are: “Football friendly governor of the year – Their Excellency Emmanuel Udom (Akwa Ibom State); Sam Okwaraji Award for commitment to Nigerian football – Amaju Melvin Pinnick (President, NFF).”
Similarly, active participants in the game equally get awards such as,
“GOALKEEPER OF THE YEAR -Ikechukwu Ezenwa (Ifeanyi Ubah FC)
DEFENDER OF THE YEAR – Leon Balogun (FSV Mainz 05)
MIDFIELDER OF THE YEAR – Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City FC)
STRIKER OF THE YEAR – Anthony Okpotu (Lobi Stars FC)
MVP (MEN) IN THE NPFL – Anthony Okpotu (Lobi Stars FC)
MVP (WOMEN) IN THE NWFL – Rasheedat Ajibade (FC Robo)
COACH OF THE YEAR – Kennedy Boboye (Plateau United)
CLUB/TEAM OF THE YEAR – Plateau United FC; REFEREE OF THE YEAR – Ferdinand Udoh.”
Cam Newton laughed at a female reporter's question this week and told them “it's funny to hear a female talk about routes.” While everyone from fellow journalists to the Carolina Panthers to the NFL reacted to their sexist words and actions, this girl has the best response so far.
While wearing their Philadelphia Eagles jersey, they made a video rapidly breaking down nine different routes and offering quick explanations when needed. Brava!
They clearly wanted the Panthers quarterback to know the video was intended for their viewing, opening with: “OK, Cam. Pay attention because I'm only going to say this once!”
They also took a hilarious shot at their fashion sense – “Cam, why do you wear the same clothes as my grandma?” – as they showed off their football acumen.
They also reminded them that if they ever forgets these routes, the Eagles would be happy to refresh their memory when they play the Panthers next week on Thursday Night Football.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It turns out 'Man flu' could be real, a new study has claimed.
Despite the age-old claims men exaggerate the severity of their colds, researchers showed they are more likely to be admitted to hospital or die from flu-related symptoms than women.
Kyle Sue, an assistant professor in family medicine from the Memorial University of Newfoundland in Canada, set out to determine whether men really experience worse symptoms than women and why that might be.
They found that for many acute respiratory diseases, men are also more susceptible to complications and more likely to die, according to the study now published in the British Medical Journal.
Some evidence also finds men suffering more from viral respiratory illness than women - because they have a less robust immune system.
Dr Sue said: "The concept of man flu, as commonly defined, is potentially unjust.
"Men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses, leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women," they continued.
(Image: Martin Keene/PA Wire)
"The Oxford dictionary defines it as 'a cold or similar minor ailment as experienced by a man who is regarded as exaggerating the severity of the symptoms'.
"Since about half of the world's population is male, deeming male viral respiratory symptoms as 'exaggerated' without rigorous scientific evidence, could have important implications for men, including insufficient provision of care."
Men's weaker immune system could allow them to invest their energy in other biological processes, such as growth, secondary sex characteristics, and reproduction.
Prof Sue added: "Lying on the couch, not getting out of bed, or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionary behaviours that protect against predators.
"Perhaps now is the time for male friendly spaces, equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs, to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort."
They also suggested that perhaps the problem is that women select these men, saying: "Another potential study may examine whether men with robust immune systems are less successful at mating compared with those with weaker immune systems and correspondingly higher testosterone.
"In other words, can the blame for man flu be shifted to the people who select these men as sexual partners rather than the men themselves?"
Despite this, Dr Sue says further higher quality research is needed to clarify other aspects of man flu "because it remains uncertain whether viral quantities, immune response, symptoms, and recovery time can be affected by environmental conditions."
By Chinedu Adonu
ENUGU – ENUGU police command on Wednesday arrested the leader of Biafra Zionists Federation, BZF, Barr. Benjamin Onwuka and 20 others who attempted to take over Enugu Government House.
The self-acclaimed President of Biafra, Barr. Benjamin Onwuka stormed the Government House as early as 7 am with Biafra flags.
The group had earlier vowed to be at the Government House today, Wednesday May 30 for the purpose of declaration of Biafra Republic.
Our correspondent reports that upon their arrival at the Government House gate, they were rounded up by security operatives. They marched from the Bissala Road axis to the area.
A combined team of security operatives made up of the DSS, anti-terrorism squad, mobile police officers, SARS, among others carried out the operation.
Onwuka and about 20 other members of the group were arrested, while others fled.
Deputy leader of the group, Mazi Ambrose Ugwu, who confirmed the arrest, said the Southeast governors would be held responsible for whatever happened to their members.
“Peace loving Zionists were today treated like common criminals by the police, who were doing the bidding of Southeast governors.
They beat our members, including our commander, like criminals.
“What happened today is very condenmable. We hold South east governors responsible. There is a collaborating among the five of them to crush Biafra agitators.
“But we are not going be cowed.
We are giving them ultimatum to release them immediately. Failure to do so, they will have the United States and other of our international allies to contend with,” Ugwu boasted.
Confirming Onwuka's arrest the Enugu state command of the Nigeria Police Force said they were nabbed within the Enugu metropolis alongside their members based on the intelligence information.
In a statement signed by the PPRO Ebere Amaraizu, the police said
“Onwuka has been standing trial in the court of competent court of jurisdiction over their alleged role of murder,Armed Robbery and unlawful possession of firearms before they resurfaced today but fell into the hands of the eagle-eyed security operatives of the command.
“Suspects are helping the operatives in their investigations,” the statement reads.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the Oct. 1 attack had the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig has acknowledged selling 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Paddock in the weeks before the shooting that killed 58 people. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The criminal charge involves another type of ammunition — armor-piercing bullets.
The documents don't say if any ammunition tied to Paddock was used in the attack. Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing bullets were used in the shooting but referred to a preliminary report saying some rifle magazines were loaded with armor-piercing ammunition.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, was charged 35 minutes before holding a news conference where they said they didn't notice anything suspicious when they sold the tracer rounds to Paddock.
Haig told investigators that when Paddock bought the ammunition at their home in suburban Phoenix, Paddock went to their car to get gloves and put them on before taking the box from Haig, the complaint said.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig told reporters earlier Friday, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition the shooter bought. “I had no way to see into their mind.”
A phone message left for Haig's attorney, Marc Victor, wasn't immediately returned.
The two armor-piercing bullets found in Paddock's hotel room with Haig's fingerprints had an “incendiary capsule” on their noses, the documents said. A forensic analysis of those two bullets had tool marks consistent with the equipment in Haig's backyard workshop, according to the complaint.
It also alleges that FBI agents searching Haig's home on Oct. 19 found armor-piercing ammunition.
The complaint said Haig sold such bullets in more than 100 instances to customers across the United States, including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming and South Carolina.
They appeared in court Friday and was released under the condition they not possess guns or ammunition. If convicted, they could face up to five years in prison and a fine as high as $250,000.
Haig and their business partner, whose name wasn't provided, sold 40 to 50 rounds of incendiary rounds to Paddock in late August at a Las Vegas gun show, according to the complaint.
The next month, Haig said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show and that they were well-dressed and polite.
They didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted them several days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home.
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents.
A law enforcement official previously told The Associated Press that investigators don't believe Haig had any involvement or knowledge of the planned attack when they sold ammunition to Paddock. The official wasn't authorized to discuss an ongoing investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock opened fire on a music festival below.
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told them that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for their friends. I can't remember whether they used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
Haig, who has closed their ammunition business, said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released.
The FBI didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives referred questions to the U.S. attorney's office in Las Vegas, which declined to comment.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
One of the most holy days in Christianity will be celebrated Sunday, the day marking Jesus' resurrection three days after the crucifixion at Calvary. It is called many things: Pascha, Resurrection Sunday and, of course, Easter.
But there is one thing that has always invited mass confusion: What in the world do rabbits and eggs have to do with Christ?
Well, in as far as a literal sense, nothing. But you know how traditions go, something is always borrowed from something else.
In this case, Paganism.
See, the English word “Easter” is derived from an ancient Germanic goddess named “Ostara” who represented springtime, the morning and — wait for it — the “East.”
Ahhh …
Pagans rituals celebrating Ostara were held in the Springtime and often included things traditionally associated with fertility and new life — rabbits and eggs.
Over the years, Ostara was slowly pulled back from the scenes as Christianity began to take hold in Europe but some of the traditions managed to stick around.
For instance, although no longer a symbol of fertility, the Easter Bunny was first depicted in recorded folklore in 1682, originating from German Lutherans — but they aren't the friendly egg-delivering rabbit we know today.
Back then, “The Easter Hare” as they were known, was more of a judge — evaluating whether or not the local children had been good enough to deserve a treat, a hard boiled egg.
The eggs themselves were often decorated with elaborate designs and vibrant colors. The most famous egg decorator was arguably Peter Carl Fabergé whose jeweled creations were given as gifts to the Russian Tsars Alexander III and Nicholas II.
Even today, Fabergé eggs can fetch huge sums of money at auction, as did Fabergé's “Winter Egg” which sold for $9.6 million in 2002.
But whether jeweled or simply colored by children with dye, Easter eggs — and the bunny that brings them — has become an important part of American culture.
On Sunday, thousands and thousands of children all across the world will receive Easter baskets and go hunting for the elusive eggs — whether they be hard boiled or plastic and stuffed with goodies — before sitting down to a traditional Easter dinner with friends and family.
But for you — whether the holiday is a solemn religious event or a lighthearted celebration with a bunny — make it a good one.
Happy Easter.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WSVN) — A woman in Michigan says they were kicked out of a mall by security guards because their outfit was too revealing.
Hannah Pewee posted about the ordeal on Facebook, saying they were kicked out of the Woodland Mall in Grand Rapids after a customer complained about their outfit to security guards. Pewee said their tank top and shorts were similar to outfits worn by others in the mall, Fox News reports.
“Never mind that within a one foot radius there were plenty of girls dressed just like me, since it's NINETY degrees outside,” they wrote. “I am so angry right now I'm shaking. I felt so embarrassed I almost cried. All because a stranger didn't like how I dressed.”
Pewee called the incident “slut-shaming.”
The Woodland Mall responded to hundreds of angry comments on their Facebook page about the incident, saying, ” Yesterday we reached out to the shopper to personally apologize and come to a resolution. We also addressed hundreds of comments across Social Media, but we'd still like to make a public apology for unintentionally embarrassing a shopper who was asked to leave our Mall. We can assure you that the enforcement of our dress code was solely motivated by complaints from other shoppers of inadequate clothing coverage not reflected in the photo posted online. We dropped the ball by enforcing a dress code that didn't take into consideration current summer trends. We also apologize to our community for the way in which this situation was handled. We're currently reassessing the level of detail in our dress code and will train our team on it to keep this from ever happening again.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Everyone else go home. Sir and Rumi Carter have two of the most stylish baby carriers of all time. On Wednesday, the famous twins joined their big sis Blue Ivy and parents Beyoncé and Jay-Z as the Carters headed out of New York City via helicopter. It's the first time the family of five have been spotted out in public since Beyoncé gave birth to Sir and Rumi in June. As TMZ points out, the Carters recently bought a $26 million mansion in The Hamptons, so they might have been headed there, because who has time for traffic? This is not the point, obviously, as your attention is required for this most glorious photo of JAY-Z transporting one of their twins in a black-and-white carrier.
SplashNews
Does anyone know if that's Sir or Rumi? Or if they arrived to a Beyoncé or JAY-Z song? It was "Lift Off," wasn't it...
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sir and Rumi made their Insta debut on their mom's account on July 14, when they turned 1-month-old. The photo was a nice throwback to Bey's pregnancy announcement from earlier this year, when they posed in front of a similar arrangement of flowers.
Sir Carter and Rumi 1 month today. 🙏🏽❤️👨🏽👩🏽👧🏽👶🏾👶🏾 A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Jul 13, 2017 at 10:10pm PDT
We would like to share our love and happiness. We have been blessed two times over. We are incredibly grateful that our family will be growing by two, and we thank you for your well wishes. - The Carters A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Feb 1, 2017 at 10:39am PST
Follow Peggy on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
PHILADELPHIA — The Philadelphia Zoo has euthanized a 25-year-old lioness believed to have been the oldest lion in the United States after the animal suffered an acute decline in mobility and behavior, the zoo said on Friday.
Lioness Zenda, born at the Johannesburg Zoo in 1991, arrived in Philadelphia in 1993 and became a fan favorite over the years, the Philadelphia Zoo said in a statement.
“This remarkable cat will be missed by staff and guests alike, particularly by the…
NBC 7's Consumer Bob shares how the sale of Girl Scout cookies is changing with the times. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
In a world of social media and internet connection, why are Girl Scouts still going door-to-door to sell cookies?
San Diego Girl Scout CEO Carol Dedrich said there's something lacking going online.
"Because they're not going to get all of the benefits of the online sale that they can get when they're going face-to-face," said Dedrich.
And what are those benefits? Things like money management, people skills, follow up and follow through, and customer service, according to Dedrich.
That's why the Girl Scouts are limiting how many girls can use the internet when selling cookies.
Eight-year-old Briony Bushan has sold 100 boxes of cookies so far this year. They say they started by going through their neighborhood.
"Do you want to buy some Girl Scout cookies? And most of them said yes," said Bushan. But Briony and their mom have also been reaching out to friends and family through Facebook.
The Girl Scouts say it is OK for girls to market their cookies online but it's not OK to sell them that way.
"They can practice their sale through that marketing venue of the internet but all purchases are either in person or they are through the Digital Cookie site," said Carol Dedrich.
The Digital Cookie is a website created by the Girl Scouts that does allow girls to take orders and payments for cookies. But is not to be used for selling cookies outside of friends or family.
Lindsay Hinkle's daughter Ella used a music video to promote their cookie sales. They posted it on YouTube and sent it to family.
The Girl Scouts want to restrict online marketing to scouts who are at least 13 years of age or older and have permission from their parents. Selling cookies through sites like eBay is discouraged by the Girl Scouts.
While cookie sales make up between 70 and 80 percent of the Girl Scout's budget, the San Diego CEO says the most important benefit is training the girls.
"It's not about reading something in a book," said Dedrich, "They're actually doing it."
They are walking down your street and standing outside the grocery store,
Mind muscle | Hummingbirds can recall feeder and flower locations
A hummingbird's brain is 7,000 times smaller than that of a human, but the tiny, mighty bird can memorize flower locations, encode geometry and track the passage of time.
Many humans can't do as well.
So says University of Lethbridge researcher Andy Hurly, who talked about the big brains and big memories of hummingbirds during the Wildlife in the Wind lecture series March 3 organized by the Alberta Wildlife Society.
Hurly has been studying rufous hummingbirds in southwestern Alberta for 22 years.
The birds weigh about as much as two dimes, have a heart rate of 1,000 beats per minute and fly at 60 to 80 wing beats per second.
“Hummingbirds have incredibly high metabolic rates,” said Hurly.
“They are just little energy machines.”
To maintain that pace, they have to eat every 10 minutes, primarily by sipping nectar from flowers. If they are unable to do so, they fall into torpor and soon die.
ADVERTISMENT
But how does a hummingbird avoid wasting energy in revisiting the flowers from which it has already sipped?
“If it starts visiting empty flowers, it could easily run out of energy within a few minutes or a few hours, so the critical time frame in which hummingbirds can starve to death is surprising short,” they said.
“They live on the energetic edge all the time.”
Hurly and their team used artificial flowers containing sugar water to discover that hummingbirds remember which flowers they've recently visited.
They also found that the birds use geometry to navigate to particular locations and do not use flower or object colour as a guide to plentiful food sources.
Red, the predominant colour of millions of hummingbird feeders across Canada, is not as big a factor in attracting the birds as are location and the memory that food was previously there, said Hurly.
“Red flowers and red hummingbird feeders are a great way to attract a hummingbird to a location, to a flower, the first time. After that, they don't care what colour it is. They just remember the place.”
ADVERTISMENT
Hurly's tests found that even without an identifying colour marker, hummingbirds will fly within a minimum 70 centimetres of a location where they once found nectar, even if the flower is no longer there.
“That's a very strange thing and a pretty marvelous thing, since they must be doing that not just for one flower but for many flowers,” said Hurly.
They and their team also tested hummingbirds' perception of time by refilling four feeders every 10 minutes and four every 20 minutes. The birds quickly figured out which ones to visit more frequently, demonstrating episodic memory.
“Not only do they know that there's 10 minute and 20 minute flowers but they remember which 10 minute and 20 minute flower they last visited,” said Hurly.
“I think that's astonishing. I don't know if I could do this. If I were to do this … I think I would need a pencil, paper and eight stopwatches.”
Researchers used only eight flowers in the tests, but hummingbirds could be doing calculations for dozens or hundreds of flowers at once, they added.
Today, Governor Eric Greitens ordered that the flags of the United States and the State of Missouri at all state government buildings in Jackson County, Clay County, Platte County, and Cass County be flown at half-staff on Wednesday (Feb. 15) in honor of Battalion Chief Thomas G. Byrne, of the Kansas City Fire Department. Battalion Chief Byrne, age 51, died on Feb. 11 while serving the citizens of Kansas City.
Governor Greitens released the following statement,
“Thomas Byrne dedicated their life to protecting the people of Missouri and their fellow brothers in Fire Protection. They served honorably for 30 years, and became Battalion Chief. We are grateful for their service, deeply saddened by this loss, and praying for their family and fellow firefighters.”
Under Governor Greitens order, U.S. and Missouri flags at state buildings in those counties will fly at half-staff from sunrise until sunset on Feb. 15, 2017, the day the funeral services for battalion Chief Byrne will take place.
LS R-7 Teachers Honored at Missouri Scholars Academy August 12, 2017
Pictured at Missouri Scholars Academy are (from left) Megan Carlson, Sara Witteman, Mindy Haesemeyer and Kameron Robinson
Sara Witteman and Mindy Haesemeyer, both Lee's Summit North High School, and Melissa Woody, Lee's Summit High School, were recognized at Teacher Appreciation Day, held this summer at the Missouri Scholars Academy.
Ms. Witteman was selected by Scholars Academy participant Megan Carlson. Ms. Haesemeyer was selected by participant Kameron Robinson. Ms. Woody was selected by participant Alexandria Mesz.
Missouri Scholars Academy is a three-week academic program for approximately 330 of Missouri gifted students. Close to 330 sophomores statewide are selected from among approximately 65,000 students. Acceptance is based on a student essay, teacher recommendations, PSAT scores and IQ tests. The academy is a residential program held on the University of Missouri-Columbia and funded by the State of Missouri.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
The head of world cycling, David Lappartient, on Wednesday urged the public to ensure British rider Chris Froome has a "safe" Tour de France.
The world's biggest cycling race starts on Saturday, just days after four-time champion Froome was cleared of doping suspicions by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), headed by Lappartient.
In a post on their Twitter account, Lappartient said the UCI's decision should be respected, as should "all riders, including Chris Froome".
"He has the right to operate in a safe environment. I have heard calls, sometimes completely irrational, to violence on the Tour de France.
"I cannot accept that and I call on all spectators to protect all the athletes and to respect the judicial decision so that Chris Froome can compete in a safe and serene environment like all other athletes."
Kenyan-born Froome, 33, was under investigation after delivering an abnormal test sample during the Tour of Spain last year.
They recorded an adverse analytical finding (AAF) for Salbutamol, an asthma medication, meaning they exceeded the allowed dose of a permitted substance.
"I feel the need to say to cycling lovers, to lovers of the Tour de France, that the decision that was taken (to drop the case against Froome) was taken on the basis of reports from experts which led the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to consider that no violation of anti-doping rules had taken place.
"And from this point on, that decision must be respected," Lappartient added.
Opposition to Froome had been building in France ahead of the Tour, with five-time Tour winner Bernard Hinault labelling them a cheat and organisers barring them from riding before relenting earlier this week and lifting the ban.
Froome is out to emulate five-time winners Hinault, Jacques Anquetil, Eddy Merckx and Miguel Indurain when they compete for a fifth win in the three-week Tour.
A win would also make Froome the second racer after Merckx to win four straight Tours.
Written by David Weyers. Media by Maggie Schoepke.
Jesus' teaching on the cost of discipleship is strongly emphasized in Luke, as similar stories pop up in multiple places in their Gospel. Luke 14:25-27 says,
Now large crowds were going along with Him (Jesus); and They turned and said to them, ‘If anyone comes to Me, and does not hate their own father and mother and wife and children and brothers and sisters, yes, and even their own life, they cannot be My disciple. Whoever does not carry their own cross and come after Me cannot be My disciple.”
Directly after this, from verses 28-33, Jesus offers the crowd an analogy that they conclude by saying, “So then, none of you can be My disciple who does not give up all their own possessions.”
Why would Jesus tell people that in order to be one of their disciples, they must hate their family and give up everything they own? Is it not strange that Jesus tells us to love our enemy and our neighbor, but then to hate our family? What might be going on here? It does not seem as though Jesus feels immediately obligated to enlighten the crowd on what they mean by these confusing and disheartening words. However, two chapters later, Jesus reveals more of the puzzle to their disciples at the end of a parable when they say, “No slave can serve two masters; for a slave will either hate the one and love the other, or be devoted to one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and wealth” (Luke 16:13). Jesus is not saying that we should literally hate our families, but they are saying something just as bold.  They are saying that in order to be a disciple, we must choose them instead of our families and them instead of money. In their commentary on Luke, John Calvin refers to this as a way of “rising above every hindrance”.
Jesus is demanding commitment by telling those who follow them that they must dispose themselves of whatever is holding them back. In the same way, there are things in our lives that hold us back from truly following Christ. As Christians, we need to be on the lookout for anything that we have made idols, even if by accident. It is somewhat overwhelming to think about, but we college students are at turning points in our lives. We are old enough to live independent of our parents, many of us are on the lookout to find a spouse, and we will soon be choosing careers and going into the workforce. As Christians, it is vital that we make these types of decisions with our wills being in line with the will of God. This can only happen when we both name and set aside our idols that keep us from focusing on the true God. Will you wait to find a spouse with whom you can draw closer to Christ? Will you refuse to settle for a job that does not line up with your commitments and convictions as a Christian? Will the money you make from your job become your god?
We may be holding our sins and idols more closely than we realize. Jesus points out that even our family can hold us back from following him. Like the rich ruler who asked Jesus what they must do to be saved, are we going to walk away from Jesus because we are not willing to set aside the things that hold us back? (Luke 18:18-30) There is a real danger that we will live our lives worshiping idols, having convinced ourselves that we are living our lives for Christ. To be a Christian means to be a little Christ, or a follower of Christ. Are we willing to count the cost of discipleship? Are we willing to live the life Christ offers us? What will it take? What is holding you back? I challenge you as you read the gospels to be on the lookout for where Jesus is demanding our commitment, as well as to carefully consider how Jesus calls us to live our lives. If you see me holding onto an idol in my life, please be a good brother or sister in Christ and help me see what's holding me back from following Jesus.
—
South African beauty queen Sharon-Rose Khumalo has come out as intersex.
In an interview with Glamour magazine, the recently crowned Miss Mamelodi Sundowns revealed their intersex status and took a stand against people who attack the LGBTI community.
“Being a person of substance has nothing to do with being straight, gay, lesbian, transgender or intersex,” Khumalo said.
“The most important issue for us human beings is what we do with our lives.”
The blogger said they wanted to use their platform to raise awareness about intersex, after growing up female and finding out their status four years ago.
The diagnosis of androgen insensitivity syndrome and revelation that they were born without ovaries or a uterus left them “shattered”.
“[The doctor] just dropped this bomb on me and I didn't know who I was anymore,” they said.
“Sometimes I am okay and then on some days I look at other women who have children and I know I will never have that, but I have learnt to accept that this is the situation and I can't really change it.”
Since their diagnosis, Khumalo has embraced their intersex status and become an advocate for LBGTI rights. They expressed solidarity with others coming to terms with identity changes.
“Coming out to talk about this was me saying: yes, I may be different from the next girl, but there is nothing wrong with me and I have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of,” they said.
Gunmen attacked a UN peacekeeping base in Mali's northern city of Timbuktu on Monday, the peacekeeping mission said, adding that it had deployed a rapid response force with helicopters to the scene.
“An attack has been launched against one of our camps in Timbuktu (by) unknown men with machine guns,” Radhia Achouri, a spokesperson for the UN peacekeeping mission, said by telephone.
“Sporadic gunfire was continuing, they said.
On June 1, several French soldiers were wounded, one of them seriously, when a military compound in the northern Malian city of Timbuktu came under attack by mortar fire.
The Timbuktu compound houses soldiers from the UN mission, the Malian army and France's Operation Barkhane.
Several mortar shells were fired into the base but only one exploded near the French soliders, said Anthony Fouchard, FRANCE 24's Mali correspondent.
Soldiers immediately deployed to pursue the assailants.
Security sources initially said that between five and seven troops were wounded. Swedish defense forces later told AP that four soldiers “from another nation” had been wounded.
The soldier who was seriously wounded is undergoing surgery at the scene while arrangements are being made for a medical evacuation.
France launched operations in Mali in January 2013 to drive out al Qaeda-linked militants who seized much of the north of the country the year before.
It has since deployed more than 4,500 soldiers across the Sahel region to hunt down Islamist militants.
The UN later deployed a peacekeeping force of more than 11,000 troops to the struggling West African state.
I thought the annoying expression “Duh!” had gone out with the 1980s.
But it certainly seems to have lived on, or come back, if my 10 year old daughter is anything to go by. They use it against their sisters when they want to express the notion that something is obvious and they are idiots for wondering about it, and they use it against me when I act likewise. Them school bans the utterance of the word, so I guess home is the only place they get to enjoy it. (I try to ban it too, but it comes back . . . )
ADVERTISEMENT
Perhaps it's regular use around me is crawling into my thinking, because I found myself thinking “Duh!” the other day when pondering the fact that the federal government and official opposition both seem to understand the overarching importance of critical infrastructure like rail transportation and pipelines for Canada. Of course they should get it, and shouldn't need to wonder about it, because this is a nation living off commodity production, processing and then its transportation to global markets, but far too often it has been allowed to slip into the status of an “industrial” or “business” concern.
With C-49's passage and the ongoing commitment to Trans Mountain through two governments, it seems like most of the folks in Ottawa are getting it. If we can't get our crops to market, if we can't get our oil to market, we're a malfunctioning economy and a dysfunctional state. It is tens of thousands of farmers and tens of thousands of oilfield workers – as well as millions of other people – who are hurt when this country can't get its business done.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's fine to be opposed to carbon emissions from oil. That can be affected by carbon taxes. It's fine to resist giving pseudo-monopolies like Canadian National and Canadian Pacific taxpayer-protected profits. That can be controlled through regulations. But it's not OK to neglect a transportation system, as this country has done for decades, or allow a pipeline expansion to be hijacked by environmentalists and indigenous activists.
Preserving and improving critical national infrastructure should be something so obvious that even wondering about it should elicit expressions of “Duh!” or preferably something more pleasant to hear but equivalent in meaning. What it shouldn't be is a political issue that anybody thinks is fair to play with.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fly-tippers are flouting the law to use an area of Walsall as a ‘dumping ground', say frustrated residents.
A huge pile of mess has appeared on land between 145 and 154 Darlaston Road over the last few weeks.
And residents have now vowed that enough is enough.
Community campaigner Mark Dabbs said: “Pleck is not a dumping ground. It seems to have become a target for people looking for a place to send their trash late at night when no one will see or it appears will notice. Well, we do and we have. It is a hazard to pedestrians, the public and especially runners.
“With the police presence in Pleck it is surprising that these jokers seem to think they can come along and empty the contents of their vans or lorries onto the patch of ground between 145 and 154 Darlaston Road. The residents will now start watching out for this sort of behaviour and also any suspicious looking vehicles whose number plates will be recorded, especially those pulling into this section of land.
“We all have mobile phones equipped with cameras and I would advise and urge anyone who sees such trucks or vermin coming along to our area with the sole intention of dumping rubbish to remain alert and to photograph the registration plates.”
Walsall Council say: “If you see someone dumping waste, be discreet but try to remember some details. The eyewitness checklist below gives you an idea of some of the things you should try to look out for. You can report fly tipping on our street pride enquiry form or you can contact any of the following telephone numbers with the information you take down:
Walsall Council contact centre: 01922 653344
Minicom 01922 652137
Walsall Council Environmental Health: 01922 653020
Police: 0845 113 5000
Eyewitness checklist:
Not all of us have been totally taken in by Bernie even if we did admire him, attend their rallies and support most of their social views. The big negative is Bernie's neo-liberal and neo-imperialist foreign policy which is not all that different from their colleagues…or even Hillary for that matter!
Thus Bernie Sanders is no Jeremy Corbyn who actually is a post-liberal, moderate socialist, anti-imperialist, and non-Zionist (that's a major story in itself) politician.
Advertisements
The Coffee Time is open on Lincoln park neighborhood area Writer Zelalem Endeta The 28-year-old Ethiopian- American woman, Selot Zewdie opened an Ethiopian coffee shop in the most significant Midwest town of Chicago in the Lincoln Park area. The crowning […] admin
Disability advocate Yetnebersh Nigussie receives Right Livelihood Award The Ethiopian lawyer spoke with DW about the importance of education and supporting the disability community in Africa and around the world. The award honors those who have found practical […] admin
Azeb Mesfin, who has had a roof over the global corner of corruption, confessed Azeb Mesfin, who has had a roof over the global corner of corruption, confessed: On the Rift Valley, the former Prime Minister of the former Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Meles […] admin
The world loves Ethiopian pop star Teddy Afro. Their own government doesn't. WorldViews By Paul Schemm September Ethiopian pop star Teddy Afro at their home in Addis Ababa. (Mulugeta Ayene/Associated Press) ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia — Monday marked the first day of the […] admin
Ethiopia: Addressing the alarming conflict in the border areas of Oromia National Regional State and Ethiopia's Somali Regional State 14TH SEPTEMBER 2017 BY ADMIN Press Release September 14, 2017 Your Excellences, The General Assembly of the United Nations Human Rights Council African Commission on Human and Peoples […] admin
ETHIOPIA Hand grenade blast injures thirteen in Jimma town Hand grenade blast injures thirteen in Jimma town Hand grenade blast injures thirteen in Jimma town At least thirteen people have been injured in a grenade attack in […] admin
Can the Ethiopian community hang on in Seattle? by Chetanya Robinson Habtamu Abdi, civilian liaison between the Seattle Police Department and the East African community at the Ethiopian Community Center in Rainier Valley. (Photos by Matt M. McKnight/Crosscut) […] admin
Permit denied for Teddy Afro concert A planned concert by Ethiopia's biggest pop star, Teddy Afro on Ethiopian New Year's eve has been denied permit, according to the radio show Ethiopicalink. The September 10 concert in […] admin
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn arrived in Reading to discuss homelessness on Monday, August 14.
The Labour MP has returned to the town three months after their rally at Rivermead Leisure Complex to meet members of Reading charity Launchpad.
Mr Corbyn and charity bosses are expected to talk about what can be done to tackle the growing problem of homelessness in the town and how to help people who are forced to sleep on the streets.
Their visit comes less than two months after Government figures revealed that Reading has one of the highest rates of homelessness in the country.
getreading is planning to catch up with the Labour leader after their meeting and ask them a few questions.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
You can download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here
By Robyn Collins
To celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Levi's trucker jacket, the brand asked pop superstar Justin Timberlake to help give the staple a redesign. They shared a couple of photos of the new piece via Instagram.
Related: Justin Timberlake Models 1950s Swimsuit in ‘Wonder Wheel' Trailer
Timberlake posted, “For the 50th bday of the trucker jacket, @Levis asked me to redesign one. I did and ever since, it's been my favorite drinking buddy. 🍻👌🏻 #Denim #Flannel #LiveInLevis.”
The jacket features a Hank Williams patch that says, “Why don't you mind your own business.”
Timberlake has some experience as a clothing designer, having launched the William Rast brand with Trace Ayala in 2005.
Check out the Timberlake-redesigned Levis trucker jacket below:
LONDON: British businesses are struggling to fill in vacancies because of a drop in the supply of European Union nationals following the Brexit vote, a new report revealed on Monday.
The survey by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) highlighted that the growth of EU nationals in employment halved to just 30,000 in the final quarter of 2016.
According to the latest data, there are currently about 2.26 million EU nationals working in Britain.
“The survey data … suggest that a fall in the supply of EU nationals may heighten recruitment difficulties in the year ahead,” the CIPD wrote in its Labour Market outlook report.
Job vacancies in the UK economy remain well above historical average levels and the report emphasises that a fall in the supply of EU nationals would hit some specific industries hard.
These include low-skilled sectors such as wholesale, retail, accommodation and food services as well as human health and social work, which employ large number of EU workers.
More than 1,000 employers were polled for the survey.
British Prime Minister Theresa May, who is expected to start the divorce proceeding with the EU before the end of March, has said they want to guarantee the rights of EU citizens who are already living in Britain.
But uncertainty over what that would entail and whether visa restrictions would be enforced is also prompting some EU nationals in the UK to consider relocating.
Almost one in three British employers surveyed by the CIPD say they have evidence that the EU nationals they employ have looked to leave their organisation and/or Britain in 2017.
The issue of immigration was at the heart of the EU referendum campaign last year in which 52 per cent voted for Britain to leave the European Union.
The chase started on Alsup Mill Lane and headed into Rutherford County where police temporarily terminated pursuit because they believed they knew where the subject was going.
After a brief pause, they resumed the chase near Alsup Mill Lane where the subject was seen traveling on foot near the woods.
The chase is ongoing. Check back with the Lebanon Democrat for updates.
By ... Chris Lovingood, reporter
A video sent to ABC7 shows moments after a woman's escape after their car caught fire.
A witness says a Good Samaritan flagged the woman down, alerting them to the smoke billowing beneath their car.
They told investigators she'd rented the vehicle using the Turo phone app; think of it as Airbnb, but you rent your car instead of your home.
When you rent a car using the device, AAA insurance manager John Risk encourages you to make sure you're insured.
“One hundred percent,” said Risk. “There are a lot of ifs, ands, and you want to make sure you're properly covered."
You want to be covered from something minor like a fender bender or something major like that woman's car catching on fire.
That's what happened to that car on I-75 in Naples Sunday night.
A witness told ABC7 a woman and their child escaped the car and said they were renting it through the Turo phone app.
Turo requires cars being rented to be in safe condition for driving and safety and mechanical checks once per year; brake test, steering, and functioning airbags.
Turo also requires their clients renting out cars to have car insurance.
In the Turo app, it will tell you who is insuring the car.
Open the app, find the car you want, then scroll to the bottom and it will tell you who is insuring the car.
Turo recommends you inspect a car thoroughly before the start of your trip.
If something is wrong with it, you're encouraged to notify Turo support.
Richard Putnam of Pennsylvania says they own three cars, but they wouldn't consider renting them out.
“Even like, our kids, we don't like for them to use our car,” said Putnam. “A lot of people are irresponsible.”
A Turo representative told ABC7 cars not maintained can be removed from the app.
Copyright 2018 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
Mary Callahan Erdoes, CEO, J.P. Morgan Asset Management and American Banker's Most Powerful Woman in Finance, shared a funny story about their kids and their boss, Jamie Dimon, at the Most Powerful Women in Banking dinner Thursday night.
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
facebook comments:
Tina Fey is adapting their screenplay of their amazing 2004 film Mean Girls for an upcoming theatrical production. An adaptation of the film has been through developmental hell the last few years, although it finally has a scheduled premiere date.
The musical is officially set to open October 31 at the National Theatre in Washington D.C. Fey is currently writing the script for the musical, and their husband Jeff Richmond will compose the music, with lyrics written by Nell Benjamin.
The pregnancy of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper, a show that Fey co-created, allowed them and their husband to work all summer on the upcoming musical. No casting choices have been announced yet, but with a date now officially set it won't be too long before the pieces all fall into place for this show!
We can't wait!
Via Hollywood Reporter
CTV Vancouver
Three more youths have been found guilty in the swarming death of 19-year-old Luka Gordic in Whistler.
The young men, who can't be named because they were underage at the time of the 2015 attack, were handed their verdicts Friday evening by a B.C. Supreme Court judge.
One was convicted of second-degree murder, the others of manslaughter.
While reading the verdict, Justice Terence Schultes described how surveillance video from a nearby business on the night of the swarming shows Gordic backing up as people approach him.
The 19-year-old is seen collapsing as they re-enter the frame. Based on that footage, Schultes said it appeared the attack had unfolded in as little as 17 seconds.
Emotions ran high throughout the trial, resulting in some heated arguments between relatives of the victim and the accused.
“We're happy with the judge's decision,” Gordic's mother, Clara, told reporters after the hearing. “We relive this every day”
The victims' father, Mitch Gordic, said they hope the men will be sentenced to “many years in jail.”
Friday's verdict was handed down in courtroom 20, which was built for the Air India trial and has an extra layer of screening, including a metal detector and bag checks.
A fourth young man, Arvin Golic, was charged with second-degree murder, but convicted on the lesser count of manslaughter in June.
The court heard Golic, who was 18 at the time of the killing, did not deliver the fatal blow but did organize the beating after Gordic stood up for a young woman they both knew.
No sentencing date was set for the three men found guilty on Friday.
With files from CTV Vancouver's Nafeesa Karim
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesperson Wednesday, May 30, says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare them to testify. They say they learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. New York Post via AP, Pool Steven Hirsch
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A quirky Indian street food company is opening in Walsall .
Wrapchic specialises in “exciting and vibrant flavours of Indian street food” and transforms them into an easy-to-eat Mexican format in the style of burritos, wraps and nachos.
The idea is quite simple: you choose your style and then your filling, from the classic chicken tikka to mutton madrasi – a south Indian-spiced meat served with chettinad sauce.
(Image: TripAdvisor)
Also on the menu is lamb kheema – spiced minced lamb with red onion, mint chutney and fresh mint – and paneer masala, an Indian soft cheese coated in tava spice served with tikka sauce.
Breakfast is served too in the form of egg and cheese-filled flour tortilla wraps complete with a choice of filling. Toasted samosas, spicy chicken wings and yogurt-based Indian drinks are also on the menu.
Wrapchic currently has 14 franchises in the UK – including Solihull and Birmingham – with another two operating from Dubai.
In Walsall, according to its website, Wrapchic will open in 19 Park Street in the town centre and will replace the EE mobile phone shop near the Saddlers Shopping Centre.
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had they been born in an earlier era, they might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," they say. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
They hope to give voice to those early generations of residents, in their book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout their life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume their physical disability means they also have an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped them accept their body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On their twin sister, who died shortly after birth
They lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of their presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that they are dead and is gone in a real way, they don't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how their physical disability and their poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
A Houstonian noticed when people were no-shows for banquets and other catered events, that perfectly good — and often upscale — food was being thrown away. They found a way to put it to good use.
We learn about Second Servings Houston, a local organization whose mission is to rescue food that's headed for the trash and re-direct it to the hungry.
Founder Barbara Heitman Bronstein tells us why they started the organization and how it works.
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has urged the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to seek the face of God for what they termed the party's ‘ineptitude and incompetence.'
Fani-Kayode, a member of the Forum of former PDP Ministers stated this while reacting to the call by some APC members that ex-President Goodluck Jonathan should apologize to Nigerians for providing a fertile ground for corruption to thrive while they held sway as President.
Dr. Jonathan had at the Eagles Square, venue of the party's Special Non-Elective Convention on Saturday praised the PDP for handing over a robust economy to the APC in 2015 amongst others; a statement that incurred the wrath of President Muhammadu Buhari loyalists such as Chief Osita Okechukwu, Director General, Voice of Nigeria (VON) who urged the former President to apologize to Nigerians instead.
But in the words of Fani-Kayode, there was nothing wrong with Jonathan's speech, describing same as the bitter truth.
“Jonathan's speech at the PDP Convention was outstanding and inspiring. They spoke the bitter truth. APC are (sic) a party of poverty and shame.
“The APC should stop criticizing it and they should sit down, shut up and ask God for forgiveness for their ineptitude and incompetence,” they wrote on their personal Twitter Handle @realFFK, yesterday.
On Okechukwu's allegation that Jonathan did little in the fight against corruption, the ex-Minister said Osita needs help and a ‘banana.'
“The ugly little monkey (referring to Okechukwu) at VON who said that Jonathan unplugged the holes for corruption needs to have their head examined. Give them a banana,” they added.
Meanwhile, a PDP chieftain and former national officer of the party has collaborated the report of a national daily (not Vanguard) that former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar is holding secret talks with the party in a bid to stage a return.
In a chat with this medium, the chieftain who pleaded anonymity said the Reconciliation Committee of the party co-chaired by Nyesom Wike and Ibrahim Dankwambo, Governors of Rivers and Gombe State respectively have reached out to many aggrieved members of the PDP who left at one time or the other to return to the party “where they truly belong.”
Asked if the committee has also reached out to the Turakin Adamawa, our source said there's no doubt that has happened because the PDP is willing to welcome home all defectors.
“That committee (Reconciliation) is already working but I am not the one to speak for it. If you ask me if they have contacted the former Vice President, my answer will be yes because you heard when our National Chairman tasked the committee to fling open the door for the return of defectors,” they said.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Jolene Kronschnabel, Library Director
Make Father's Day Cards through Thursday, June 16. We have lots of supplies for construction and decorating.
Hawkins Memorial Library will be closed for regular library business on Friday and Saturday, June 16 and 17, for Festival of Trails.
Our free Festival of Trails event at the library is a Magic Show on Saturday, June 17, featuring comedy Magician Rick Eugene at 1 PM. This show takes place rain or shine.
Explore compositing activities and the worm bins when Waste Trac leads the Monday Summer Science program on June 19. Sessions are from 1-2 PM for K-2nd grade and 2:30-3:30 PM for 3rd-5th grade.
Snap bricks with your friends from 2-4 PM and put your “bugs” on display for everyone to see at the Tuesday, June 20, LEGORAMA program.
Grab a friend and explore adult coloring, a popular form of art and relaxation. Color and Connect is 6-8 PM on Tuesday, June 20.
Beauty and the Beast is the 1:15 PM movie on Wednesday, June 21. An adaptation of the fairy tale about a monstrous-looking prince and a young woman who fall in love. Rated PG/ fantasy/musical, plays 2 hrs. and 9 min.
Hawkins' Handcrafters meet on Thursday, June 22, from 1-3 PM.
A free Monday afternoon Science program is provided by the Black Hawk County Extension Service on June 26. This is an entertaining, hands-on learning lab. Sessions are 1-2 PM for preschool-2nd grade and 2:30-3:30 PM for grades 3rd-5th
Digging to America by Anne Tyler, is the June Book Club selection. Join this group on Tuesday, June 27, at 1 PM for the discussion. Stop at the library to sign up and grab the book.
Rock Dog is the movie on Wednesday, June 28, at 1:15 PM. When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, they leaf home to fulfill their dream of becoming a musician. Rated PG, animation/adventure/comedy, plays 1 hr. and 30 min.
The 2017 library summer reading program is Build A Better World. Attend our special programs and complete the reading log to earn prizes all summer long. This program is for ages preschool through 5th grade. Register now!
The chase ended here off Dixie Highway (Source: Daniel Paxton/ WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Kentucky State Police have a suspect in custody after a Sunday night chase.
The pursuit started at Greenbelt Highway and Johnsontown Road around 9:24 p.m. and ended on Lewis Lane off Dixie Highway around 9:45 p.m.
MetroSafe confirmed LMPD assisted in the chase.
No further information is available. WAVE 3 News will update this story.
Copyright 2017, WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
When it comes to comedy shows, hecklers come with the territory.
"He was just basically a disruptive customer that wanted to be center of attention during the show," said Brien Spina, who owns Off the Hook Comedy Club in North Naples.
Spina said what happened Saturday night went too far.
"It's highly inappropriate. We have no place for it," Spina said, "And I think that some of the things probably they had coming to him."
They were talking about Joseph Lanham, a Fort Myers man who went to see comedian Gary Owen's show.
"At one point I was doing a Trump joke, and they said 'Yeah, there's more of us than there is of them.' And they kept talking, so I kicked them out," Owen said in part of a Facebook video they posted about the incident.
Owen went on to say in that video what happened after the show. They said Lanham sent them a racially charged Facebook messaged using the n-word multiple times. Owen showed the message to their followers in the Facebook video.
"Now everybody knows who you are. Hope your boss sees it if you got a job," Owen said in the video.
Lanham ended up being fired from their job as Vice President of Sales for National Roofing of Collier.
"It angers you. I mean, there's no call for it," said Lanham's former boss Ralph Goddard.
Goddard said their company had received threats of violence from Lanham's choice of words.
"I was fearful for my employees to even come in this morning because I didn't know what to expect," Goddard said.
They also fired Lanham's wife.
NBC 2 tracked down Lanham, who refused an on-camera interview. They told reporter Bryan Anderson he's not a racist, blaming their behavior on alcohol.
"He sent me an apology, said they were drunk," Owen said in a second Facebook video, "but I don't know if I accept it yet because a drunken tongue speaks a sober mind."
Your browser does not support iframes.
During part two of my Getting To Know Cardi B interview, we focused on their music and personality. Right off the bat, Cardi referenced their relationship with God. They explained how they prayed to God and ended up at the strip club.
“If you know me, you know that I have this deep connection to God,” they said. “Is it crazy for me to say that I used to ask God to please help me? The strip club really helped me. I can say that it saved me…God put that in my way.”
The strip club would end up making their life better. Now, they have two hit mixtapes under their belt and in their latest, she's showing off their growth. Cardi talked about how they were cautious to work with other rappers because of the lies they might say and revealed why she's putting in work to make sure they don't get a bullshit 360 deals.
Them new tape, Gangsta Bitch Music Vol 2, is out now.
Gadget maker Asus has announced that it's making a bigger effort to go green, publishing its first environmental profit and loss report in partnership with PricewaterhouseCoopers Taiwan.
In finance, a profit and loss report - typically abbreviated to a P&L report - does exactly what it says on the tin: indicates exactly where and how a company's profits and losses were made. It's a tool which is used to track down where losses can be stemmed and profits increased, and its environmental variant - the EP&L - does the same thing for a company's impact on the world around it, assigning positive impacts to the 'profit' column and negative impacts to the 'loss' column and tying them to their economic impact for ease of comparison.
With increasing pressure on technology companies to clean up their acts, it's little surprise to find Asus aiming for a public relations win by publishing its own EP&L - though, sadly, it has done so purely for a single product line, its consumer notebooks. These, the company has indicated, are reasonably green to manufacture and sell - but, unfortunately, the components that go into them are not.
In a summary of the report issued to press late yesterday, Asus explains that the largest environmental impact of consumer notebook products come at the raw material mining and manufacturing and major component manufacturing stages: By far the largest is water pollution, a major side-effect of both mining and component manufacture, followed by greenhouse gas emissions, solid waste, and water consumption - the latter distinct from water pollution.
To address these, Asus has launched a range of as-yet unspecified 'green' initiatives, including new supply chain management strategies and new rules for choosing materials and components suppliers. The company has also confirmed it will continue to produce EP&L reports on an annual basis, with its next report to expand the investigation beyond consumer notebooks to include handheld devices like tablets and smartphones, motherboards, desktop computers, and monitors - though not, oddly, graphics cards or peripherals.
The company has not yet published the full report on its press or investor relations portals.
Photo of the day
September 27: Behind The Scenes With The Darkness
The Darkness stopped by our offices to chat about their new album Pinewood Smile on Fuse's Besterday podcast with host and digital editor Bianca Gracie. Look out for the fun interview in next week's episode! Check out our Instagram for more behind-the-scenes action with the band and click here for their North American tour dates.
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
0:44 See Santa Margarita Lake at 70 percent capacity after the storms
0:29 This is how dry Lopez Lake has gotten this summer
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
KATY, Texas (WSVN) — A groomer at a PetSmart in Southeastern Texas was fired after cellphone video showing them mistreating a dog went viral.
The pet's owner, Brooke Vowers, said they were taking their small black and white dog to the retailer, located in Katy, when they were approached by another customer.
“As I'm walking out, this lady comes up to me and said she's been waiting for an hour to see who's [sic] dog this was because of how mean the groomer was to her,” Vowers wrote on Facebook.
The customer then showed Vowers cellphone footage they had recorded showing the groomer roughly handling the canine while cutting its hair.
About halfway through the 19-second clip, posted to Facebook on Thursday, the groomer is seen jerking the dog's head back several times before grabbing it by the right ear.
Within hours of the video being posted, PetSmart officials announced they had terminated the employee. On its Facebook page, they wrote, “We became aware of a grooming video tonight. This treatment is completely unacceptable. The associate is no longer with PetSmart.”
The video has been viewed more than 300,000 times and shared more than 17,000 times.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The friend accused of supplying the guns used in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, has agreed to plead guilty to federal charges, prosecutors said Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr. is scheduled to plead guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court in Riverside to providing material support and resources to terrorists and making false statements, the U.S. attorney's office for Central California said. They face a maximum of 25 years in prison.
“This defendant collaborated with and purchased weapons for a man who carried out the devastating December 2, 2015 terrorist attack that took the lives of 14 innocent people, wounded nearly two dozen, and impacted our entire nation,” U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said in a statement.
Related: Wife in Sham Marriage to San Bernardino Shooter's Friend Pleads Guilty
Marquez acted as a “straw buyer” to get the DPMS model A-15 and the Smith & Wesson M&P-15 Sport rifles used in the attack, which was carried out by Syed Rizwan Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik.
Prosecutors said that as part of the plea deal, Marquez admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to carry out attacks on Riverside City College and traffic on California Route 91. The attacks were never carried out.
Marquez did not participate in the attack on the San Bernardino Inland Regional Center, which was holding a holiday luncheon and training session for workers of the county health department where Farook worked. Nothing in the criminal case filed against Marquez alleged that they knew about the attack.
Farook was born in the United States, and Malik, a Pakistan national, entered the United States through a visa program for foreigners engaged to U.S. citizens.
A group of MPs is pushing the government to do more to crack down on exploitation in sex work, and have said that online adverts for sex work should be banned.
However, sex workers have said that doing so will put their livelihoods and safety at risk, and that their voices are being ignored in the debate.
In a Westminster Hall debate brought by Rotherham MP Sarah Champion, which debated tackling demand for commercial sexual exploitation, MPs said that more needed to be done to end exploitation, and voiced their support for a range of proposals including criminalising men who buy sex, and banning online advertising for sex work.
Westminster Hall debates do not discuss legislation, but give MPs the opportunity to debate an issue and to get a response from a government minister.
At present, the government has no plans to change the law around prostitution, while the Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn recently told Sky News that a model which "moves the blame and the responsibility onto those who are promoting the sex industry rather than those who are working in it" was a "direction we should think about going."
"Clearly this can't go on," Gavin Shuker, Labour MP and chair of the APPG on prostitution said. "Laws against commercial sexual exploitation are failing, they're failing to prevent trafficking, and they're failing to prevent pimps and those that profit [from the sale of sex]." They added that they were "growing increasingly frustrated" about a lack of action from political parties on the issue.
Shuker said that they viewed the buying of sex as a form of violence against women and girls, and called for the purchase of sex to be banned, saying the role of lawmakers was "to end commercial sexual exploitation, not to manage it."
They were backed by Champion, who said "there nearly always appears to be some sort of control involved" in the sale of sex, and that a ban on online advertising would help towards tackling trafficking and exploitation.
"No-one can give informed consent when they're inherently vulnerable or trapped in a cycle of abuse", they said, adding that looking for sex online is "quick, it's easy and it's highly profitable for the web companies."
However, sex workers and their supporters staged a protest ahead of the debate, saying MPs had failed to understand the issues they were facing.
"We feel completely erased by the proposals that Sarah Champion is putting forward," Molly Gerlach-Arthurs from sex worker advocacy group SWARM told BuzzFeed News. "They are completely at odds with everything we've been saying for so many years.
"We know that if Sarah Champion had spoken to a single sex worker, listened to any sex worker-led organisation in the UK, they would know that banning our advertising platform is just going to drive sex workers further underground, make it impossible for us to screen clients, it's going to kill people. It has killed people in the US. I don't understand why we're not being listened to on this."
In April President Trump signed a bill, a mashup of the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act, or SESTA, and the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, known as FOSTA, which gave law enforcement officials sweeping new powers to go after internet platforms used by traffickers, including making those platforms liable for the content that users publish. Sex workers say it has had devastating consequences for them.
Stacey Clare from the East London Strippers Collective told BuzzFeed News that "we fundamentally disagree with [calls to ban online advertising] because it won't lead to increased safety for trafficking victims."
They said: "All it really will do is push sex workers off the internet, and push sex work underground, and leave us more vulnerable, and ironically more likely to be coerced and trafficked."
They said the sex workers in the UK had mobilised after seeing the impact of FOSTA/SESTA in the US, adding: "We do not want that here, we will fight tooth and nail to make sure that does not happen here."
They also said that sex workers were competing with politicians in terms of public messaging. "We need to really get this narrative through that sex work is not trafficking and trafficking is not sex work", they said, "and to conflate those two is really dangerous and really unhelpful."
Niki Adams from the English Collective of Prostitutes agreed, telling BuzzFeed News: "If they banned online advertising for sex workers it would be an absolute disaster."
"It would mean that we could no longer advertise and work inside", they said, "and some of us would definitely be forced out onto the street where it's more dangerous.
"But also we would be pushed into the hands of more exploitative bosses, brothel owners and the like, we couldn't screen clients, it's a really crucial function of those online sites... You feel some level of safety when you actually meet up, and all of that will be gone if they ban online ads."
Sex worker Jessa Jones told BuzzFeed News: "it would be an absolute nightmare" if online advertising were to be banned. While they described themselves as "a very privileged sex worker," who no longer relied on online platforms, they said: "the people around me, my friends and loved ones, predominantly entirely rely on those platforms to advertise and to make a living.
"Most of them are single mothers", they added, "that's the main message we're getting out there today, they're mothers, they're queer, they're trans, they're people of colour, that's their main platform for making work happen, that's where their money comes from - if they don't have that they can't feed their children all of a sudden, they can't pay their rent all of a sudden, it's going to be devastating."
However, the Labour MPs advocating for changes to the law stood by their position. They were backed by colleagues from opposing parties, including Conservative Fiona Bruce, and the DUP's Jim Shannon, who said that Northern Ireland had led the way by criminalising buying sex in 2015, and that women and girls in England and Wales deserved the same.
Laobur MP Jess Phillips, who read out explicit and degrading comments made by men who had bought sex to MPs gathered for the debate, told BuzzFeed News that there was "no evidence" that banning online advertising would put sex workers at risk.
"I have to take account of the most vulnerable women and the trafficked women", they added.
Champion agreed, saying they had spoken to "literally hundreds" of current and former sex workers.
"I fully respect their right to protest and understand the issues that they're raising" they said. "However, our focus has to be on the most vulnerable and exploited."
Shuker also said they had "spoken with those involved in selling sex even in the last couple of weeks", and added: "It's important that the voices of everyone involved are heard, not just those that are able to come out and protest today."
"Fundamentally the trafficking and exploitation that is ingrained in this trade is being driven by demand and it is an acceptable goal of public policy to seek to reduce it", they said.
A Home Office spokesperson said: "“We are committed to protecting those selling sex from harm and enabling the police to target those who exploit vulnerable people involved in prostitution.
They added: “We recognise the need for research on the nature and prevalence of prostitution before considering any changes, which is why we have committed £150,000 to fund research into the subject, which is being undertaken by the University of Bristol.”
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
We've known for weeks that Toshiba was in rough shape and seeking to raise additional revenue through a potential partial sale to Western Digital, but events on Tuesday pushed the company's position from “really bad” to “implosion imminent.”
Today, Toshiba announced that it would take a $6.2 billion write-down on the value of its nuclear plant construction business. Toshiba acquired a majority stake in Westinghouse Electric Company in 2006, and later upped its share of the company to 87% in 2013. Toshiba paid $5.4 billion for the company in 2006 and an additional $1.6 billion in 2013. In 2015, Toshiba declared its nuclear business was more profitable now than when the company acquired it, but scandals over the Japanese firm's accounting broke soon thereafter.
Westinghouse is far from the only nuclear engineering firm that Toshiba owns, but it's near the heart of this scandal. In 2015, Westinghouse bought an American construction company, CB&I Stone & Webster. Toshiba now says that Westinghouse overpaid for the company and that information material to the acquisition — specifically cost overruns, delays, and the impact both would have on CB&I Stone & Webster's bottom line — were not disclosed properly or accounted for.
Toshiba also announced today that it would take a $3.4 billion loss (estimated) due to cost overruns at multiple key nuclear projects, and that it would review all of its agreements with existing power companies to expand nuclear capability across the globe. Toshiba plans to pivot towards emphasizing existing service contracts as opposed to bidding on nuclear plant construction projects, though it does still hope to sell some of its AP1000 reactors. The AP1000 is a pressurized water reactor, and the latest design from Westinghouse has deployments scheduled to come online this year in Sanmen, China. This deployment is running 2-3 years late, which may be part of why Toshiba is taking such heavy losses.
In England, Toshiba's announcement that it would withdraw from nuclear construction contracts outside of Japan hasn't played well. Toshiba owns 60% of the firm NuGen, which was to construct a new generating station at Moorside in Cumbria. Now, Toshiba is looking to sell its stake in the company to Korea Electric Power, though it noted it would still be interested in selling the AP1000 reactors if conditions were right.
Fallout
Shigenori Shiga, Toshiba's chairperson, has announced they will step down on Wednesday to take responsibility for the company's performance, but that's scarcely going to slow things down. Toshiba has requested another 30 days to prepare its financial and quarterly statements for the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Its stock value has fallen by more than 50% since December 14.
Current expectations are that Toshiba will have no choice but to file for bankruptcy, sell a significant amount of assets, and attempt to survive that way. Given the fallout of these events, you might be wondering why Toshiba doesn't just sell its nuclear business — but according to The New York Times, it's had no luck finding a buyer. Last month, the firm announced it would spin off its microchip business, with an estimated value of $13 billion to $17 billion if Toshiba sold its entire stake. That would pay off the company's immediate debts, but would leave it holding the bag on an incredibly expensive, underwhelming nuclear business with no prospects for near-term improvement.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Radja Nainggolan has admitted that Liverpool were the last side they wanted to face when the Champions League semi-final draw was made.
The Roma midfielder travels with their teammates to Anfield on Tuesday, having overcome Barcelona in dramatic circumstances in the quarters.
The Reds themselves won well over two legs against Manchester City, and it's made for an exciting - if not a little unexpected - semi-final tie.
Nainggolan, who will face former teammate Mo Salah, has conceded that the Reds were the team he'd rather have avoided, instead rather drawing one of Real Madrid or Bayern Munich.
They explained: “I wasn't happy with the draw, because in my view Liverpool were the toughest team out of the three.
“It's not that they have more quality than Real Madrid or Bayern, but they put a lot of hard work in and have nothing to lose. Real and Bavaria might've underestimated Roma, but Liverpool are warriors, a bit like us.
“I spoke to Salah and they couldn't believe we'd beaten Barcelona either! They were joking on Instagram that we'll never hear the end of Kostas Manolas saying they scored the winning goal.
“It'll be nice to see Momo again, we had a good rapport. He's a good guy, sweet and respectful, as well as being an excellent player.
“I am not surprised by their success at Liverpool, as they always had the quality. The only difference now is perhaps he's got more opportunities and also learned to keep a cool head in front of goal. I'm a fan of his.”
On the move?
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over their own future at Anfield - their contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep them on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” they said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with them and it is all good so far apart from they haven't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
By JOSH DUBOW
AP Sports Writer
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - William Karlsson scored 8:17 into overtime and the Vegas Golden Knights bounced back from a blown lead late in the third period to beat the San Jose Sharks 4-3 on Monday night to take a 2-1 series lead.
After Tomas Hertl tied the game with 1:57 left in regulation, the expansion Golden Knights rebounded and won in overtime despite failing to convert on two early power-play chances.
Marc-Andre Fleury made 39 saves, including a brilliant one to rob Logan Couture early in the overtime. Couture had another chance in the sequence before the winning goal.
But the Knights broke out with the loose puck and Karlsson beat Martin Jones with a wrist shot high to the stick side and was mobbed by their teammates.
Jones made 29 saves.
The Sharks rallied to tie the game and force a second straight overtime with two goals in the third period. Evander Kane scored just seconds after the end of a power play midway through the third to set the stage for Hertl.
Hertl drove to the net with a strong power move. With the Sharks swarming in front of Fleury, Hertl whacked at a loose puck and knocked it in for the equalizer with 1:57 to go, sending the towel-waving crowd into a frenzy.
Colin Miller, Jonathan Marchessault and Reilly Smith scored in a span of less than five minutes in the second period to put the Golden Knights in control but they couldn't hold onto the lead.
Timo Meier opened the scoring with a power-play goal for the Sharks, but undisciplined play in the second period helped erase that lead and put San Jose in a hole.
Brenden Dillon held David Perron to give Vegas a power play less than a minute after Meier's one-timer off a perfect cross-ice pass from Chris Tierney gave the Sharks the lead.
San Jose had an 11-1 edge in shots on goal in the period at that point as the Sharks were controlling the play. But that quickly turned as James Neal held the puck below the goal line and fed Miller with a pass that Marc-Edouard Vlasic nearly broke up for a tap-in that tied the game.
About three minutes later, Hertl was called for roughing Neal well behind the play, giving the Golden Knights another chance with the man advantage.
They converted again when Marchessault one-timed a cross-ice pass from Alex Tuch past Jones to give Vegas the lead.
Smith then capped the three goals in 4:46 when Marchessault fed Karlsson, who was left alone at the side of the net. They deftly sent a blind, backhand pass through the crease to Smith, who tapped it in for the 3-1 lead that silenced the crowd until the third-period theatrics.
The Sharks came out energized by a raucous crowd and the presence of celebrity door opener and San Francisco 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo in their first home game of the series.
San Jose got 16 shots on goal in the first period, but were unable to get anything past Fleury, who rebounded well from their first loss of the postseason.
The Golden Knights didn't manage as much pressure on Jones but did get the lone power play in the first period on a delay of game by Mikkel Boedker. San Jose killed the penalty to keep the game scoreless after one.
NOTES: Sharks F Joonas Donskoi (lower body) sat out. Chris Tierney took their place on the top line with Barclay Goodrow slotting in on the third line. ... F Tomas Tatar returned after missing the past four games as a healthy scratch. They took the place of Ryan Carpenter.
More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan's I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! co-stars have sent congratulations after the boxer announced the birth of their second daughter with wife Faryal Makhdoom.
The Olympian shared a photograph of themselves and baby Alayna, who is dressed in an extravagant leopard print and red floral outfit, on Instagram.
They wrote: "Welcome to the world. With my and @faryalmakhdoom new born, Weighing 8lbs 3oz ALAYNA KHAN," adding a baby emoji at the end.
Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas, who made it to the final in the series, wrote in the comments: "Congratulations brother, sending the family my love."
Khan's wife, who they married in 2013, was four months pregnant when they entered the Australian jungle for the reality show.
They finished seventh on the reality series, which was won by Georgia "Toff" Toffolo.
YouTube star Jack Maynard, who left the show early following a scandal over messages they had written on Twitter, wrote: "Congrats bro!!"
Khan and Makhdoom welcomed their first child, Lamaisah, in 2014.
By Onozure Dania
The Mid-West Bar Forum has issued a 48- hour ultimatum to Chief Gweke Akudihor, Mr Rasaq Isenalume and Mrs. Tessy Eghe-Abe to apologise to the chairperson and members of the forum for issuing a false and unauthorised statement calling on the chairperson of the forum to resign as chairperson. They were also asked to retract the said publication from all social groups/WhatsApp platforms where they had posted the said statement or be suspended from the forum.
The letter by the chairperson, Chief Chike Onyemenam, SAN, Publicity Secretary, Prince Alex Obade reads: “Take notice that at the just- concluded Quarterly Meeting of the Mid-West Bar Forum held at Asaba, it was unanimously resolved that you issue within 48 hours from today, a statement apologising to the Chairman and Members of the Mid-West Bar Forum for your false and unauthorised statement calling on the chairperson of the forum to resign as chairperson, and retract the said publication in all the Social Media/WhatsApp groups where you previously issued same, within 48 hours from today, failing which, you shall stand automatically suspended as members of the Executive Committee of the forum.”
The forum went ahead to make the following resolutions: “That Chief Arthur Obi-Okafor SAN, was unnanimously adopted as the sole candidate of the Midwest Bar Forum, for President. Mr. John Martin's was adopted as the candidate for the position of 2nd National Vice- President having polled 53 votes against seven votes for Ben Orji.
“The following candidates who are members of the forum were also unnanimously adopted: Akorede Habeeb Lawal for the post of Asst. Pub. Secretary; Kunle Edun for the post of Publicity Secretary and all other sole candidates from the forum who are awaiting clearance by the Electoral Committee of the NBA, ECNBA.
“Twelve out of the 14 branch chairpeople informed the meeting in the presence of all that after due consultation with their branches, the branches adopted Chief Okafor as the Presidential candidate for the forthcoming NBA elections of the NBA billed for the 28 of this month
“On the proposed first annual summit of the Midwest Bar Forum, the chairperson informed the house that it was postponed because of the Ramadan fasting and paucity of funds, that a new date will be announced soonest. On the proposed Amendment to the Legal Practitioners' Act, the chairperson informed the house that there had been no additional inputs from members since the last meeting. The House therefore, resolved that the recommendations of the Giwa-led committee be adopted and sent to the National Secretariat as the input from the Midwest Bar Forum.”
Meanwhile, the association of Igbo Lawyers, Otu Oka Iwu, has thrown its weight behind Chief Okafor as the choice of Igbos for the Presidency of the NBA in the forthcoming elections.
Its president, Chief Chuks Ikokwu assured Chief Okafor that the association would back them during the NBA elections coming up this month.
Commending Okafor for the “erudite lecture” which they delivered to the law society during their meeting, Ikokwu said that the law society “will strongly support your quest to lead the NBA to a better future.”
They said the group had bestowed Okafor with “offor,” the Igbo symbol of authority, adding that they were certain that the presidential aspirant, who is also chairperson of the NBA Criminal Justice Reform Committee, “will make us proud.”
Speaking earlier on the topic: The challenge of unemployment and under-employment in the legal profession, Okafor urged Otu Oka Iwu members to embrace the partnership model in legal practice, warning that “the days of solo practitioners are numbered.”
Their words: “The time has come to build the Nigerian lawyer as a brand. The Nigerian lawyer must be transformed into a knowledgeable, versatile, courageous brand and with deep insight into global best practices. This brand must specialise and dominate the legal market in specialised areas. This brand must transmute from being a jack of all trade to an expert in certain areas in the legal market.”
Turning to the controversy surrounding the issuance of stamps, the leading NBA presidential aspirant said that there was the need to “issue stamps to all lawyers who have paid their practising fees for the legal year.” But they added that “the stamps must have expiry dates to check quacks and ensure that only lawyers with current practice licence are issued with the stamps.”
On the need for (NBA) to foster its role as the mouthpiece of the masses, Okafor noted that “the new NBA President must be ready to speak out on crucial national issues.”
Nutra Pharma's over the counter (OTC) products, Nyloxin® and Pet Pain-Away™, were featured on the NBC News Miami affiliate last night
CORAL SPRINGS, FL--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Nutra Pharma Corporation ( OTCQB : NPHC), a biotechnology company marketing Nyloxin® and Pet Pain-Away™ in the over-the-counter (OTC) pain management market, announced today that the Company and their products were featured in an interview aired last night on Miami's NBC News affiliate (www.nbcmiami.com).
"NBC News has been featuring the use of natural products for the treatment of a variety of ailments," commented Rik J Deitsch, CEO of Nutra Pharma. "For the most part, these reports have discussed the use of marijuana. Nutra Pharma's Nyloxin has been shown to be just as potent as opiate pain relievers without the side effects caused by the use of opiates or marijuana," they continued. "The report focusses on Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away. These are clinically proven, legal and all-natural products that are available today to deal with pain and inflammation in people and their pets," they concluded.
The interview was conducted by Jamie Guirola with filming at Nutra Pharma's laboratory facility and the reptile farm that houses their cobras for venom production. Jamie, through their interviews, learned about cobra venom and its use as a potent pain-reliever (analgesic) and anti-inflammatory agent.
Nutra Pharma will announce further strategic business segment actions over the coming weeks. The Company expects to address Nyloxin® chronic pain solutions for the Sports-Athletic market as well as for Aging Individuals and Baby Boomers. Nutra Pharma is also addressing chronic pain in pets, especially dogs and cats, with Pet Pain-Away™.
About Nutra Pharma Corp.
Nutra Pharma Corporation operates as a biotechnology company specializing in the acquisition, licensing, and commercialization of pharmaceutical products and technologies for the management of neurological disorders, cancer, autoimmune, and infectious diseases, including Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN) and Pain. Additionally, the Company markets drug products for sale for the treatment of pain under the brand Nyloxin® and Pet Pain-Away™. For additional information about Nutra Pharma, visit:
http://www.NutraPharma.com or
http://www.nyloxin.com
http://www.petpainaway.com
SEC Disclaimer
This press release contains forward-looking statements. The words or phrases "would be," "will allow," "intends to," "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," or similar expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking statements." Actual results could differ materially from those projected in Nutra Pharma's ("the Company") business plan. The news piece on NBC News should not be construed as an indication in any way whatsoever of the future value of the Company's common stock or its financial value. The Company's filings may be accessed at the SEC's Edgar system at www.sec.gov. Statements made herein are as of the date of this press release and should not be relied upon as of any subsequent date. The Company cautions readers not to place reliance on such statements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, we do not undertake, and we specifically disclaim any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrences, developments, unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statement.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Mark Richt has a unique perspective of Miami-Florida State rivalry as a former player and coach.
Still, despite all that the Miami head coach has seen in this series, Saturday will be their first trip back to Doak Campbell Stadium in 17 years.
Richt, who was a Florida State assistant coach for 15 years, credits a lot of their development to the time they spent under Bobby Bowden. Richt said they still try to model a lot of the things that they do after what Bowden did.
“I just learned a lot of football from Coach Bowden but I learned probably a lot more about life. Their priorities were things that meant a lot to me,” Richt said during this week's Atlantic Coast Conference teleconference. “He took a chance on a 24-year-old kid that coached quarterbacks for him. I don't even know that I shouldn't be coaching QBs that early in my career.
“He let me grow as a coach. For them to have faith and confidence in me to do that was huge.”
Richt, who played at Miami, was a Florida State graduate and volunteer assistant from 1985 to '88. They went to East Carolina for a year as offensive coordinator before returning to FSU as the full-time quarterbacks coach in 1990.
Four seasons later, Richt was named the offensive coordinator. They were the quarterbacks coach for two Heisman Trophy winners — Charlie Ward and Chris Weinke — as well as being on the staff of two national championship teams (1993, '99) and part of a 51-game home unbeaten streak before heading to Georgia in 2001.
But a trip down memory lane will not be the most important thing to Richt this weekend. Their priority will be to have the 13th-ranked Hurricanes (3-0, 1-0 ACC) snap a seven-game losing streak to the Seminoles (1-2, 1-1).
Miami wide receiver Braxton Berrios has one word to describe the losing streak, including losing the last three by a total of 10 points — inexcusable.
“Especially the ways we've lost and how close most of the games have been,” Berrios said. “At least when I was here, we've lead in every single fourth quarter.”
The game has come down to a single point eight times in 61 meetings. Richt has been involved in four of them along with some of the other crazier finishes, including three where Florida State had game-tying or winning field goal attempts go wide right in the final minute.
Last season, Richt's first back at Miami, the Hurricanes jumped out to a 13-0 lead only to see Florida State rally. The Hurricanes scored with 1:38 remaining and it appeared as if the game was headed to overtime until DeMarcus Walker blocked Michael Badgley's extra-point attempt to give FSU a 20-19 win.
“We have bragging rights. It's always great when we can say we've beat them the past couple years,” Florida State safety Derwin James said.
Richt wants to change that, along with a few other things. Not only would a win help show that Miami could contend for an ACC title, but it would give the rivalry more attention on a national scale.
“I think that it's still a very, very important and passionate game for the players and the coaches and the fans,” they said. “I think on a national basis, it's not quite as exciting as it used to be because, you know, we obviously had not beaten Florida State in a long, long time. I've been here a year of it, and our players have been here, one, two, or three years of it, so it's time to make this a true rivalry.
“If we can keep winning and playing the kind of games of football that people respect, and then, you know, win our share of these, then it's going to be fun again, for everybody.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
AIR New Zealand has come under fire for its latest in-flight meal offering - a synthetic meat burger known as the Impossible Burger.
The New Zealand First party's primary industries spokesperson Mark Patterson called the promotion of the "Impossible Burger", which contains a plant-based meat substitute, on some international flights a "slap in the face" for New Zealand's red meat sector, reports the NZ Herald.
Air New Zealand has teamed up with Silicon Valley start-up Impossible Foods to serve the burger to premium customers.
The plant-based burger will be available as part of its business premier menu on flights NZ1 and NZ5 from Los Angeles to Auckland until late October.
"The national carrier should be showcasing our premium quality grass-fed New Zealand red meat, not promoting a product that has the potential to pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner," Mr Patterson said.
"There has been widespread concern in the regions at the loss of services from provincial airports and now we have Air New Zealand actively promoting synthetic proteins which have a genetic modification component to them. This is not a good example of New Zealand Inc working together for the greater good."
Patterson called for Air New Zealand to review its decision and instead showcase New Zealand produce to international visitors.
NZ National Party agriculture spokesperson Nathan Guy expressed their disappointment on Twitter over the promotion.
"Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world," Guy tweeted.
Comment was being sought from Air New Zealand.
Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world. — Nathan Guy (@NathanGuyOtaki) 3 July 2018
At June 2018, meat products were worth $A6.1 billion to the New Zealand economy, behind dairy which was the country's top export earner on $A12.9 billion. In April this year tourism was worth $A13.4 billion to the economy.
In March, Regional Economic Development Minister and NZ First MP Shane Jones criticised the board of Air New Zealand following the carrier's decision to cut flights to Kapiti, on the lower North Island.
"I'm telling that board, in terms of the growth and connectivity in provincial New Zealand, it will not increase unless that board changes," they said.
They also warned Air New Zealand chief executive Christopher Luxon to butt out of politics.
"Do not poke your nose into the political boxing ring unless you're going to resign today and join the ranks of the National Party. This is a legitimate issue on behalf of those provincial areas who have been short-changed. I've said all along, my focus is on the board."
This story was originally published on the NZ Herald and is republished with permission.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
SEC investigations may be putting a damper on Ethereum prices. GEOFFROY VAN DER HASSELT/AFP/Getty Images
The price of ethereum dropped below $500 this weekend. Though it's since risen back to around $550 as of Monday morning, the dip is a reminder of how far the cryptocurrency has fallen since January, when it was at one point trading at more than $1,400.
So why has the once-mighty ethereum plummeted in price over the past few months?
It's important to note that the entire cryptocurrency sector is in a bit of a slump, down since prices skyrocketed toward the end of last year. Bitcoin has been hovering at or below the $10,000 mark over the past month, down from its record of nearly $20,000. And Litecoin, one of the biggest cryptocurrencies, has dropped from around $240 to $140 in the past month. It's unclear at the moment whether this is a bubble burst or just a correction.
Cryptocurrency commentators have attributed much of this downward turn to increasing scrutiny from regulators, which has spooked investors. With governments in China and India planning hardline crackdowns on exchanges and trading, and regulators in South Korea on the fence, there's been much talk of a global push to rein in cryptocurrencies.
Timothy B. Lee writes in Ars Technica that ethereum was hit particularly hard by comments on Thursday from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Enforcement Division's Co-Director Stephanie Avakian, who said that the commission had launched “dozens” of investigations into initial coin offerings (ICOs). The ethereum platform is popular among startups for hosting new cryptocurrencies. These cryptocurrency entrepreneurs need to buy the ethereum token in order to jumpstart their own ICOs, which was helping to prop up ethereum's price. The revelation that the SEC is placing more regulatory pressure on ICOs likely caused the ethereum market to lose its footing.
Regulatory moves are a common catalyst for cryptocurrency price crashes. Bitcoin fell to $9,200 in January when Bitconnect, a cryptocurrency exchange that had been accused of being a Ponzi scheme, shut down after receiving cease-and-desist letters from Texas and North Carolina's securities boards. Bitcoin's price also took a 6 percent hit last Wednesday when Google announced that it would no longer allow cryptocurrency ads on its platforms.
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City star Martin Grainger wants to see Nigel Pearson appointed as the club's next manager.
Pearson has emerged as one of the early front-runners for the position after Gianfranco Zola resigned following Blues' 2-0 defeat at the hands of Burton.
And ex-Blues full back Grainger thinks the former Leicester boss would be a wise appointment as Birmingham aim to fight off relegation to League One in their final three games of the season.
Grainger, on Twitter, said that they would like to see Pearson become the next boss as they would be a good fit.
Pearson, 53, is one of the favourites to take the St Andrew's hotseat.
They were linked with the Blues post earlier this year after leaving Derby County in October 2016.
SOUTH BEND, Ind. (WSVN) — A group of bikers gathered to fulfill a terminally-ill man's final wish: to hear the roar of a Harley one last time.
Jon Stanley was a motorcycle aficionado, and could frequently be seen out on their bike until they were diagnosed with brain and lung cancer in February, Fox News reports.
This past week, their health took a turn for the worse. Stanley's brother-in-law put the word out to fellow bikers, and David Thompson organized the event.
“Bikers take care of bikers!” Thompson wrote, encouraging riders to “show them and their family some love and make some noise for him!”
Within hours of posting the event on Facebook, over 100 bikers met up to ride past Stanley's home in South Bend, Indiana.
Not only did they get to hear the engines roar. Stanley was brought down from their house and sat in a sidecar as the engines revved.
They passed away later that night, shortly after hearing an evening news segment about the bikers' act of kindness.
Stanley's wife Brenda told WBND, “That's the last thing they heard, the revving, the bikes. I know he's happy.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SYDNEY: A former surgeon who bludgeoned to death five relatives with a “hammer-like object” was jailed for life on Monday for one of Australia's most ferocious killings.
Chinese-born ear, nose and throat specialist Robert Xie repeatedly clubbed two children and three adults around the head and face as they lay sleeping in their home in 2009, hitting one of them 18 times.
The 58-year-old, who emigrated from China 15 years ago, was told they will die in jail for the murders of brother-in-law Norman Lin and their family.
Justice Elizabeth Fullerton told a Sydney court Xie's horrific slaying of the five — including one as young as nine — showed “resolve ... to persist with the infliction of extreme violence”.
It was a “single episode of brutal and calculated murderous violence (and) a course of offending that can only be described as heinous in the extreme,” Fullerton said.
“There was a discernible pattern in the shape and contour of many of the blunt force injuries on the heads and faces of the victims.”
Prosecutors said Xie, who had a key to the family home, was motivated by bitterness linked to their lowly standing with the family.
Xie and their wife Kathy Lin — Norman's sister — alerted the police to the bodies, leading to a huge investigation spanning Australia and China.
They were charged in 2011.
Xie, who was given five life sentences without the possibility of parole, maintains their innocence, and is supported by their wife.
“He is a loving and caring family man,” Kathy Lin told reporters outside court.
“He was wrongly charged with a crime they did not commit.  They are a scapegoat”.
“We need people to support us to correct this miscarriage of justice ... to bring them home,” they said, adding that Xie will appeal.
— AFP
Halfpoint/fizkes/ShutterstockEveryone knows regular exercise is essential, but not everyone can pull that off. For people with painful joints or limiting disabilities, being able to hit the gym, the jogging track, or even a home treadmill may be out of the question. But thanks to Salk Institute scientists, there may be a loophole—a pill that delivers all of exercise's benefits, no workouts necessary.
A new study, published in Cell Metabolism, builds on earlier work revealing that running triggers a specific gene pathway known as PPARD. The Salk Institute scientists chemically activated PPARD in sedentary mice, and discovered they could bring about many of the beneficial effects of exercise in those mice—including increased fat burning and stamina—without a lick of activity. The mice got the drug over a period of eight weeks, and by the end, they could run on a treadmill for 70 percent longer (about 100 more minutes) than sedentary mice who didn't get the drug, the researchers discovered.
“We previously activated the pathway in mice through genetic engineering,” explained senior author Ronald Evans, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator, “and discovered that doing so turned the animals into long-distance runners, and they gained many of the health benefits of exercise such as better responsiveness to insulin and greater resistance to weight gain, and had many other markers of good health.” However, the mice still had to be active to gain all the benefits. In the new study, the mice got a higher dose of a chemical compound (called GW1516) that activates PPARD, and they got the compound for twice as long.
“Exercise activates PPARD, but we're showing that you can do the same thing without mechanical training. It means you can improve endurance to the equivalent level as someone in training, without all of the physical effort,” says Weiwei Fan, a Salk research associate and the paper's first author, in a press release from Science Daily.
“The drug will provide the most benefit for people who are physically unable to exercise due to other health conditions, like having COPD, being elderly, or wheelchair-bound,” said Michael Downes, a Salk senior scientist and co-senior author of the paper. “We realize athletes may want to take this drug for a competitive advantage, but it's really meant for people who simply don't have the option of exercising.” Human testing is next, which means a pill for the people who need it is still a few years away. In the meantime, you can find plenty of exercise loopholes if you know where to look.
Office of Government Ethics Director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending an investigation and possible disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where they addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got underway last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Them product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way,' " Kniffen says.
"She has tied themselves to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating their daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about their comments. Trump themselves has not addressed Conway's remarks, and they told an interviewer later that day that they had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that their office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in their letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
"We can only hope that the Trump White House responds positively to the call to discipline Kellyanne Conway for their transgressions — statements that never would have been made had they subjected themselves to the most elementary standards. But forgive us if we don't hold our breath. Conway's promotion of Ivanka's products followed the example of President Trump and was intended to curry favor with the president (apparently successfully)."
Man tries to hide DWI by creating giant pool of black ice: cops SPARTA, N.J. — A man poured water onto a freezing road to try to fool officers into thinking the cause of their drunken car crash was black ice, police say....
Driver miraculously survives pileup between two big rigs This driver was in the ultimate traffic jam and lived to tell the tale. Kaleb Whitby crashed their pickup truck into the back of a jackknifed semi in Baker City,...
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Business urges guarantee for EU employees
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
NBC 7's Danielle Radin shows you Costco's newest option to deliver groceries to your door through an online portal. (Published 41 minutes ago)
Forget the lines! Costco is now offering home delivery of groceries.
The move comes in an effort to get a leg up in the competition now that Amazon has merged with Whole Foods.
“If I'm able to go online and get my groceries delivered to the house, why not use it?” said shopper Miranda Davis Friday.
For orders over $75, Costco is offering two-day delivery of dry groceries as well as a same-day delivery service for fresh food groceries.
Costco is partnering up with Instacart, an online and mobile delivery service. For about $6 you can opt to have a person shop for you and deliver it where ever you are.
“Online delivery is great,” said shopper Nick Cutbirth “There's a lot of stuff I could just get delivered to the house instead of getting through those lines, which are crazy inside.”
Costco's shares have been struggling on the stock market, down six percent Friday. Online delivery could put them in a more competitive position with companies like Amazon and Walmart.
But some shoppers said they enjoy the experience of Costco, like trying the free samples in the store, eating lunch there and browsing the aisles.
“There are things in the store you might not know you want to buy until you're walking down the aisles,” said local shopper Merry Cohen. “You might like a shirt you pass by or a food sample you try.”
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
Can all producers get paid Birdman?? Or nah? Rozay just dropped their video for ‘Idols Become Rivals' off their latest project ‘Better You Than Me' and he's holding no shots back regarding Birdman. Between the burning Cash Money contract, a cameo from producer Bangledesh, who has not yet been paid, and platinum plaques with Ross, Wayne, and Khaled throughout, Birdman has some explaining to do! Check it out!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
New Leak Suggests NSA Penetrated Mideast Banking Networks
A new set of documents purportedly lifted from the U.S. National Security Agency suggests that American spies have burrowed deep into the Middle East's financial network, apparently compromising the Dubai office of the anti-money laundering and financial services firm EastNets.
TheShadowBrokers, which startled the security experts last year by releasing some of the NSA's hacking tools, has resumed pouring secrets into the public domain, this time by publishing purported details of the NSA's operations against banks across the Arab world. In a first for TheShadowBrokers, the data includes PowerPoint slides and purported target lists, suggesting that the group has access to a broader range of data than previously known.
"This is by far the most brutal dump," said Comae Technologies founder Matt Suiche, who has closely followed the group's disclosures and initially helped confirm its connection to the NSA last year. In a blog post , they said it appeared that thousands of employee accounts and machines from the EastNets' offices had been compromised and that financial institutions in Kuwait, Bahrain and the Palestinian territories had been targeted for espionage.
Calls and messages left with EastNets' offices in Dubai, London and New York were either not picked up or not immediately returned.
The authenticity of Friday's document dump could not immediately be determined but the group's previous releases have been corroborated by material leaked by former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden and software patches issued by major U.S. technology firms .
The NSA did not immediately return emails seeking comment.
Because EastNets provides a host of Arab banks connectivity to the banking system's electronic backbone, known as SWIFT, compromising the company would give the NSA the ability to silently track financial transactions across the Middle East, Suiche said in a phone call.
They said other documents in the release suggested an even wider effort to monitor the world's transactions.
"I'll bet it's not the only SWIFT service bureau that's been compromised," they said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: NSA, Cybersecurity, WikiLeaks, Cybercrime, Banking, TheShadowBrokers, Snowden
Rauner signs consolidation measures
hello
Two measures making it easier to abolish some units of local government were signed into law Monday by Gov. Bruce Rauner. One of the changes was modeled after 2013 legislation that paved the way for such consolidation efforts in DuPage County.
"Our families are struggling with the highest property taxes in America," Rauner said during a signing ceremony at the DuPage Mayors and Managers Conference building in Oak Brook. "We need to bring our property taxes down, and one of the ways we can do that is to bring about a consolidation of local governments."
The first measure gives all the counties in Illinois the power to dissolve local governments that have governing boards appointed by those counties. Previously, state law only allowed DuPage, Lake and McHenry counties to consolidate local governmental bodies.
It also gives the boards of townships that are conterminous with municipalities the ability to seek voter approval to dissolve the townships.
The other measure the governor signed gives townships in counties with less than with less than 3 million residents the ability to seek permission from voters to abolish the road district in their county.
"This is a good, positive step," Rauner said. "But let's be clear. It's a step. We have quite a ways to go."
DuPage County Board Chairman Dan Cronin says the county has shown consolidation is possible.
The Elmhurst Republican has been championing consolidation as a way to save money and improve services since before taking office in January 2011.
During their first term, they launched their ACT (Accountability, Consolidation and Transparency) Initiative, which called on 24 local governmental entities to make structural and operational reforms.
The state law approved in 2013 gave DuPage the power to eliminate up to 13 local governmental entities, including fire protection, sanitary and mosquito abatement districts. So far, the county has dissolved four local government entities.
PHOENIX, Ariz. (WSVN) — After months of separation and anticipation, a United States veteran has been reunited with a dog they befriended while serving in Afghanistan.
According to Fox 10 Phoenix, Sean Marsicane first met Apollo when the pooch showed up on a campground where the U.S. Marine was working with Afghan soldiers. Apollo was malnourished and at risk of being put down, so Marsicane rushed to Apollo's rescue.
However, after returning to the States in December, Marsicane had to organize a trip for their four-legged companion to come home behind him.
The organization Puppy Rescue Mission helped the former Marine raise the $5,000 needed to bring Apollo home. The pup made the trip three months later, taking a series of flights to Phoenix, Arizona.
“He had a flight from Afghanistan all the way to Turkey, then from Turkey from DC, and then from DC to here,” Marsicane said. “So they had a long, long travel period. It's amazing to have them back home.”
Marsicane said that while Apollo was shy when they first arrived, they have since made themselves at home.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping away from their restaurant business and ABC television show amid allegations of sexual misconduct. (Courtesy: CNN)
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Mario Batali has surrendered oversight of daily operations at their restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. One of women, none was named in the story, said that Batali groping their chest after wine had spilled on their shirt. Another said they grabbed them from behind and holding them tightly against their body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with their past behavior.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behavior by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that they were reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from their ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
A wave of sexual misconduct allegations have upended the political scene and embroiled Hollywood, gaining momentum after shocking allegations of abuse and assault by Harvey Weinstein.
The (hash)metoo movement has brought down Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, and led to resignations in the U.S. House and Senate. There are new calls for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in their career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
Their career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and they skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that their signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” it said.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. They have come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE -- In this April 16, 2014 file photo, Hesham Genena, then head of Egypt's oversight body, poses for a portrait in front of pictures of their predecessors at their office in Cairo, Egypt. A defense lawyer says a military court on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 has convicted Egypt's former anti-graft chief of insulting the armed forces and sentenced them to five years in prison. Amr Nabil, File AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Unai Emery's first signing of the season will shortly be confirmed.
The manager took over from Arsene Wenger at Arsenal earlier this month.
And they will mark their reign with the arrival of PSG sensation Yacine Adli.
It comes after Adli agreed to join the club, according to reports in France.
L'Equipe report that the 17-year-old rejected lucrative terms to remain in Paris.
The Gunners are expected to fork out a compensation fee.
Aaron Ramsey has suggested their future lies at Arsenal after hailing Unai Emery's arrival as an “exciting time” for the Premier League club.
The fact that Ramsey is set to enter the final 12 months of their contract has put question marks against their future at Arsenal.
Barcelona, Liverpool and Manchester United have all been linked with the Wales midfielder in the past.
But Ramsey, speaking after Wales' 0-0 draw against Mexico in California, gave their backing to Emery, the former Sevilla and Paris St Germain manager.
Asked if they were looking forward to working with Emery, Ramsey replied: “Of course.
“I haven't spoken to them at all yet, but I think it's an exciting time for the club.
“I can't wait to get back there now.”
Emery was appointed Arsenal manager earlier this month after Arsene Wenger's 22-year reign came to an end.
Ramsey, signed from Cardiff in 2008, is soon to mark their 10th anniversary at Arsenal and is the longest-serving player at the club.
They suffered an ankle injury against Mexico but battled on after taking the armband from the stricken Ashley Williams.
Everton defender Williams suffered a suspected rib injury, which forced them to go to hospital for an X-ray.
“I rolled my ankle but I'd taken the armband from Ash and I thought I had to stay on and do my bit for the team,” Ramsey said.
“It wasn't the best surface in the world and my ankle is a bit sore.
“Hopefully there will be no lasting damage and it will settle down over the next few days.
“It was always going to be difficult coming here against a good Mexico team, but we did well.
“In the first half we played really well, we just couldn't quite get the goal we needed.
“Apart from that we hung on in the second half, so we are pleased with the result and the performance.
“The future of Wales is very bright and there are a lot of exciting young players coming through.
“Playing a lot of them in this game and in this sort of atmosphere will only give them that bit more confidence now going into the future.”
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have taken several narcotics off the streets in a large drug bust at two Miami Beach apartments.
A large police presence could be seen in the 6400 block of Collins Avenue, Monday night.
Two units inside an apartment complex, according to police, has been serving as a place to buy and sell drugs.
Officials said these kinds of transactions have been happening for months.
Those who live in the area said drug transactions could be happening in more than two units.
This is one of three different locations that Miami Police are working on. Another location is up the street from this location.
“Here's the culmination of a four-month long investigation where our narcotics undercover detectives from our Miami Beach Police Department street crimes unit have made multiple narcotics purchases from an individual,” said Miami Beach Police Capt. Daniel Morgalo. “At the moment, we're executing a search warrant at three different locations pursuant to that investigation.”
News: MBPD detectives just served 3 search warrants (narcotics related) near the 6400blk of Collins Avenue. This is the result of a 3 month long investigation. The goal: Keep our streets safe & drug free. pic.twitter.com/Eu0edrqM3C — Miami Beach Police (@MiamiBeachPD) April 24, 2018
Police said the drug dealer has been detained along with four other people. They are currently being interviewed by police.
Undercover detectives wearing masks and K9 units could be seen canvassing the area. Some detectives could also be seen walking out of the units with bags of evidence.
.@MiamiBeachPD detectives working to keep our streets safe and drug free. @wsvn https://t.co/rxWVcdyQuY — Ernesto Rodriguez (@ERodriguez782) April 24, 2018
Police said the bust is the result of a tip they received months ago.
According to officials, neighbors have complained about the selling and buying at the location.
“There's a lot of methodical planning that goes into conducting these investigations and in executing an operation like this, which is very dynamic, where we needed to control three different locations at the same time,” Morgalo said.
Police also raided a barbershop a couple of blocks down from the apartment, at 6634 Collins Avenue. Officials believe the ATM inside the business has evidence of drug money.
Locksmiths were seen inside, unbolting the machine from the ground.
Miami Beach Police have seized bags of marijuana, along with stamps of LSD, cocaine and ecstasy.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FILE - In this March 4, 2018, file photo, Lin-Manuel Miranda arrives at the Oscars at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Miranda won the Webby for public service and social activism for their work raising money for charities including Puerto Rico relief. The Webby Awards, which honor internet excellence, were announced Tuesday, April 24, and will be presented May 14 at a New York ceremony hosted by comedian Amber Ruffin. Photo by Jordan Strauss
Al Mukalla: Iran-backed Al Houthi fighters fortified their positions around Al Khokha Red Sea region in western Yemen as amid an advance by government forces towards the city of Hodeida, days after clearing the town of Mocha of landmines, army commanders and allied media outlets said on Monday.
Brigadier General Abdo Abdullah Majili, Yemen army spokesperson, told Gulf News the rebels who fled Mocha hid inside dense farms in Khokha, planting landmines to obstruct the marching forces.
“The militia that left Mocha are hiding in Khokha, Yakhtel and Abo Zuhrah in Hodeida. They deploy their snipers inside the thick palm trees farms and plant landmines.” Majili said.
Scoring the biggest military victory against Al Houthis in months, government forces under the cover of heavy air strikes by Saudi-led coalition fighter jets earlier this week stormed the town of Mocha in Taiz province, forcing the rebels to flee to the rugged mountains or retreated to their shrinking territory in Hodeida province.
The internationally-recognised government has frequently accused the rebel movement of turning the ancient seaport of Mocha into an entry point for arms and fuel supplies from Iran.
Military experts predict that the rebels will put up stiff fighting as the government forces approach their last major coastal area, Hodeida.
The current push was launched early last month when hundreds of troops fought their way along the west coast taking control of major regions like Dhobab, Al Ameri and Jadeed.
Residents and government loyalists say Saudi-led coalition fighter jets intensified air strikes on Al Houthi military in coastal areas along the Red Sea.
Last week, Yemen president Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi said Operation Golden Arrow will continue until Hodeida is liberated.
Meanwhile, the World Health Organisation in Yemen said on Sunday that more than 8,000 people fled fighting in Mocha and took shelter inside neighbouring Hodeida.
The UN humanitarian body said that the influx of the displaced people put more pressure on the poor health facilities in the province.
“New arrivals to Hodeida are overwhelming already weakened health facilities and overburdening vulnerable host communities. Many displaced families are hosted in cramped accommodation, while others are living in empty buildings and open spaces. As a result of limited health services in their areas of origin, newly displaced persons are now increasingly prone to upper respiratory tract infections, skin diseases, eye infections and pneumonia,” WHO's office in Yemen said in a statement.
Dakar – Gunmen attacked a UN peacekeeping base in Mali's northern city of Timbuktu on Monday, the peacekeeping mission said, adding that it had deployed a rapid response force with helicopters to the scene.
“An attack has been launched against one of our camps in Timbuktu (by) unknown men with machine guns,” Radhia Achouri, a spokesperson for the UN peacekeeping mission, said by telephone.
“Sporadic gunfire was continuing, they said.
NAN reports that on June 1, several French soldiers were wounded, one of them seriously, when a military compound in the northern Malian city of Timbuktu came under attack by mortar fire.
The Timbuktu compound houses soldiers from the UN mission, the Malian army and France's Operation Barkhane.
Several mortar shells were fired into the base but only one exploded near the French soliders, said Anthony Fouchard, FRANCE 24's Mali correspondent. S
oldiers immediately deployed to pursue the assailants.
Security sources initially said that between five and seven troops were wounded. Swedish defense forces later told AP that four soldiers “from another nation” had been wounded.
The soldier who was seriously wounded is undergoing surgery at the scene while arrangements are being made for a medical evacuation.
France launched operations in Mali in January 2013 to drive out al Qaeda-linked militants who seized much of the north of the country the year before.
It has since deployed more than 4,500 soldiers across the Sahel region to hunt down Islamist militants.
The UN later deployed a peacekeeping force of more than 11,000 troops to the struggling West African state.(Reuters/NAN)
Senate President Pro Tem Brent Hill says all stakeholders have reached an agreement regarding flood control releases from reservoirs in the Boise River system.
“I am sorry to have to tell you about the special session, but very grateful for the finalization of an agreement on this important issue,” Hill, R-Rexburg, said in an email sent to state senators.
Since 2013, Treasure Valley irrigators and state officials have been caught up in a lengthy legal clash over how much water users are entitled to during snow-heavy years when reservoirs tend to be full and thus water must be released in the early spring to maintain enough space for snow runoff and manage river flows. It's a delicate balance in ensuring enough water is sent downstream that leaves enough left over for irrigation, recreation and other uses during the hotter months.
According to the Treasure Valley Water Users Association, the state is wrongly counting water released for flood-control purposes against how many irrigators can use for irrigation. The fear is that these releases begin too early, where fields and canals are still under snow and too wet to be managed, and then leave irrigators without enough water when temperatures heat up.
Meanwhile, the state counters that since 1986 — when the Idaho Department of Water Resources first began using this method — irrigators have always gotten their full amount of water owed to them except for one year.
After years of fighting in court, talks began earlier this year to pursue a settlement that would side-step an ending where the Idaho Supreme Court would be forced to potentially upend decades of how the state allocates its water.
The first step, however, is passing key legislation in a special session, said House Speaker Scott Bedke, R-Oakley, who has helped oversee some of the state's biggest water fights over the years.
The draft legislation, which will first be reviewed by a legislative interim resource committee on June 6, would change state law to state that any new attempts to store water cannot interfere with already existing reservoir storage.
“This will give water users the assurance that in above water years, these flood operations do not inhibit their ability to have a full allotment of water,” Bedke said in a phone interview on Wednesday. “Big water years are a good problem to have most of the time. It just speaks to the additional coordination needed to make sure everyone gets their full allotment.”
The legislation on its own isn't the entire settlement, but it's a good start to ensuring the agreement can be signed off by all stakeholders, said Roger Batt, executive director of Treasure Valley Water Users Association.
“We applaud the speaker and other legislators in securing this first step,” Batt said. “When you have a settlement approved by a judge, your water right has been decreed. Legislation can be overturned.”
After the June 6 meeting, the goal would be to have a short one-day special session before the state's highest court hears arguments surrounding the Treasure Valley case on June 20, Bedke said.
Only a governor can call for a special session of the Idaho Legislature. A total of 28 have been called since Idaho became a state in 1890, with the last special session being held in 2015 to address foster care.
Otter's spokesperson did not immediately return a request for comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Toys R Us customers are being offered a discount by retailer Smyths Toys.
The toy chain, with stores in Birmingham, are offering a saving to regular Toys R Us shoppers.
Smyths says, if people handed in their Toys R Us gold cards to them, they would get 20% off at the till.
All customers need to do is hand in their now defunct Gold (or Platinum) loyalty card, and they'll get 20% off at the till, the Mirror Online reports.
But you need to be quick.
The Liverpool Echo originally spotted the Smyths offer on the ever savvy 'Extreme Couponing and Bargain Hunters UK' Facebook page, where someone has posted a picture of a poster in store.
The Facebook post has garnered a lot of attention online from excited shoppers, although a few people are mentioning the fact that the offer may be a bit sour for the current climate.
For example, one user named Cesca Meaney said that Smyths are "rubbing salt in the wound", although that apparently won't stop them from still picking up a bargain at the affordable toy retailer.
This means you can save a whopping £50 on the Lego Joker Manor House, which retails for £249.99, or £2 off L.O.L Surprise! Pets, usually £9.99.
Pre-order now available for LOL Surprise Pearl, the next big must-have for children
According to the poster, the offer is set to end on the 31st March, so you still have plenty of time to pick up a bargain, although there's no word on whether the same deal will be available across the country, so it may be worth giving your local a ring to check before you head out.
While the discount will be automatically applied at the till when you show your card, sadly it doesn't include video games and consoles.
As far as we can see from the Facebook comments, the same discount will also work on Toys "R" Us' Platinum cards - all you need to do is show it in store.
Everything must go at Toys R Us as the stores around Birmingham prepare to close.
And the bargains keep getting bigger, in size as well as discounts!
There are now ‘Manager's Specials' discounts on toys and nursery products including a large range of outdoor toys at bargain prices.
With the Easter holidays looming and summer in the not-too-distant future, it's giving you the chance to pick up wooden playhouses, trampolines, bikes and ride-on cars for a fraction of their original price.
New stock is continuing to arrive at the Oldbury and Merry Hill stores as warehouses are emptied.
Toys R Us in Birmingham has now closed.
Check out the Toys R Us deals here
Here are some of the best bargains
TP Toys Summer Lodge
Was £169.99 Now £109.99 (35 per cent off)
This wooden playhouse has two perspex windows, a full height door and feature balcony area, which can be decorated in any way you want to make it your own.
Stats 10ft Trampoline and Enclosure
Was £119.99 Now £79.99 (33 per cent off)
This trampoline features plenty of space for jumping and a zipped, net enclosure for safety. Said to be good for improving children's co-ordination, balance and strength.
18” Avigo Recon BMX Bike
Was £79.99 Now £49.99 (37 per cent off)
Complete with V system brakes and alloy rims, this Recon BMX bike is ideal for the journey to school, outings with friends or even the local skate park.
6V Porsche Macan Cara
Was £179.99 Now £119.99 (33 per cent off)
This battery-operated ride-on car can cruise at speeds up to 2.5 mph and features working LED headlights, chrome wheels and horn and engine sounds.
Nerf N-Strike Elite AccuStrike RaptorStrike Blaster
Was £59.99 Now £34.99 (40 per cent off)
This bolt-action blaster comes with an extendable bipod to stabilise shots, plus two six-dart clips and 18 darts to ensure battlers are well-stocked.
These discounts are available in larger Toys R Us stores while stocks last.
Other top toy deals include:
PJ Masks Dress Upset was £24.99, now £14.99
LEGO Batman Arkham Asylum was £139.99, now £99.99
Hot Wheels SUPER 6-IN-1 racetrack was £59.99, now £34.99
Power Rangers Ninja Steele Gold Morpher was £34.99, now £19.99
Find your nearest Toys R Us store here
• To keep updated on shopping news, follow our What's On and Brummie Mummies Facebook pages.
Footwear firm Clarks has sparked a sexism row after naming a girls' shoe range Dolly Babe and a boys' line Leader.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was among those to criticise the well-known company, which has apologised for any offence caused.
It is almost beyond belief that in 2017 a major company could think this is in any way acceptable. Shows what we are still up against. https://t.co/3C7Nop8o1E — Nicola Sturgeon (@NicolaSturgeon) August 13, 2017
The Dolly Babe range, featuring a heart print detail, has been withdrawn from the website and the firm said it is removing the name from in-store products.
The Leader footwear, which carries a football image, remains on sale online in the boys' school shoes section.
Laura Waddell, a publishing manager at HarperCollins, tweeted: “Clarks have named range of girls' school shoes ‘Dolly Babe' while the boys' equivalent is called ‘Leader'. Out of touch, sexist & insulting.”
Returned my daughters yesterday after noticing the name on the box. Expect better @clarksshoes — Nick Cunningham (@R1verRat) August 13, 2017
Returned my daughters yesterday after noticing the name on the box. Expect better @clarksshoes — Nick Cunningham (@R1verRat) August 13, 2017
But replying to Ms Sturgeon, a Twitter user by the name of Tod said: “My daughter went though all phases from dolly babe to goth. It's called choice & made no difference to their self esteem/worth.”
Clarks released a statement saying the Dolly Babe range is “an old and discontinued line, with only remaining stock being sold through our stores”.
The footwear giant apologised for any offence caused (JohnLewis.com/PA)
It said it had removed the shoe from sale online “following customer feedback regarding the name” and added it is currently working to remove the name from remaining in-store stock.
It added: “We are working hard to ensure our ranges reflect our gender neutral ethos and we apologise for any unintended offence caused.”
Meetings Master Classes 2018 Webinar Series Session 1 - Don't Make a $23 Million Mistake: What You Need to Know About GDPR
Dec 11, 2017
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom are ready to battle Aston Villa and Bristol City for the signature of David McGoldrick, according to reports.
McGoldrick, 30, is a Republic of Ireland international who has left Ipswich Town upon the expiry of their contract this summer.
The forward had been at Portman Road for the last five years and has also previously had spells with Southampton, Nottingham Forest and Coventry City.
Albion kick-started their summer of spending with the capture of Manchester United goalkeeper Sam Johnstone on Monday, are supposedly keen on McGoldrick, who is available on a free transfer.
Neighbours Villa and Lee Johnson's Bristol City have also been credited with an interest.
McGoldrick averages roughly one goal every four matches in their playing career.
Darren Moore claimed that the signing of Johnstone was a “sign of things to come” - while Ben Foster is nearing the exit door and Craig Dawson likely to press harder for a move to Burnley, the Baggies will equally step up their efforts for reinforcements before the curtain raiser with Bolton at the beginning of August.
Interest still circulates in forward pair Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon, while Nacer Chadli's winner for Belgium in their knock-out stage win over Japan at the World Cup has also led to suggestions that they have suitors in Turkey.
Fans react
West Bromwich Albion supporters this evening offered a generally positive reaction to the news that Sam Johnstone had become Darren Moore's first capture.
Johnstone, 25, has moved to The Hawthorns from Manchester United on a four-year deal and comes with plenty of previous Championship experience having enjoyed spells at Preston and more recently Aston Villa.
The stopper's arrival has paved the way for existing number one Ben Foster to make their move away from The Hawthorns, with Watford the likeliest destination.
It would bring to an end a seven-year association with the Baggies and, after the exit too of Boaz Myhill, it'll be all change between the sticks under Moore.
Johnstone's entrance kick-starts the club's transfer business ahead of what is expected to be a very busy month.
Here is what the fans have been saying.
'This hurts' Aston Villa fans react to the news Sam Johnstone has joined West Brom
Paul Harris: We've had to wait a while, but really impressed with the Johnstone signing, exactly the right age plus experience to hit the ground running in a very tough division next year. Let's just hope this is the start to a busy July and this is the first of a few to come!
Joe Crabb: Don't know what #AVFC fans are complaining about. Players go on loan to small clubs in the hope that they impress a big club to come and sign him!
Stig's Baggie Cousin: #wba have paid upwards of 6mil for a goalie. That's a sign of intent as far as I'm concerned.
Kieran Corbett: Johnstone is a good signing, realistically we would have had to replace foster probably next season anyway, and Johnstone is a good keeper
Iain Bate: Great signing for the Baggies. Be happy is this is the sign of things to come #wba
Anthony Curtis: Very happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone, especially as it took my mind off Colombia for 5 minute
Jake: Buzzing that we have finally signed someone and a very good goalkeeper #wba
Jason Wheeler: Sam Johnstone should be the template for the type of players we bring in a talented young keeper who's only going to get better and will want to play we're ultimately the club want to be the premier league & achieve that as one
What's been said
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling them from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
poll loading Albion fans - are you happy with the signing of Sam Johnstone? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yeah, buzzing Nah, not really
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper they can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had them targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have them on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
WHAT JOHNSTONE SAYS
"I'm happy to be here. I've spoken to a lot of people about the club and heard nothing but good things.
"It's good to get through the door. I've played Championship games and won a promotion from League One with Preston but always seemed to end back at Manchester United or going somewhere else.
"Now it's time to settle down and take my game up to the next level which I believe I can do here."
By Dayo Adesulu
GOING by the rising cases of suicide among students in our society, experts have disclosed practical steps victims, teachers and parents can adopt to either reduce the trend or eradicate it.
With suicide cases growing in leaps and bounds, the questions begging for answers are: What problem or challenges could make one take his/her own life? Why the increase in the rate of suicide in recent times? Could it be because of the hardship or depression occasioned by the economic recession? Are governments and Nigerians doing enough to curb the menace? Could the actions be traced to intentional, psychological or induced by unseen external forces?
While reacting to the above questions, Dr. Deji Osasona, a medical doctor, neuro psychologist and life coach who spoke in Lagos during a workshop on Suicide among youths held to commemorate the UN's International Day of Families said if signs of suicide are detected in time, suicide rate will drastically reduce.
Social acceptance
They classified teenage suicide into four categories, noting that the first category is caused by undue or unnecessary academic pressure by teachers and parents. According to him, it is okay for your child not to be academically intelligent if they do not score excellent marks, adding that as long as they can manage to scale through, you should let go. Undue or unnecessary academic pressure can lead to thoughts of suicide.
Peer pressure, they noted, is another cause of suicide among teenagers. While noting that peer pressure can come in form of sexual issues, socialisation or social acceptance, they added, “It can even come in form of class, the segregation against one another, intimidation or bullying.”
Financial pressure is an issue that often leads to suicide among teenagers. They said teenagers do have their own financial pressure, adding that sometimes they even think of whether they will be able to survive poverty in future. Religious pressure is one of the strong reasons teenagers end up dying. They said, “I call it cultural pressure, the combination of religion and culture whereby some religious philosophies try to force down the throat of these teenagers the prevailing dynamics of our society. Thus, instead of giving them the right attention, they resort to praying for the victim.
“However, there is a level of genetic contribution to this, especially if a family has a history of mental health challenges either from parents, grandparents or great grandparents. Then there are other associated background factors that can worsen or induce depression spiraling down to suicide. For example, substance abuse.
If teenagers engage in substance abuse at the time when they are just emotionally reacting to life, when their reasoning and judgement centre of the brain are yet to fully develop, if they are not adept at handling emotion or processing information or changing their interpretation about situations; that can trigger negative feelings or emotions for them.
“The tendency is for them to start seeking for escape route from the unwanted feelings. One of the commonest escape routes in our society is substances and drugs. That is why I dare say we are having an epidemic of substances abuse in our society today and it does not exclude the teenagers – both male and female.”
They posited that every suicide is an accumulated event, adding that it is not a one-off thing or a sudden thing. According to him, a process of thought must have been ensuing in the mind of that victim and the victim must have been showing some signs that were neglected or not noticed by the parents, guardian, siblings, teacher or people around them.
Following the global standard of what we call Mental Health First Aid – the first assistance that can be rendered to someone having mental challenge, they said, is that everybody should learn it and have it at the tips of their fingers. Their words: “We use the model called ALGEE. The first ‘A' is Assess for any risk of suicide or harmful behaviour. Every parent or teacher must be able to assess the risk of suicide or harmful behaviour. There are a lot of them. For example, someone who is socially withdrawing from people they used to hang out with or what they use to find pleasure in doing, beginning to go against rules, engaging in dissenting behaviour even at the detriment of their life, engages in risky activities.
“Someone that is looking for access to means of committing suicide or someone that is having expectation of disaster happening to him. Expecting a ceiling or the roof of the house to collapse on them and just ending it all. Or someone that is having a lot of marks on their or their body as a result of attempted suicide. When there is a feeling of hopelessness or worthlessness, those are the things to look out for. Those are signs of risks that everybody should be able to assess in teenagers.
“The ‘L' is listening non-judgmentally. We are quick to condemn in this part of the world as a result of religious or cultural beliefs. We must learn to listen. Listening is a skill, it is different from hearing. Hear them out first, listen to what they are saying and listen to what they are not saying. Don't condemn regardless of the behaviour they are exhibiting as every behaviour is an adaptation. There is really no wrong or right behaviour. Listen to them without judging, this will create a bonding, a rapport between you and them to enable them open up to you and tell you things that you did not even envisage in your wildest imagination.
“The ‘G' is to give reassurance. Everybody needs assurance or reassurance but don't give an empty reassurance or fictitious reassurance. Reassurance is to identify the strength of that person. Identify the strength of a teenager who is feeling useless or worthless because of what the parent or the teacher said. It could be in music or sports, keep saying it to that person to create an avenue for that person to start practising the strength and teach them to affirm each day.
“The ‘E' is to ensure support for them. Your support can be just loving them. Your presence in their lives, your attention, the informational support you give will help them to handle their feelings. read up on how to handle feelings and give them information but we must ensure support.
“The fifth step is ‘E'. Encouraging professional help. This is where I am going to sound a lot of warning to Nigerians. We are quick to take those with mental illness to one prophet, pastor or imam thinking it is a spiritual possession or demonic possession. I am not against all those things but I need to say that when a victim gets to the level of suicidal attempt or major depression in clinical diagnosis, at that level, it is not about quoting scriptures because at that point, the person is having a biochemical and structural imbalance in their or their brain.
“The person needs professional help in the hand of a doctor or a psychiatrist or a psychotherapist and there are a lot of centres available, the teaching hospitals, the general hospitals are there, they will know who to refer you to.”
Meanwhile, the Founder of Save Our Women and Girls (SOW&G) Foundation, Amb. Unyime-Ivy King lamented teenage suicide, stressing that as UN Ambassador of Peace, they decided to put the event together when they looked at the trend of suicide among teenagers. They explained that because suicide is traumatic for the family, they decided to bring up discussions on this to drive the conversation among people to save lives.
They said, “Young people who are on social media prematurely don't understand that a lot of things that people post there are not real. A teenager who took a photograph in front of a car and posted on social media; to another youth, it means that they own the car. Unknown to them that the car belongs to another man. It could make the youth feel their mates have gone ahead of them and think suicide is the solution.
Teenagers who are not doing well in school can commit suicide if their parents put pressure on them by comparing them to other students academically. “My child must be number one in class, my child must have 100 per cent and all that, can lead the child to suicide. Parents, be careful! Who knows what led to the suicide committed last year by a 500-level Urban and Regional Planning undergraduate of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology, LAUTECH, Ogbomosho, Adesoji Adediran? They hanged themselves in their hostel room.
In January this year, a 19-year-old student of Babcock University in Ilishan-Remo, Ogun State, Verishima Unokyur, committed suicide in their parents' home in Mafoluku area of Oshodi, Lagos. Also, in August last year, a manager with a commercial bank, Olisa Nwokobi, shot themselves in Lagos. It was revealed that the 44-year-old bank manager and graduate of Abia State University, Uturu, killed themselves because they were under pressure from their bank over loan repayment.
You will also recall that last year, a 35-year-old medical doctor, Allwell Orji, jumped into the Lagos Lagoon on the Third Mainland Bridge and died. Parents, teachers, colleagues, friends and family members should look out for the signs asupervisorstioned in people and take those measures to help them.
State Rep. Jonathan Carroll to host back-to-work seminar in Wheeling
hello
State Rep. Jonathan Carroll will host a back-to-work seminar Monday, Dec. 18, at the Indian Trails Public Library for those beginning second careers, looking to re-enter the workforce or searching for a new job.
During the seminar, a career coach will discuss becoming more knowledgeable about an industry or company, wearing proper business attire, gaining confidence during a job search or interview and managing one's time during the job search. Jobseekers are encouraged to bring resumes.
The free event is scheduled from 6 to 7:30 p.m. at 355 Schoenbeck Road in Wheeling.
In this Feb. 6, 2017, photo, a Chinese national flag flutters against the HNA Group office building in Beijing. Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which operates Hainan Airlines and other businesses around the world, says its co-chairperson has died on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, while on a business trip to France. Andy Wong AP Photo
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - Officials were dispatched to the scene of a reported shooting in Miami Gardens, Friday night.
Police and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue crews responded to the scene along the 15000 block of Northwest 32nd Place, just before 7 p.m.
Officials said the victim was transported to Aventura Hospital.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Concerned citizens forced open a parked car with a three-month-old baby inside, saving the child from the hot interior, San Diego police said.
The child was inside a hot car on the 2100 block of Coronado Avenue in San Diego's Nestor neighborhood, at the South Bay Drive-In Theatre and Swap Meet. The location is just south of Palm Avenue and west of Interstate 5.
Citizens noticed the child in the car and forced entry, police said. The child was examined by paramedics and was not harmed.
When police arrived, they interviewed the mother, SDPD Sgt. Tansey said.
The mother was not arrested.
A reporter was sent to Child Protective Services (CPS).
The agency later released custody of the child to the mother.
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
No further information was available.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over their own future at Anfield - their contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep them on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” they said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with them and it is all good so far apart from they haven't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Suspect playing surface?
Jurgen Klopp blamed their side's draw with West Brom on the “dry” Hawthorns pitch and described Albion's comeback as “useless” and a “waste of points”.
Liverpool were two up with only 11 minutes left, but contrived to blow their lead and allowed Albion to rescue a point.
It's fair to say the Liverpool boss was not best pleased with the result or the playing surface.
In an astonishing attack the German said: “The pitch got drier and drier and it is not in favour, or an advantage, for the football-playing side.
“You could see that especially for the big chance for Danny Ings. It makes life a bit more difficult.
“I don't feel that that point will help West Brom massively. It feels like a complete waste of points, they don't need it, we would have needed it.
“They are all happy now, we are not happy. We stay in the league, they don't stay in the league. It's kind of a strange situation. A useless comeback.
“I am a big football fan. You have to to do everything to create the best circumstances for all the boys to deliver.
“You let the home team decide if they water the pitch or not – it's not only football. It's also dangerous for injuries if the pitch is really dry.”
Klopp also accused West Brom of playing ugly and relying too much on set-pieces.
“If you make it only that set-pieces are allowed in the Premier League, then West Brom for sure would not go to the Championship,” they said.
“They are really good in that.
“We defended it quite well over 75 minutes. It was pretty much the only situations they had.”
Riverbed appoints new Regional Vice President for ASEAN
Benny Lim will be responsible for driving the company's aggressive growth and expansion strategy across the region.
Application performance company Riverbed Technology has appointed Benny Lim as its Regional Vice President, ASEAN.
Based in Singapore, Lim will be responsible for driving the company's aggressive growth and expansion strategy across the region, Riverbed said in a press statement on 9 February 2017.
Lim brings to the role more than 20 years of experience in the information and communications technology (ICT) sector across Enterprise and Service Provider markets. They have served as Regional Director for Asia (Hong Kong, ASEAN, Taiwan) at Fluke Networks.
The adoption of cloud services and ever-increasing mobility of end-users in ASEAN are reshaping business and enterprise information technology (IT) in the region. This drives a fundamental shift in how organisations manage the performance of applications and networks, as well as how they ensure a great experience for their users.
"Riverbed is at the forefront of this change, reimagining the distributed network so that it is application-centric, agile and software-defined," said Lim. "With this shift, we are empowering organisations with greater agility, visibility and performance of their rapidly evolving, highly complex and hybrid IT environments."
1
Cubs come home, feast on last-place Reds
hello
Chicago Cubs' Anthony Rizzo watches their home run off Cincinnati Reds' Asher Wojciechowski during the fourth inning Monday at Wrigley Field. Associated Press
The time has come for the Cubs to fatten up.
A team that has flirted with mediocrity all season long now enters a stretch of 13 games against teams that occupy last place in their respective divisions.
Manager Joe Maddon won't count those bales of hay before they're secured.
"You've got to attempt to make hay while you can, absolutely," they said before Monday's series opener against the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.
"But I've done it for a while now, and you just can't look at a group and say, 'They're not that good, and we're just going to beat up on them. We're just going to show up and throw our gloves out.' What a bad method that is."
The Cubs jumped out to a 2-0 lead in the first inning, and after the Reds tied it against a laboring Jose Quintana in the second, a 5-run fourth gave the Cubs a 7-2 lead. Highlighting the inning were back-to- back homers by Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo.
The Cubs went on to win 15-5.
The Cubs entered the night 1 game ahead of the St. Louis Cardinals in the National League Central. With games upcoming against the Blue Jays, the Reds in Cincinnati and the Phillies in Philadelphia, this would be a perfect time for the Cubs to make their move.
"We haven't been able to pull away from .500 and get to a place where I think we're all more comfortable," said general manager Jed Hoyer. "I think that as a result, the Cardinals had a hot streak and got back in the race.
"The Pirates had a similar hot streak before the all-star break and then right after the all-star break. The Brewers had a great first half. I think when you're hovering around .500, which we are, everyone's in the race.
"Everyone's one hot streak away from being right there. We just have to hope that we start being consistent. You want to rattle off a lot of series wins and really get away from .500 by a significant amount because until we do that there's obviously no way to pull away from the pack."
The Cubs have been inconsistent all season. They've looked listless at times, and the stellar defense they played all of last season on the way to a World Series title hasn't always shown up this season.
For that, Hoyer would not blame Maddon.
"I think that collectively, top to bottom, obviously we haven't had the same kind of year as last year or even the year before," the GM said.
"I think that assessment is on everybody. I wouldn't single anything out about Joe that they haven't done, but in general as a group, starting with Theo and me, I think we haven't played as well.
"We haven't been as sharp, and that's something we have to find. But the good thing about baseball is that we still have 46 games left to find it."
• Follow Bruce's Cubs and baseball reports on Twitter @BruceMiles2112.
Damascus, SANA – Five people were martyred and 22 others got injured when terrorists fired a mortar shell on Nahr Aisha neighborhood in Damascus.
A source at Damascus Police Command told SANA on Tuesday that terrorists positioned in southern Damascus fired a mortar shell on a populated street in Nahr Aisha area, claiming the lives of five people and injuring 22 others.
R. Milhem / Hazem Sabbagh
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After the pretty significant set-back at Swansea City on Saturday, Alan Pardew may look to rotate their squad ahead of another particularly busy week.
The trip to Liverpool kicks off a run of seven matches in the space of 24 days; in that period of time we're expected to see the return of Nacer Chadli, James Morrison, Gareth Barry and Craig Dawson - though not just yet.
Chris Brunt made their first appearance at Swansea since September, while Matt Phillips was close to returning and will be in contention at Anfield.
Options are slowly returning, but the new manager will have to make do without a number still on Wednesday.
Where could Pardew change it, then?
Their decision to field all three strikers available to them is yet to bear fruit; that's two pretty average teams, now, that Albion have failed to muster a solitary goal against.
They've struggled to create too many chances; in the absence of namely Chadli and Morrison they currently don't possess that play-maker who can play between the lines, at least not centrally.
It means that Jay Rodriguez and Hal Robson-Kanu, who are both centre forwards in their own right, are expected to be the creators for target man Salomon Rondon.
Liverpool is an entirely different proposition to each of the above, of course.
Albion may be expected to turn up, defend deep and try and nab something on the break, or via a set-piece.
The Reds' frightening pace and goal threat at the top of the field means the Baggies can hardly adopt an all guns blazing approach.
They will need to be more meticulous in the final third, though.
Where could Pardew change things, then, for the midweek trip to Merseyside?
Chris Brunt
Liverpool don't like set-pieces, at least not against Albion, and Brunt has been a thorn in their side in that sense in recent seasons.
In fact, the club's last three goals (from Gareth McAuley, Jonas Olsson and Craig Dawson) have all come from Brunt's corners that tend to cause panic.
Now back fit again, Pardew has spoken of their importance.
“It would be nice for Brunty to be back around the team,” they said recently.
“His delivery from set plays is one of the main reasons West Brom had a great record scoring from those.”
It'd be no great surprise to see the Northern Irishman start on Wednesday.
Matt Phillips
Pardew had suggested Phillips would make the trip to Swansea after hobbling off in the draw with Newcastle and consequently missing the Crystal Palace stalemate.
It means that the Scot will likely be in the squad for the trip north.
It was about this time last season that Phillips was on fire; the winger was providing goals and assists pretty much every week.
While Oliver Burke still finds their feet in the Premier League, Phillips remains the paciest player in the final third for Albion.
Proven to go about about their defensive duties aptly (he'd be expected to double up on Sadio Mane, for example) there's a strong case to be made for Phillips to return, should they be deemed fit.
Grzegorz Krychowiak
Krychowiak hasn't started for Albion since the 4-0 defeat to Chelsea in Tony Pulis' last game - and even then they were hooked at half-time after a woeful display.
He's seen Sam Field and even Claudio Yacob overtake them in terms of game-time in recent weeks, but under Pardew they really ought to be staking a claim for a place in the starting XI.
With Gareth Barry out, is it time to give Jake Livermore or young Field a breather?
Wing wonders
Pardew's record at Anfield with Palace says much about the importance of fielding wingers that can hurt the Reds' brittle defence.
Though only in charge of the Eagles away at Jurgen Klopp's side on two occasions, those two visits bore six points and five goals.
Three of those strikes came from Wilfried Zaha, Yannick Bolasie and Jason Puncheon.
Clearly Pardew doesn't quite have as much pace and trickery at their disposal currently, but by utilising the wide men they do have available, there may be an opportunity to hurt the hosts.
Our XI - if Phillips is fit
Pick YOUR team below - and share it on Twitter...
The Military Order of the Purple Heart, USA designated Hancock County a Purple Heart community today Purple Heart Recipients Honored In Hancock County The Military Order of the Purple Heart, USA designated Hancock County a Purple Heart community today
Fifth Third Bank brought their eBus to Findlay to discuss finances. eBus Fifth Third Bank brought their eBus to Findlay to discuss finances.
read more » Blanchard River Watershed Partnership held a demonstration on the Sand Wand, a device made by Stream Streamside read more » Blanchard River Watershed Partnership held a demonstration on the Sand Wand, a device made by Stream
Fallen Police Officers in the area were honored at a memorial service Monday evening. police memorial Fallen Police Officers in the area were honored at a memorial service Monday evening.
read more » German officials and the founder of Mitec Automotive met with Findlay leaders Tuesday. Minister Pres Mitec Automotive Poised For Future Growth In Findlay read more » German officials and the founder of Mitec Automotive met with Findlay leaders Tuesday. Minister Pres
read more » Life Flight offered Training to local firefighters on how to properly handle landing zone operations Life Flight read more » Life Flight offered Training to local firefighters on how to properly handle landing zone operations
read more » The Hancock County Opiate Task Force offered free community Naloxone training to combat opioid overd Naloxone read more » The Hancock County Opiate Task Force offered free community Naloxone training to combat opioid overd
ODOT and the Ohio State Highway Patrol want you to drive cautiously in the construction zones. Construction Zone Safety ODOT and the Ohio State Highway Patrol want you to drive cautiously in the construction zones.
read more » A Town Hall meeting was held so that residents of Hancock County could talk about what they think ne Opioid meeting read more » A Town Hall meeting was held so that residents of Hancock County could talk about what they think ne
read more » Bluffton University President Dr. James Harder talked about the memorial service for the 2007 Blufft Bluffton Memorial read more » Bluffton University President Dr. James Harder talked about the memorial service for the 2007 Blufft
read more » Hancock County EMA Director Lee Swisher shows us how the "I Am Responding" app is helping Mobile Phone App Aiding Hancock County Volunteer Fire Departments read more » Hancock County EMA Director Lee Swisher shows us how the "I Am Responding" app is helping
Mike Engbert talks to us about why labor unions are upset with the project. Labor Unions Protest Marathon Pipeline Project Near Kenton Mike Engbert talks to us about why labor unions are upset with the project.
read more » Cass Township Trustee Jerry Wolford talks to us about problems they've been having at the townsh Cass Township Trustees Discuss Issues With Recycling Area read more » Cass Township Trustee Jerry Wolford talks to us about problems they've been having at the townsh
read more » Sheriff Mike Heldman tells us why more money needs to be set aside for inmate housing through at lea Additional Money Needed To House Hancock County Jail Inmates In Other Counties read more » Sheriff Mike Heldman tells us why more money needs to be set aside for inmate housing through at lea
Lydia Mihalik discusses what a pavement study for the city encompasses... Findlay Mayor Lydia Mihalik Talks About Pavement Assessment Lydia Mihalik discusses what a pavement study for the city encompasses...
read more » Cooper Tire & Rubber wants local 8th graders to learn more about what manufacturing jobs look like i Manufacturing Days At Cooper Tire read more » Cooper Tire & Rubber wants local 8th graders to learn more about what manufacturing jobs look like i
read more » Several dignitaries and local veterans were on hand to dedicate the water tower on Findlay's nor Water Tower Dedicated to Area Veterans read more » Several dignitaries and local veterans were on hand to dedicate the water tower on Findlay's nor
read more » Community members and law enforcement officials got together Tuesday for National Night Out festivit National Night Out In Findlay read more » Community members and law enforcement officials got together Tuesday for National Night Out festivit
read more » The wives of two Hancock County sheriff's deputies organize an effort to show appreciation to lo Back the Blue in Findlay read more » The wives of two Hancock County sheriff's deputies organize an effort to show appreciation to lo
A sneak preview at what will be featured at the 2016 Findlay Military Show. 2016 Findlay Military Show A sneak preview at what will be featured at the 2016 Findlay Military Show.
read more » 4th Grade students from Chamberlain Hill Elementary spend a day at the Hancock Historical Museum lea Students Learn About Government And Voting read more » 4th Grade students from Chamberlain Hill Elementary spend a day at the Hancock Historical Museum lea
A partial train derailment happened this morning in Fostoria. Doug Jenkins reported from the scene. Train Derailment in Fostoria A partial train derailment happened this morning in Fostoria. Doug Jenkins reported from the scene.
read more » Hancock County Job & Family Services Director Diana Hoover talks about child abuse and its causes in Child Abuse Prevention month read more » Hancock County Job & Family Services Director Diana Hoover talks about child abuse and its causes in
read more » A new video feature from WFIN Radio. WFIN Originals. Dr. Michael Anders, Professor of Music at The U WFIN Originals: Tribute To Dr. Michael Anders read more » A new video feature from WFIN Radio. WFIN Originals. Dr. Michael Anders, Professor of Music at The U
read more » The University of Findlay held a naturalization ceremony this afternoon to welcome and honor 16 new UF Naturalization Ceremony read more » The University of Findlay held a naturalization ceremony this afternoon to welcome and honor 16 new
This video is private. Private video This video is private. {ytthumb}
BVC Game
read more » The Inspire Kids Event hosted by the Campus Program Board at the University of Findlay. People can s UF Inspires Kids read more » The Inspire Kids Event hosted by the Campus Program Board at the University of Findlay. People can s
read more » A panel on the unknown local stories of immigration was held tonight at Glendale Middle School. The Unknown Stories Of Immigration In Hancock County read more » A panel on the unknown local stories of immigration was held tonight at Glendale Middle School. The
read more » Findlay was recently named the top micropolitan community in the nation by Site Selection Magazine. WFIN Explains: Site Selection Magazine Rankings read more » Findlay was recently named the top micropolitan community in the nation by Site Selection Magazine.
read more » The University of Findlay offered an informational seminar on how Naloxone is used to save people wh Naloxone Seminar At The University Of Findlay read more » The University of Findlay offered an informational seminar on how Naloxone is used to save people wh
read more » Plenty has transpired since a sexual assault was reported on the UF campus in 2014, resulting in the WFIN Timeline: UF Sexual Assault Case read more » Plenty has transpired since a sexual assault was reported on the UF campus in 2014, resulting in the
Your Voice, Your Vote
Hancock County Commissioner Forum. A debate between Brian Robertson and John Harrington. Hancock County Commissioner Forum Hancock County Commissioner Forum. A debate between Brian Robertson and John Harrington.
read more » POLITICAL FORUM FOR 83rd OHIO HOUSE DISTRICT BETWEEN CANDIDATES KEVIN RETTIG AND ROBERT SPRAGUE,8 Fe Political Forum for 83rd Ohio House District read more » POLITICAL FORUM FOR 83rd OHIO HOUSE DISTRICT BETWEEN CANDIDATES KEVIN RETTIG AND ROBERT SPRAGUE,8 Fe
Super Bowl 50 is on February 7th and every football you'll see in the game was made in Ada Ohio. Building Footballs In Ada Super Bowl 50 is on February 7th and every football you'll see in the game was made in Ada Ohio.
read more » Snow plow drivers will be out in force this winter. Here is a look at all the things they are requir An Eye On Snow Plowing read more » Snow plow drivers will be out in force this winter. Here is a look at all the things they are requir
read more » The Marathon Center For Performing Arts in Findlay Ohio opens its doors on Friday December 18th 2015 Marathon Center for Performing Arts Opens read more » The Marathon Center For Performing Arts in Findlay Ohio opens its doors on Friday December 18th 2015
description UF Partners with Cleveland Browns description
read more » The engineering and CAD students at Millstream Career Center recently placed 4th in the nation in a Millstream Robotics Team Places 4th In Nation At Competition. read more » The engineering and CAD students at Millstream Career Center recently placed 4th in the nation in a
read more » Tom Child was just 22-years-old when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. They recently shared their exper Findlay Man Remembers Pearl Harbor read more » Tom Child was just 22-years-old when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. They recently shared their exper
read more » Science is heating up at Findlay Findlay City Schools. Students at Donnell Middle School share what STEM Programs Heat Up At Findlay Schools read more » Science is heating up at Findlay Findlay City Schools. Students at Donnell Middle School share what
read more » 4,600 pounds of chicken was given to Chopin Hall and the West Ohio Food Bank today, just in time for Great Scot Donates To Area Food Pantries read more » 4,600 pounds of chicken was given to Chopin Hall and the West Ohio Food Bank today, just in time for
read more » The tree that will be on display for Christmas at the U.S. Capital building stopped in Findlay, and Capital Christmas Tree In Findlay read more » The tree that will be on display for Christmas at the U.S. Capital building stopped in Findlay, and
read more » The Miracle Field officially broke ground in Findlay Ohio. The field and park will be dedicated and Findlay Miracle Field Breaks Ground read more » The Miracle Field officially broke ground in Findlay Ohio. The field and park will be dedicated and
read more » Ohio School Superintendent Dr. Richard Ross visited Findlay Findlay City Schools. Dr. Ross toured Gl Ohio School Leader Visits Findlay City Schools read more » Ohio School Superintendent Dr. Richard Ross visited Findlay Findlay City Schools. Dr. Ross toured Gl
read more » Chamberlin Hill School in Findlay honored our nations veterans this morning with their annual Vetera Chamberlin Hill School Honors Veterans read more » Chamberlin Hill School in Findlay honored our nations veterans this morning with their annual Vetera
The Hancock County ODOT garage prepares their fleet to battle winter weather. ODOT Winter Prep The Hancock County ODOT garage prepares their fleet to battle winter weather.
Highlights from the 2015 Veterans Day parades in downtown Findlay 2015 Findlay Veterans Day Parade Highlights from the 2015 Veterans Day parades in downtown Findlay
US President Donald Trump declared â€œMission Accomplishedâ€‌ in a tweet after they ordered a missile strike on Syrian facilities believed to be housing chemical agents. More than 100 missiles were reportedly fired at locations near Homs and on the outskirts of Damascus by US and allied forces. This was the largest attack on Syrian government forces by Western powers since the start of the Syrian civil war seven years ago.
The missiles were fired from warplanes from aircraft carriers of the US Navy 6th Fleet in the eastern Mediterranean. Some missiles were launched from submarines, military sources said. French and British planes took part in the raids. Some of those were based in the British sovereign military base at Akrotiri on Cyprus.
The raids were in retaliation for an attack on Douma allegedly by Syrian President Bashar Assadâ€™s forces using chemical agents against a civilian population, killing at least 70 people. Chemical weapons have been banned since the first world war.
If the destruction of their country, the killing of tens of thousands and the displacement of half of Syriaâ€™s population failed to convince Assad to stop the war against their citizens, the bombing of a few sites is highly unlikely do so. It is as though the sides in the Syrian conflict are speaking different languages and have no access to translators.
Other than saving face for the United States and Western Europeans, who keep moving red lines drawn in the sand and feel frustrated by their inability to get anything done concretely in Syria, the allied bombing achieved little.
Trump did exactly what they said they would never do and what they ridiculed their predecessor for: disclosing military aims by announcing withdrawals and redeployments of US forces. Trump announced their intention of pulling out US combat forces from Syria then changed their mind and decided to maintain the current deployment numbers. This seems to have come at the recommendation of French President Emmanuel Macron.
Trump also announced their intention to bomb targets associated with Syriaâ€™s chemical weapons programme but, despite the risk of sending allied pilots into hostile airspace and the cost of about $1.1 million per missile, the allies have little or nothing to show for their troubles. Assad remains at the helm of the Syrian battleship; it may be taking water and listing but it remains afloat.
â€œNothing was accomplished beyond the symbolism of face-saving for those who drew the chemical weapons red lines in the sand,â€‌ said one Middle East expert. The status quo is preserved and Assad still rules with the help of the Russians.
Indeed, Trump wasted no time in claiming that every one of the 100 or so missiles fired by the United States and its allies reached their designated targets. This was denied by Damascus and Moscow, which claim to have shot down about 70% of the missiles.
Trump belittled media organisations that questioned the success of the short campaign, labelling their coverage â€œfake news.â€‌
What exactly was this mission? Was it to bomb suspected targets so the United States and its allies could feel they have achieved something? Is there a policy on Syria? The short answer is, no, there is no policy established by the Trump administration.
Despite its shortcomings, there is hope the mission will prove to be more accomplished than two other US fiascos. In 1982, President Ronald Reagan sent a contingent of US Marines to Beirut to oversee the evacuation of the Palestine Liberation Organisation from a city under siege by the Israelis. Reagan, declaring mission accomplished, pulled the multinational force out of Beirut prematurely. The result was the massacres in the Palestinian refugee camps of Sabra and Shatila.
In 2003, George W. Bush staged a Hollywood-like production, arriving at the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln decked in a military flight suit in the co-pilotâ€™s seat of a Navy S-3 Viking jet and made comments with a large â€œMission Accomplishedâ€‌ banner behind him.
Trump followed in the same overly confident manner armed with no tangible foreign policy on Syria and jumps the gun with their â€œmission accomplished.â€‌
Claude Salhani is the Opinion section editor of The Arab Weekly.
آ© The Arab Weekly
This story is about Published 1h
Will Cowboys DE DeMarcus Lawrence's bet pay off? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Louis DeLuca/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys defensive ends Demarcus Lawrence (90), right, and Taco Charlton (97) work on technique at Dallas Cowboys mandatory minicamp in Frisco, Texas, on Monday, June 12, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By Jori Epstein , Staff writer Contact Jori Epstein on Twitter: @JoriEpstein
Editor's note: This is the 13th in a series of Cowboys player profiles leading up to training camp. To see more profiles, click here. DeMarcus Lawrence Position: DE Size: 6-3, 265 pounds Age when season starts: 26 College: Boise State Drafted: Second round in 2014, 34th overall Experience: Fifth season Contract status: One-year franchise tag worth $17.143 million 2017 stats: Player Position Games started Sacks Tackles Forced fumbles Fumble recoveries QB hurries DeMarcus Lawrence DE 16 14.5 35 4 2 52 2017 recap: DeMarcus Lawrence earned their payday in 2017 when they tied for second-most sacks in the NFL with 14.5. Add four forced fumbles and two fumble recoveries, and Lawrence became the featured contributor on what defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli described this offseason as a "lights out" defense. Lawrence's 768 snaps were the most among defensive linemen in just their second full NFL season, their first starting all 16 games. Advanced analytics site Pro Football Focus graded Lawrence third best in the league among 4-3 defensive ends, their rush coverage graded second best. Only Chargers defensive end Melvin Ingram had more quarterback hurries than Lawrence (53 to Tank's 52). Take a look at some of their best plays, including a legit mash-up of all 14.5 sacks from Bleacher Report's Marcus Mosher:
Nice stunt here from DeMarcus Lawrence and Maliek Collins pic.twitter.com/QCSg9NqNnu — Jon Machota (@jonmachota) September 11, 2017
Demarcus Lawrence: NFC Defensive Player of the Week pic.twitter.com/FORSRs3FGp — Jon Machota (@jonmachota) September 27, 2017
DeMarcus Lawrence vs. Russell Wilson
(NFL Game Pass) pic.twitter.com/t3WF9cCL5E — Jon Machota (@jonmachota) December 26, 2017
Here is every one of #Cowboys DE DeMarcus Lawrence's sacks in 2017: pic.twitter.com/bTb71daoUc — Marcus Mosher (@Marcus_Mosher) June 11, 2018
2018 outlook: Lawrence is betting on themselves in 2018 with the one-year franchise tag as they set their sights on a huge long-term deal next year. The Cowboys prefer the arrangement given Lawrence's history of back injuries. Lawrence knows he'll see more chips and double teams at the line of scrimmage, but they have been working this summer -- and biking to practices! -- to ready themselves on the field and in the film room. Starting at defensive end opposite fellow Boise State alum Tyrone Crawford, Lawrence will hope other Cowboys defensive linemen make splashes early in the season to distract from their talent. Defensive lineman David Irving's four-game suspension to start the season won't help. One thing you can keep an eye out for: Lawrence getting creative on and off the field in their pursuit of success. "I'm not everybody else," they said of their 2018 strategy at OTAs. "I'm just me."
Travellers at sites across Birmingham at Easter
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Birmingham Mail website – www.birminghammail.co.uk – has been shortlisted for Website of the Year in journalism's Oscars, the Regional Press Awards.
The awards, open to every title, website and TV station in the country, celebrate the best journalism in print, online and any other news platform.
Judges were wowed by an entry from birminghammail.co.uk which included our successful appeal to pay for the repatriation and funerals of those killed in the Nechells wall collapse tragedy.
A total of six websites across the country are up for the award sponsored by JTI.
Two Birmingham Mail journalists – News Editor Andy Richards and Investigations Editor Jeanette Oldham – have also been shortlisted for awards, along with our sister newspaper title The Sunday Mercury.
Andy is shortlisted for News Reporter of the Year after impressing judges with the work they have done to help secure justice for families of those killed in the Birmingham pub bombings on the fateful night of November 21, 1974.
The Birmingham Pub Bombings Campaign they have headed is also listed for Campaign of the Year.
It was Andy who discovered the loophole which enabled the inquest to be re-opened on the 21 who were killed in the IRA bombing of The Mulberry Bush and Tavern in the Town.
They realised that the inquest had been opened but was never closed after the wrongful arrest of The Birmingham Six.
After the decision to go ahead with inquests later this year, the Mail has since campaigned for the families to receive funding for legal representation, forcing a change in the law.
Jeanette is up for Specialist Writer of the Year.
Them entries comprised a series of exclusive probes into the troubled Worcestershire Acute Health Trust.
The Sunday Mercury has been shortlisted for Britain's ‘Newspaper of the Year'.
Judges included the Sunday Mercury on a shortlist of six newspapers after being impressed by a portfolio of entries including:
• How chief reporter Mike Lockley travelled to Egypt to rescue Mariam Solimon, the youngster caught in a tug of love tangle.
• How the Mercury exposed fake fakir Syed Shah, who raped vulnerable women in perverted faith healing rituals.
• The story of the remarkable love triangle of sex tape love rat Ashish Thamman – and the decision of their wife to forgive him.
Chairman of judges Paul Horrocks said: “Looking at the entries this year, the judges were incredibly impressed by the standard of campaigning undertaken in the newsrooms of the regional and local press.
“The sheer scale of newspaper teams bringing communities together was a genuine pleasure to see.”
The awards, organised by The Society of Editors, supported by Camelot, will be presented at a ceremony at London's Marriott Grosvenor Square Hotel on Friday, May 19.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe's late introduction at Molienux drew the loudest cheer of the afternoon on a night where Wolves cruised to a 3-0 victory over Sheffield United.
The 24-year-old was introduced on the 77th-minute for Ivan Cavaleiro who had just bagged the third goal of the evening.
Afobe was welcomed onto the pitch by a standing ovation and chants of: ‘Benik Afobe's back home' from the South Bank who sang their name throughout the encounter.
It was almost a dream return for the forward who bagged 23 goals in 44 appearances for Wolves in their first spell at the club.
They latched onto a through ball but shot wide from close range. Luckily for them they were offside.
A second chance came soon after as Wolves caused the ten-men Blades all sorts of problems late on after Simon Moore's dismissal on 76 minutes.
This time Matt Doherty crossed for Afobe who rose high but planted their header inches wide.
The on-loan Bournemouth man looked to be enjoying their time on the pitch and was desperate to get among the goals.
They found time to applaud the home fans as they chanted their name, though, and was the last player to leave the pitch on the final whistle as they were serenaded by their adoring fans.
Report
Wolves wiped the floor with Sheffield United to take another step closer towards promotion back to the Premier League.
Goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro set up a 3-0 win at Molineux to extend their lead at the top to 11 points.
This was no routine victory, though. Wolves really turned on the style.
And talk about getting revenge on the Blades who inflicted a rare defeat on the table-toppers in the reverse fixture earlier this season.
A cheeky nutmeg from Cavaleiro got it all going with less than a minute on the clock.
But it was Neves' curling 25-yard opener that really raised the roof early on.
By the half-hour mark Nuno Espirito Santo's men were home and dry.
A progressive move upfield saw Jota play a delightful one-two with Cavaleiro before firing past Simon Moore.
In many ways the best was still to come as Wolves tore into their wounded opponents with every attack.
The way they dominated the game against a team that looked jaded following the last-minute defeat to Aston Villa in midweek was impressive.
On 76 minutes a long-ball up-field from Neves set Jota free but goalkeeper Simon Moore clattered into them outside the area and was red-carded.
From the resultint set-piece, Cavaleiro stepped up to fire the free-kick home, via a deflection off the wall.
New signing Benik Afobe then replaced the goalscorer and had two chances of their own, the latter a header that flew just inches wide.
And while it wasn't a fairytale return for the 24-year-old, it was a vintage display from the team who now have just 16 games of the season remaining before an inevitable promotion party begins.
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION
(3-4-3)
RUDDY, 6
Didn't have a notable save to make but still commanded their area well and was solid on deliveries intonthe box.
BENNETT, 6.5
Covered their team-mates in times of need and made important blocks and interceptions. Had a little tussle with Clarke in the second half and didn't do too much wrong elsewhere.
COADY, 7
Kept the forwards quiet and generally led by example. Tried a few ambitious passes forward that went astray but they can be forgiven. Made amends for their sending-off at Bramall Lane.
BOLY, 7.5
Cleared up any danger they had to deal with. Looked in control throughout. Also had two decent opportunities with headed efforts from corners.
DOHERTY, 7
Joined in with the attacks and gave Wolves a deadly weapon down the right. Stuck to their defensive tasks when they had to
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N'DIAYE, 7
Marshalled the midfield and got stuck in when they needed to. Powerful and purposeful, they used their fresh legs to wear down the Blades midfield who looked jaded from the midweek fixture.
NEVES, 8.5
Bagged their third goal of the season in stunning style. Also worked hard in defence. Blocked a shot that set up a quick-fire attack and kept the ball moving quickly. Needs to be playing at the highest-level.
DOUGLAS, 7
A dynamic display from the Scot who got forward and joined in with the attacks. Wasted a free-kick by firing into the wall, Was solid defensively, though.
COSTA, 8
Looked back to their best with an accomplished performance up top. Volleyed wide early on, showed good skill and used their pace to cause problems. A threat throughout. Subbed.
CAVALEIRO, 9
Up for it from the off. Cheeky nutmeg got it going then they worked hard throughout. Sublime one-two with Jota for the second goal and never stopped running. Got what they deserved with a goal from a late free-kick.
JOTA, 8
The little magician scored to top off a terrific display. The Blades backline couldn't handle their pace or strength. You just knew they would create an opportunity every time they got forward. Fouled by goalkeeper, Moore, who was sent off for the challenge.
SUBSTITUTES:
BONATINI (for Costa, 65), 7 - Fired wide from close-range with their first touch and looked a threat.
AFOBE (for Cavaleiro, 77), 7 - Given an incredible reception from the home fans. Shot wide and was offside before planting a headed effort inches wide.
GIBBS-WHITE (for Jota, 80), 7 - Showed some nice touches late on as Wolves kept up the pressure
NOT USED:
Norris, Batth, Hause, Gibbs-White, Enobakhare, Afobe.
OPPOSITION
Sheffield United (3-5-2) - Moore, O'Connell, Stearman, Basham (Leonard. 70) Baldock, Fleck, Holmes (Donaldson, 70) Evans, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson (Eastwood, 75) Subs: Lafferty, Lundstram. Duffy, Sharp.
GOALS
Neves (5), Jota (29) - WOLVES
REFEREE:
Darren Bond
ATTENDANCE
29,311
WHO'S NEXT?
QPR (home) Saturday, 3pm)
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Crews from the City and County of San Luis Obispo were called on to help Montecito with a broken water pipe after the deadly mudslides and floods. After arriving, they discovered they had to hike 14 miles in the backcountry, where they discovered two massive breaks. John Diodati, SLO County interim director of Public Works, talks about the hurdles they overcame and shares pictures from the repair efforts.
(WFLA/CNN) — Coffee fans around the world are sharing their excitement for this new caffeine fix on social media.
The British-based creators of CLR CFF say it's the first colorless coffee on the market.
According to the company, the coffee is made from Arabica coffee beans and pure water, and produced by “methods which have never been used before”.
It's unclear what those methods are and a full ingredient list was not released.
But, the company says the transparent coffee will do wonders for your teeth, as the dark color of other coffees tends to stain those pearly whites.
The coffee is available for purchase online, but it isn't cheap.
A two-pack will cost you about $7.50.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
"We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals with a nerve agent known as Novichok, a group of chemical weapons developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Moscow denies the allegation. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
Counter-terrorism teams from London's Metropolitan Police were called in to help local forces in Wiltshire at the time of the Skripal poisoning. On Wednesday, however, Scotland Yard referred media calls to Wiltshire police.
The statement from Wiltshire Police came only a month after police from 40 departments in England and Wales returned home after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that their front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Sergei Skripal, 66, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. They had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 90 miles (145 kilometres) southwest of London, when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter Yulia.
After being found unconscious in the street, the two spent weeks in critical condition at the hospital. Doctors who treated them say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the Skirpals' long-term prognosis is.
The Skripals have been taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
___
Kirka reported from London. Jill Lawless in London contributed to this story.
This story corrects the spelling of Amesbury in the dateline.
By Matt Dunham And Danica Kirka, The Associated Press
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Round five of the 2018 Monster Energy Supercross Championship kicks off today at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum in Oakland, California.
Follow our Racer X Online Instagram account below for photos and videos from throughout the day.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
Welcome to FTW Explains, a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. You may have seen some comments by Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison about what hee thinks of players who sit for the national anthem floating around on Monday and wondered if they're real. We're here to help. Let us explain.
What exactly happened with Harrison?
A post by the site Lockerdome.com — which has since been deleted — attributed this quote to the Steelers vet on Sunday after Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch didn't stand for the national anthem before a preseason game:
“Anyone on my team sits for the anthem, they better be in a wheelchair.”
Did they really say that?
No, they definitely did not.
How do we know that?
They're not printed anywhere other than the site. The folks at Awful Announcing noted that KPLX, the station cited by the post, is a country music radio station in Dallas that didn't say a thing about a Harrison interview. They also found other instances of fake Harrison quotes attributed to them by the same site and writer.
Also, and most importantly, Steelers PR rep Burt Lauten shot down any talk that Harrison said it:
Alleged comments by #Steelers LB @jharrison9292 on social media today regarding any protests are false & should not be used as a reference. — Burt Lauten (@SteelersPRBurt) August 14, 2017
Were people fooled?
Yes, they were! That included former NHLer Jeremy Roenick, who tweeted their take on athletes who sit for the anthem:
Now this is a man I want on my team! Too bad bad we have to sit around and watch disrespectful athletes sit on coolers!! Disgraceful! 👎👎 pic.twitter.com/W8pCsncPQV — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Marshawn you should have stayed retired. — Jeremy Roenick (@Jeremy_Roenick) August 14, 2017
Here are a couple of others who were fooled:
James Harrison "Anyone On My Team Sits For Anthem, They Better Be In A Wheelchair". Let's see who's going to listen to them 😆 pic.twitter.com/nWw6O1vWMA — Righteouscc Radio (@righteous_radio) August 14, 2017
"Anyone on my team sitting for the Anthem better be in a wheelchair. That's the only excuse." – Steelers LB James Harrison#AmericanPride — Ryan Harkness (@Ryan_Harkness12) August 14, 2017
What does Harrison think about all this?
Glad you asked! They shot them down as well on Instagram:
Said it last year & I'll say it again. Fact check before you go running your mouth! Just because it's on social media don't make it true. #fakenews A post shared by James Harrison (@jhharrison92) on Aug 14, 2017 at 11:13am PDT
“Said it last year & I'll say it again. Fact check before you go running your mouth! Just because it's on social media don't make it true.”
Wait, what happened last year?
From the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review in 2016:
A screenshot of a photoshopped tweet pretending to be Harrison's account has been circulating the past two days denouncing any teammate who decided to not stand during the singing of the national anthem. “The fake social media post claiming to be from #Steelers @jharrison9292's Twitter account is NOT legit & does NOT appear in their timeline,” Steelers spokesperson Burt Lauten posted in a tweet Monday before the team opened the season against the Washington Redskins at FedEx Field. The tweet, which was sent Sept. 9, said: “If you are on my team and not standing for Anthem better be because a broken leg or I'm gonna give you one. #EyesonuCK.”
Why does this keep happening to Harrison?
Good question.
Rihanna has a way of hinting new products for their Fenty Beauty cosmetics brand. The popular singer usually wears the products weeks or days before they officially launch. With this being said, Rihanna may have teased exciting new products that will be joining the ranks of their infamous Stunna Lip Paint and Trophy Wife highlighter. Watch the video for all the details we know so far.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Police say a Florida man has died after getting punched by their Uber driver.
A statement Saturday from St. Petersburg Police said 56-year-old Terry Lynn Kimball had died, more than a day after losing consciousness.
According to the police statement, Kimball and the 38-year-old male driver had a dispute over the route the driver was taking Thursday evening.
Police say the driver pulled over at a convenience store, where the men had a physical altercation.
Police say the driver punched Kimball, who was hospitalized with serious brain trauma. They never regained consciousness.
The driver has not been charged. The police statement said the investigation remained open.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's rough in the friendly skies. There have been countless reports of racism on airplanes, from Maxine Waters being stalked while onboard to a Black female doctor being ignored who was trying to help someone in need of medical assistance. However, with this latest incident, the airline may have gotten it right — and it wasn't Delta or United.
According to multiple Spanish media outlets, a 70-year-old man boarded a Binter Canarias flight to La Palma at North Tenerife Airport. Witnesses claimed they made racist comments to the Black flight attendant. El Pais reported that the man said “I don't want blacks around me!” It is not known why they they had this breakdown.
The racist was confronted by the plane's captain, who ordered the man to leave, but they refused. Multiple security guards were called and the man eventually exited the plane without further incident. Watch the video below.
Thankfully, this man was properly handled. Delta and United could learn from Binter Canarias.
SEE ALSO:
Mike Pence, Tim Kaine Miss Opportunity To Confront Racism & Implicit Bias In Policing
United And Delta Support The NRA? Spirit Airlines, Here We Come!
American Airlines Employees To Take Anti-Racism Training After NAACP Issued Travel Advisory
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title.
SIU associate dean aims to grow promotional efforts
hello
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. -- A new associate dean at the Southern Illinois University School of Medicine is looking to expand the school's promotional efforts.
The State Journal-Register reports 46-year-old Dr. Wendi Wills El-Amin is aiming to help future doctors avoid unconscious bias and expand the program so parts of it reach students in the elementary and middle-school grades.
Wills El-Amin began their role as associate dean for equity, diversity and inclusion on Aug. 1. They succeeded 69-year-old Dr. Wesley Robinson McNeese, who helped launched SIU's office of diversity, multicultural and minority affairs in 2001.
Wills El-Amin will also oversee the Physician Pipeline Preparatory Program, which McNeese founded in 2009. The after-school program enrolls local high school students interested in potential careers in medicine. The program provides mentors and exposure to the medical field.
___
Information from: The State Journal-Register, http://www.sj-r.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A daughter who left their housebound elderly mother sitting in the same chair for up to a year before they died has sentenced.
Doreen Shufflebotham, 86, was grossly neglected by their daughter Linda Farr and had not been moved from the chair for up to 12 months before their death.
The OAP died on September 6 in 2016 whilst suffering from a fracture and infection of the femur, a pulmonary embolism, sepsis, deep vein thrombosis and acute bacterial meningitis.
Medical experts later estimated Doreen had not moved from the chair that they were sat in for approximately 8-12 months.
Them daughter was arrested three days later and pleaded guilty on March 12 at Stafford Crown Court to gross negligence manslaughter.
Farr, aged 68 of Cardiff Grove, Stoke-on-Trent, has now been sentenced to 20 months jail, suspended for two years for the offence.
Detective Inspector Dan Ison, from Staffordshire Police , said: “It is very upsetting to hear the extent of negligence in this case.
“Doreen's injuries were incredibly severe and they must have experienced terrible pain in their last few months as they became increasingly ill.
“This was a very traumatic experience for our investigating officers and I would like to praise their professionalism in the face of horrific injuries and conditions.
“I hope this raises awareness to others that appropriate medical advice should always be sought, especially if an elderly person is involved.”
If you are caring for an elderly person, advice on care and support can be found on the NHS website at https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/social-care-and-support/home-care/
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another defeat.
With just one win in ten games, The Birmingham City form continues to worry the fans.
Here we take a look back at last night and what everyone had to say about it.
Report
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Che Adams' first goal in three months was not enough to prevent embattled Birmingham City from slipping to a second away defeat in four days.
The young striker fired home from the edge of the area to draw Blues level early in the second period - after they had been dominated in the opening 45 minutes.
Preston had taken an early lead through Callum Robinson and probably should have been further ahead at half time.
However, any hope Adams' equaliser would be enough to earn at least a point was ended in the closing stages as Jordan Hugill scored a 78th minute winner.
Soon after that captain for the day Craig Gardner was sent off for a second booking to round off another frustrating night.
Full story here
Zola speaks
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Birmingham City boss Gianfranco Zola refused to blame luck for their team's latest defeat.
Blues had overcome a terrible first half to haul themselves back into the game in the second period.
But once again they were caught with a sucker punch as Preston grabbed a winner 12 minutes from time to hand Zola their eighth defeat in 14 games as Blues boss.
And the manager admitted they can't keep claiming misfortune.
"I don't want to talk about unlucky any more, I am fed up with talking about things like that," Zola said.
"There is a reason we keep losing games like this - so we are not unlucky.
"We are - at the moment - very poor, as simple as that. We have got to be honest.
"I am the first person responsible. Results have been no good.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
"I think we have to stop talking as well, we need to just go out there and be more careful.
"We had total control of the game in the second half, we were just waiting to score. They come once and they score - that's disappointing to be honest."
"The players at the moment are very edgy, the confidence is not there and we start like that.
"But the second half was good - again. There was one team that was waiting to concede - then they come down and score. I am very frustrated at the moment.
"Now is the moment that we really stop talking and act a little bit better.
"I am disappointed because we don't work for that - to see a team that plays football they way we did in the second half go down again is really frustrating.
"It's very difficult for me to talk, I shouldn't talk, we don't need to say more, we just need to act a little bit better."
Man of the match
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Brian Dick: Blues MOTM Share this video Watch Next
How we rated the players
Our man at Blues Brian Dick gives their verdict on how Birmingham City's players performed in the 2-1 defeat at Preston :
Starting XI
Kuszczak: 7 - Blues needed their experienced goalkeeper when the dam threatened to burst in the first half.
Nsue: 4 - Over-run at right back as Aidan McGeady and Greg Cunningham exploited the space on the left. Slightly better after break.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Bielik: 5 - Not a pleasant match in which to make your debut - the Blues defence rocked in the first half. Impressively made ten clearances.
Grounds: 5 - Had their hands full for the whole game. If he's to play centre back Blues need a stable man alongside him. Looked comfortable when part of a three.
Preston North End vs Birmingham City LIVE: Craig Gardner sent off; Jordan Hugill and Callum Robinson score for hosts; Che Adams nets for Blues
Keita: 5 - Some nice moments going forward but not assertive enough when defending.
Gardner: 4 - The captain was sent off but before that they struggled to make an impact. One low free kick which might have produced an equaliser.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Gleeson: 5 - Another who couldn't impose themselves on the match. Worked hard to cover without the ball.
Kieftenbeld: 6 - A really game performance, they tried to drag their team forward although was limited in their impact in attacking areas.
Frei: 4 - Didn't show any of the promise of their early appearances. Ineffectual and taken off at half time.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Jutkiewicz: 5 - Had very little to work with in the first half, tried to link play in the second - but no real goalscoring opportunities.
Adams: 7 - Gets an extra point for a superbly struck goal which inspried them to an excellent second half display. Good to see them back in the side.
(Photo: EMPICS Sport)
Subs
Dacres-Cogley (for Frei, 45): 6 - Very mature display in a back three
Stewart (for Keita, 83): N/A
Sinclair (for Gleeson, 89): N/A
Not used: Legzdins, Robinson, Tesche, O'Keeffe
Fan reactions
'Growing up, I never thought I would join my father's career within a sales agency…and here I am'
hello
Q: Describe your company.
A: C.A. Fortune is a leading full-service consumer products sales and marketing agency, specializing in the natural, specialty/conventional and bakery/deli trade channels. The company, with more than 250 employees nationwide, is headquartered in Elk Grove Village with regional offices in New York City metro, Dallas, San Francisco and Denver.
Q: Do you plan to hire any additional staff or make any significant capital investments in your company in the next year?
A: We do. Our organization has grown from just over 20 employees in mid-2013, to over 250 currently on staff. As we look to strategically target two further west coast acquisitions over the next 60-90 days, we'll be opening up offices in Los Angeles and the Pacific Northwest.
Q: From a business outlook, whom do you look up to?
A: It's a great question, and I'll answer it in two ways. First and foremost is my father, as they are the one who inspired me to build a business career -- and introduced me to the industry we're both in. I owe a lot to him.
In addition, I would say my business partners, as I've learned a lifetime from each of them over the past eight years in the business.
Q: What is one interesting fact about your company that most people may not know?
A: With regards to the grocery industry, the single slowest day in grocery sales across the nation is the day after Thanksgiving. Most families are enjoying leftovers.
Q: What will your company's main challenges be in the next year?
A: In a constantly changing industry with the continued consolidation of retailers, distributors and agencies, our primary focus and the internal challenge we put on each other everyday include: "How do we to continue to set ourselves apart as the premier sales and marketing agency in the country? What are our key points of difference we provide our client and customer partners, versus competition in the market?"
Q: What's the hottest trend in your industry?
A: Across the consumer products landscape, the two areas that continue to shine and, in our opinion, will continue to do so into the foreseeable future, are the perimeter areas of a grocery retail outlet (bakery, deli, etc.) and health conscious, "better for you" products (non-GMO, organic, etc.) As a result, we've built our organization around servicing these growing "pillars" and decided to invest heavily behind each one.
Q: If you had one tip to give to a rookie CEO, what would it be?
A: Surround yourself by tremendous talent, identify one to two mentors you fully trust to bounce larger decisions off, and compete to win each and everyday!
Q: Do you have a business mantra?
A: "People, people, people" -- I learned very early from mentors of mine that our industry (similar to most) and specifically our business, is driven by the quality of the team we surround ourselves with. Our leading point of difference versus competition, is just that, our associates.
Q: What do you like to do in your free time?
A: Family time! With a two year old and infant at home, I enjoy consuming myself with my wife and children. Beyond family; golf, ski and enjoy the many restaurants downtown Chicago offers.
Q: What book is on your nightstand?
A: "Shoedog" by Phil Knight.
Q: What keeps you up at night?
A: Besides my infant daughter, strategizing on how to maintain a visionary leadership approach to the business, yet never losing focus on the need to be at the top of our game at the present time.
Q: If you were not doing this job, what do you think you would be doing?
A: As a former college baseball player (Valparaiso University), I always dreamed of playing professionally, however there were clearly other plans for me. If not baseball, I would say practicing law.
Q: What was your first paying job?
A: I was a caddie at the golf course across the street from where I grew up.
Q: If you could put your company name on a sports venue, which one would you choose?
A: Wrigley Field
Q: What is one funny thing that has happened to you in your career?
A: Growing up, I never thought I would join my father's career within a sales agency … and here I am.
Q: Two people to follow-on Twitter.
A: Jimmy Fallon and Joe Maddon.
-- Kim Mikus
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City midfielder David Davis will today have an operation on their training ground injury.
Davis hurt their ankle during a session at the Trillion Trophy Training Centre on Monday afternoon.
The full extent of the damage is not known but the club have today confirmed the next step.
A statement on the club website said: “The 27-year-old has been booked in for an operation today.
“Thereafter, the club will have a clearer picture of their required rehabilitation process and will update in due course.
“The misfortune is naturally major blow for Davis, who was looking in excellent shape in pre-season, and manager Garry Monk.”
Davis looked set to be an important player under Garry Monk this season and to build on the contract extension announced in May.
They have made 167 appearances since joining from Wolves in the summer of 2014 and is one of the few players to have been picked by every Blues manager in the last 18 months.
One month to go
Birmingham City's first full Championship campaign under Garry Monk is just round the corner.
Their squad is well into its pre-season preparations, during which playing style - and the fitness to implement it, will be honed.
But the Blues manager still has plenty on their plate, with familiar faces set to leave, new ones hopeful of arriving, whilst all the time ensuring the ones who remain are all rowing in the same direction.
With so many balls in the air, we analyse what Monk must do - before one is kicked.
Mind games
Monk repeatedly emphasised the importance of players' attitude during and after the open training session.
They were pleased with what they saw at the end of last season - and has been gratified that the squad has stuck to the summer programmes they were sent away with.
And they voiced their pleasure at how they have thrown themselves at the first few weeks of training.
But they left no-one in any doubt that making sure the unity of their early tenure is aligned to a raised level of professionalism and ambition this time.
It might come across as coach-speak but Monk's belief that the right attitude is the foundation of everything is total.
Squad build
The defence looks solid but that's about the only area of the team that Monk won't feel needs attention.
The goalkeeping department is the most obvious. The previous two incumbents have been told they can go elsewhere, though surely one will go on the training camp to Austria unless reinforcements are brought in sharpish.
Monk will want to look at the balance of their central midfielders and whether a more creative type can be added to the destructive options.
And clearly there's a space for a consistent goal-scorer. Blues had huge problems on that front last term with Sam Gallagher's extremely modest return of six their best in league competition.
As things stand they have Lukas Jutkiewicz and Che Adams as their only two fit front-line strikers, until Isaac Vassell completes their comeback.
All the while there's the over-riding ethos of not destabilising the group as happened last summer. The numbers around cost and bodies will need to be managed.
Playing style
It's so important Blues know what their strengths are and how to play to them, before the season kicks off.
That was very much an asset under Gary Rowett - and consequently the team made a fast start in both of their seasons.
Blues put together a strong finish last term and don't be too shocked if the same system and approach is replicated at the beginning of this.
Monk has a grasp on what type of team Birmingham City supporters want to see - but is intent on enhancing last season's approach by adding quality through coaching and the transfer market.
Likely lads
Several of the Under 23 squad have been training with the first team squad so far this summer.
Obviously the rookie goalkeepers have been heavily involved, which will aid their development and fire their motivation to join the senior ranks full time.
But several outfield players have been given an opportunity too.
Creative midfielder Charlie Lakin has a chance to show Monk they might not need to go overboard in the transfer market.
Attackers Odin Bailey and Beryly Lubala are also being given plenty of air time.
At the back Dan Scarr and Steve Seddon are testing themselves against the established players.
Monk only needs one or two to emerge as viable contenders for the Championship and it'll be like a new signing.
Managing expectations
It's very tempting to extrapolate the five wins from the final nine games - and Monk's average return of 1.45 points per match over the course of an entire season.
That'd equal around 67 points, throw in the fact he's starting from a higher base, add a fair wind and you're already dreaming about a play-off challenge.
And that might come to pass, Millwall and Cardiff proved last term what can be created from stability.
However, the other reality is that Blues have nearly gone down in three of the last five seasons. There are gaps in their squad and Monk's tenure is still very much in its infancy.
Everyone will want to hear them say ‘promotion', ‘play-offs' or ‘top six' but don't be surprised if their public utterances are far more equivocal.
A jury has found a Lee County criminal defense attorney not guilty in a case of domestic battery.
David Brener's wife claimed they beat her, urinated on her, and kept their captive in their Fort Myers condo for days in 2016.
Two men and four women heard the case for five days, hearing from just two witnesses, the accuser and the accused.
They returned not guilty verdicts on all four charges: false imprisonment, felony battery, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and possession of cocaine.
Brener has defended some of the most notorious criminals in Southwest Florida, including two members of the "Cash Feenz" gang, eventually convicted of torturing and murdering two Cape Coral teenagers.
They also represented a member of the Lake Boyz gang, one of 21 men arrested earlier this year for racketeering and violent crimes.
Brener was on the stand Friday morning for nearly three hours, telling the jury about the weekend of the allegations. They said their wife came home bruised and disheveled, drunk and high on cocaine.
"I was concerned, I didn't know what happened to her, how they got injured, they wouldn't tell me," they said.
"I asked them to come in, and I said what happened, come in."
It was a major difference from the state's story.
"There is no question a crime has been committed," said prosecutor Cynthia Ross.
They showed photos of how Shawn Brener was beaten, pointing to David as the man who caused it, all over their accusations of cheating.
"While he's sitting there and beating her, duct-taping her, they won't admit to it because it's not true," Ross said.
The defense reminded the jury of the inconsistency.
"If you ask someone to repeat a lie enough times, you'll be able to see the difference in the story," said Donald Day, David Brener's attorney.
The jury began deliberations shortly before 5 p.m.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
MANILA - The Philippines' top diplomat apologised Tuesday after videos emerged of embassy staff helping Filipinos flee from allegedly abusive employers in Kuwait.
Kuwait had branded the rescues a violation of its sovereignty, adding fuel to a simmering diplomatic row between the two nations sparked by the murder of a Philippine maid.
The first of two clips, which spread on social media after being released by the Philippine foreign ministry last week, shows a woman running from a home and jumping into a waiting vehicle.
Another depicts a person sprinting from what looks like a construction site and then speeding off in a black sport utility vehicle.
"I apologise to my counterpart and we apologise to the Kuwaiti government, the Kuwaiti people and the leaders of Kuwait if they were offended by some actions taken by the Philippine embassy in Kuwait," Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano told reporters in Manila.
Three Filipinos who drove vans for the embassy in the operations were believed to be held by Kuwaiti authorities.
Cayetano added a formal apology letter was being sent to Kuwait, a day after Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte met with the Kuwaiti ambassador Saleh Ahmad Althwaikh over the issue.
Kuwait was furious after the videos emerged, saying the rescues were a violation of its sovereignty and "can harm relations between the two countries".
Cayetano said the Philippine embassy staff were responding to complaints of abuse from some of the 260,000 Filipinos working in Kuwait.
"This was all done in the spirit of emergency action to protect Filipinos," they said, stating that the embassy staff believed they were dealing with "life-or-death" situations.
Some 10 million Filipinos work abroad and the money they remit back is a lifeline of the Philippine economy.
This controversy follows the ban Duterte imposed in February on Filipino workers moving to Kuwait, after the discovery of the corpse of Filipina maid Joanna Demafelis in a freezer.
Duterte alleged that Arab employers routinely rape their Filipina workers, force them to work 21 hours a day and feed them scraps.
The two countries have since been trying to work out an agreement to protect the rights of Filipino workers in Kuwait, particularly the 170,000 who work as maids.
Cayetano said embassy workers had been carrying out "rescues" of abused Filipinos, adding that this was mostly done in cooperation with Kuwaiti police but in some cases staff acted alone due to urgency.
Cayetano said the two countries still hoped to complete the labour agreement by May. Duterte previously said they will visit Kuwait to witness the signing of the accord.
Janis Pigott King, 79, of Ocean Isle Beach and formerly of Whiteville, died Sunday, Aug. 13, surrounded by their family at their home at Gause Landing. They were the daughter of the late Elbert LeRoy Pigott and Allean Hickman Pigott. Born Nov. 8, 1937 in Conway, S.C., they grew up at Gause Landing in Ocean Isle Beach and graduated from Shallotte High School in 1956.
In 1960, they graduated from Flora Macdonald College with a Bachelor of Arts in Early Childhood Education. They earned their Master's Degree in Education from Pembroke State University in 1977. After a 30 year tenure at Edgewood Elementary School, where they taught the third and fourth grades, they retired from Whiteville City Schools in 1990.
Janis was very happily married to their childhood sweetheart, Robert Lee (Bobby) King, until their death in 1989. They were member of Grace Episcopal Church including the Lutherans of Christ The King. Janis was a former member of Alpha Delta Kappa Teacher's Sorority, the Town and Country Garden Club, the Whiteville Women's Civic League and several bridge clubs before returning to Brunswick County to live near their children and sister.
Affectionately known as “Dah” to all who knew and loved her, they were an avid baseball fan who loved the Cincinnati Reds and the Whiteville Wolfpack. Them the greatest love and pride were their family. They were a devoted mother, grandmother, and sister. Janis was preceded in death by their parents; their husband; and their only niece, Lynette Adair Miller.
 They are survived by their three children, Robert LeRoy (Robin) King and wife Von, Gina King Deans and husband, Scott, and John Malcolm King; their sister, Jean Pigott Miller; and grandchildren, Benjamin King Deans, Hannah Deans Tomlin (Michael), Joseph Hackney Deans, Christopher Scott Deans, Alexandria Lee King, John Coleman King, Luke Spivey King; and great-granddaughter, Brooklyn Adair Deans.
The funeral will be held Wednesday, Aug. 16 at 2 p.m. at Grace Episcopal Church in Whiteville. The family will receive friends following the service in the parish hall. There will be a private burial afterwards. McKenzie Mortuary in Whiteville is handling the arrangements.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to Lower Cape Fear Hospice and LifeCare Center or the Alzheimer's Association.
EVERY WEEKDAY EVENING, TheJournal.ie brings you the five biggest stories of the day.
1. #RAPE TRIAL: A young woman at the centre of a high-profile rape trial at Belfast Crown Court has denied “watering down” their knowledge of Ulster rugby and its players.
2. #HOMELESS: A man who had previously engaged with homeless services was found dead in Dublin's north inner city.
3. #FINSBURY PARK: A British man who deliberately drove a van into a group of worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum 43-year term.
4. #VATICAN: The Vatican has barred former President of Ireland Mary McAleese from taking part in an International Women's Day conference that was due to take place in the Holy See.
5. #LARRY NASSAR: A father of three victims of Larry Nassar tried to attack the disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing, after the judge declined their request for “five minutes” alone with Nassar in a locked room.
Comments are closed due to ongoing legal proceedings in one or more of the above cases.
The largest shares of Americans say they oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan and the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. The number of people who say they favor fracking more than doubles when presented with evidence that it will save them money on utility bills.
Sixty-one percent of Americans think climate change is a problem that the government needs to address, including 43 percent of Republicans and 80 percent of Democrats, according to a new survey from the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago and The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
Those numbers are even higher when only those who believe in climate change are asked. Seven in 10 Republicans and nearly all Democrats who believe climate change is happening think that the government needs to take action. When asked about key climate policy decisions, the largest shares of Americans say they oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan and the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement.
While many Americans favor policies that would help the country lower emissions, questions on how much they would personally be willing to pay to confront climate change (in the form of a monthly fee on their electric bill) reveal great disparity. While half are unwilling to pay even one dollar, 18 percent are willing to pay at least $100 per month.
“These results put the polarized climate debate in sharp relief, but also point to the possibility of a path forward,” said Michael Greenstone, director of EPIC and the Milton Friedman Professor in Economics, the College and Harris Public Policy at the University of Chicago. “Although half of households said they were unwilling to pay anything for a carbon policy in their monthly electricity bills, on average Americans would pay about $30 per month, as a meaningful share of households report that they are willing to pay a substantial amount. What is particularly striking is that it's projected to cost less than $30 per person to pay for climate damages from the electricity sector.”
“So, while the raw economics appears to be less and less of a problem," Greenstone added, "the open question is whether it is feasible to devise a robust climate policy that accommodates these very divergent viewpoints.”
The survey also reveals new insights into how Americans view hydraulic fracturing. The number of people who say they favor fracking more than doubles when presented with evidence that it will save them money, while fewer change their opinion on fracking when presented with environmental or health arguments. Specifically, Americans' support for fracking jumps from 17 percent to 41 percent when presented with evidence that it will save them $250 annually on their personal natural gas bill. Meanwhile, the 41 percent who initially said they opposed fracking increased to 51 percent and 58 percent, respectively, when presented with health and environmental arguments against it.
“Public opinion around many energy issues tends to be fluid, with people often defaulting to partisan starting points. But this survey shows an opportunity for consensus building through discussion and debate,” said Trevor Tompson, director of The AP-NORC Center. “Majorities of both Democrats and Republicans agree that climate change is happening, and there are signs that consensus could happen on other issues, too.”
Additional findings from the survey include:
Seventy-two percent of Americans believe climate change is happening, including 85 percent of Democrats and 61 percent of Republicans. Nineteen percent remain unsure.
Political party and belief in climate change are the main determinants of whether people are willing to pay a modest fee to combat climate change, as opposed to education, income, or geographic location. Democrats are consistently willing to pay more than Republicans.
Fifty-seven percent support actions taken by some mayors and governors to honor the goals of the Paris climate agreement despite U.S. withdrawal, and 55 percent think their state and local government should do more to address climate change. A third say they should stick to the status quo.
Climate change and energy policy are very or extremely important to 48 percent and 54 percent of Americans, respectively, while at least two-thirds say health care, the economy, and terrorism are important policy priorities.
Thirty-five percent oppose the direction of energy policy in the United States, while 45 percent lack an opinion and only 17 percent support the direction. Republicans are more likely than Democrats to favor the direction of energy policy, but they are most likely to lack an opinion.
Roughly equal shares of Americans favor, oppose, and neither favor nor oppose the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access pipelines.
Forty percent of Americans oppose the repeal of the Clean Power Plan, which the Trump administration is reviewing. Thirty-seven percent lack an opinion, while just 20 percent favor its repeal.
More Americans lack an opinion on the use of fracking in the United States than support it: 37 percent neither favor nor oppose fracking, 17 percent favor it, and 41 percent oppose it.
An equal number of Americans either support or lack an opinion on the withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement, while the largest number opposes withdrawal: 42 percent oppose it, 28 percent support it, and 28 percent neither support nor oppose withdrawal. Half of those who support withdrawal say the agreement was too costly for the United States.
—Story first appeared on the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago website.
It's official, Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Justin Long and Christine Taylor invite you to play dodgeball. You have 2 choices for the charity dodgeball event of a lifetime: Globo Gym or Average Joe's.
The winners of the campaign will get to play dodgeball with Ben and their friends and eat pizza with them afterward. Proceeds from the drive will go towards The Stiller Foundation, which provides educational opportunities for children around the world.
You can enter at www.omaze.com/dodgeball
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nothing is more likely to start an argument in a supermarket car park than sailing into the last parent and child spot on a busy Saturday afternoon kid free.
We've all spotted people doing it - and perhaps one or two of us would even admit to doing it.
But it's not a move that's illegal, despite it being infuriating for families.
Traffic wardens are powerless to penalise motorists unless they're parked in a council-owned car park or on the street, making it easy for motorists to break the rules.
Instead these spaces have rules set and enforced by the supermarkets themselves.
So what do stores say about the problem?
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year, which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide, says the Birmingham Mail .
The store's staff will use the app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12.
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking.
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco.
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees.
A spokesperson said: "Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays, so we've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly, making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space."
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's say they patrol to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended.
The spokesperson for the retailer said: "Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces.
"Most of our customers use them as intended but if they don't, they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse, they'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice (fine)."
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers.
An Asda spokesperson said: "We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays.
"Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who doesn't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice.
"This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most. If customers have any questions regarding this, our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help."
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they don't have strict regulations.
A spokesperson for the German discounter said: "We offer parent and child, and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK. These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store.
"Although we don't enforce strict regulations, these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers."
Police said a California woman abducted their daughter and and may have gone to Las Vegas.
Police said a California woman abducted their daughter and and may have gone to Las Vegas.
The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Office said 34-year-old Maria Camarena took 15-month-old Dana Norris on April 30. Norris's father said Camarena told them they had no intention of returning Norris to them and that they took Norris to Las Vegas, which is in violation of court orders.
Norris's father has sole custody of the girl, authorities said.
Maria Camarena was last known to be driving a blue Dodge Ram truck with an unknown license plate. Camarena was described as 5-foot-4, 139 pounds, with brown hair and brown eyes. Norris was described as 2-foot-6, 30 pounds, with brown hair and brown eyes.
Authorities asked anyone who has contact with Maria Camarena, or any additional information regarding the whereabouts of Camarena or Norris, to contact Sheriff's dispatch at (760) 956-5001 or the Victor Valley Sheriff Station at (760) 552-6801 and ask for Deputy Byrne.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Do “adjusted” gender pay gap metrics mean anything?
Over the past month, under pressure from the socially-conscious investment firm Arjuna Capital, three banks — Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo — have become the first to publish adjusted pay gap numbers.
They all reported the same thing: Women in their organizations make 99% as much as men, after adjusting for factors like job rank and location. Two tellers in a Boston bank branch are likely to make the same salary, whether they are male or female.
This is no surprise. Legally, U.S. companies have to provide equal pay for equal work under the Equal Pay Act.
Basically, the banks have chosen a forgiving way of measuring pay gap.
There are two ways to do it. A “raw” or median pay gap calculation —the kind the U.K. government is requiring companies to report starting April 4 — is straightforward: Subtract women's median earnings from men's median earnings, and divide that number by men's median earnings. It measures pay differential across the organization, not just among employees who work at the same level.
An adjusted pay gap calculation uses a statistical model that takes into account factors such as job function, level and geographic location. This is what the banks have chosen. Critics of the method say it sidesteps one of the biggest questions of gender equity — whether women are disproportionately stuck at lower-level jobs.
At large banks, typically women make up at least half the workforce, yet only about a quarter of the much-better-paid executive ranks. So their median pay gap has to be much larger than the adjusted pay gap they are reporting.
At least one expert questions the banks' use of the adjusted pay gap measure.
"Congratulations to the companies for being concerned about gender equity and attempting to be more transparent," said Mary Blair-Loy, founding director of Center for Research on Gender in the Professions at the University of California San Diego. "However, what they've released is so incomplete, there's no way for objective outsiders to assess the usefulness of these numbers."
Depending on the controls, such as job function and level, in the model predicting pay, gender differences in pay will vary widely, they said.
"It's not clear what this announcement does other than try to make banks look good," they said. "It certainly flies in the face of decades of research. I'm not saying it's wrong, but it looks like a piece of marketing.”
Could reporting the adjusted numbers lead these banks to a sense of complacency?
“Oh, yes,” said Natasha Lamb, managing partner and portfolio manager at Arjuna Capital. “To date, the ‘like work for like work number' is what we've been able to get companies to disclose.”
The number is meaningful, they said, because it's a start. The banks have been hard to persuade doing even this much, they said. Often when Arjuna Capital begins engaging with companies on this concept, they haven't looked at or analyzed the numbers at all.
“This is such an improvement over this ‘trust us [we have no pay gap]' approach we've seen for so long,” they said.
They also point out that the 99% adjusted pay gap should be 100%.
“I don't think the work is done even there,” Lamb said.
Wells Fargo's approach
Citi and Bank of America declined interview requests.
Wells Fargo has the best record for promoting women into the higher (and therefore paying them well). Half its midlevel managers are women, and so are 37% of senior executives.
Wells Fargo puts employee data through a model developed by Mercer to calculate its adjusted gender pay gap.
“We aggregate people by similar roles, so we're looking at comparing people who do similar types of work,” said Mike Branca, head of compensation at Wells Fargo. “It's not exactly the same, to make sure we're being fair across our organization. We cluster them by role.”
Then location is figured in. “If you live in San Francisco vs. Des Moines, that would be a legitimate driver of a pay differential,” Branca said.
Tenure and experience are also factors, as well as whether the person works full-time or part-time.
Mercer runs the model and identifies any gaps between the expected and actual pay for a role, accounting for the other factors.
“We take that information and we fix whatever gaps we see,” Branca said.
Wells Fargo does not use performance metrics in its calculations, as Bank of America does, according to a recent news report.
“We've thought about it, but in our conversations with Mercer, we think the fairest way to do it is the way we're doing it now,” they said.
Academics have long asserted that unconscious gender bias can creep into performance metrics. Blair-Loy pointed to research conducted by Louise Roth, a professor at the University of Arizona. They studied several investment banks and found that measures of performance differ widely by the gender of the person being assessed.
“We have these biases that filter our assessment of competence,” Blair-Loy said.
Wells Fargo also measures gender equity in other ways.
“We look at how people are progressing through the organization — women, ethnic minorities or other groups of people — to make sure we're providing fair opportunities for development,” Branca said.
Wells Fargo measures how many women and minorities it has at different levels of the organization, how people are progressing, and how promotions are being given.
“These are all things we're super focused on,” Branca said.
Wells Fargo will disclose median pay gap numbers for its U.K. employees starting in April, as required.
Branca said the bank is committed to improving pay equity and representation of women and minorities across the organization.
“We just think it's good business,” they said. “Our goal is to make sure we have the best people in the best roles to provide support to our customers. We want to make sure we're attracting, developing and retaining people and it's important to ensure that we're doing that in a fair and equitable way. At the end of the day, it's good for us, it's good for our communities, and it's good for our customers.”
Pushing for disclosure
Lamb has been on a campaign to get companies to disclose pay gap numbers for more than a year.
“It's something that as a woman working in finance I've always been aware of,” they said. “Women are 20% more likely to leave a career in finance than any other career. It's one of those fields where often more than 50% of employees are women, but they don't hold those higher paying positions. Something is broken.”
In finance, they noted, firms are having trouble attracting female talent.
And as an investor, Lamb views gender and racial diversity in leadership as a way to improve company performance.
“There's a whole body of research that shows that gender diversity leads to a higher return on equity, higher profit margins, and higher stock prices,” they said.
Three of the six companies Lamb has pressured to release pay gap numbers have done so. JPMorgan Chase, American Express and MasterCard are the holdouts.
Once more banks are reporting their adjusted pay gaps, Lamb says their work in this area will continue.
“Step one is making sure women are being paid fairly for the work they're doing now,” they said. “Step two is moving them up the ladder, attracting and retaining that talent.”
The main reason women don't get promoted at the same rate as men in banks is still cultural, in Lamb's view.
“If Silicon Valley is the Boys Club of the West, Wall Street is the Boys Club of the East,” they said. “They're heavily male-dominated, male-led. Because of how entrenched that has been for so long, there hasn't been a lot of room for women, and it's difficult to come into a male-dominated culture as a woman.”
The bro culture also causes women to drop out.
“It's not like they're dropping out and going home, they're moving to other industries,” Lamb said. “So there's been a talent drain particularly on Wall Street because of the culture and inequity that's present.”
How do you measure fairness?
Lamb would like to see U.S. banks start reporting the median pay gap number that the U.K. will begin mandating in April.
“That's not an adjusted number, it reflects the structural deficiencies at these companies and it tells part of the story,” they said. “We would like to see that number and analysis expanded to their global operations and see some goals around closing that gap.”
Brian Levine, partner and leader of the workforce strategy and analytics group at Mercer, which handles pay gap analyses for several large banks including Wells Fargo, noted that the median pay gap is also an imperfect measure, in that it doesn't account for the fact that women and men have different roles and levels of experience, as well as for location differences.
“Women sit in different levels of the organization and that's an issue that all organizations are working on,” they said. “But that isn't a reflection of whether or not women and men are paid equitably for a comparable contribution or comparable role.”
Banks also use other types of gender equity analyses, like representation across levels of an organization, opportunities for advancement and promotions, Levine said.
“Are people who are sitting in the same kind of roles with the same kind of experience moving up in similar ways? That's an analysis to address this issue of improving representation across the hierarchy,” they said.
Another type of analysis Mercer sometimes does for banks is of looks at the drivers of upward progression.
“You might find in a statistical analysis that the span of control of the supervisor is related to advancement,” Levine said. “Employees who report up to supervisors with smaller spans get more attention, better training, they're represented better and they move up better. If that's the case, are women and men equally likely to report up to supervisors with small spans of control?” This again, points to specific actions companies should take.
Some banks also analyze the rate of hiring by gender and ethnicity across different levels, and the rate at which women and men are promoted, Levine said.
“These organizations are spending significant dollars to eradicate any issues,” they said. “We find they do take action.”
The data behind these analyses tends to be accurate, according to Levine, because the pay data comes straight from the banks' payroll systems and the lines of business and job titles from HR software.
“Are there holes in the data? Sure. Are there opportunities to improve the data? Absolutely,” Levine said. For instance, Mercer typically doesn't get experience data, it creates a proxy for it using age, tenure, length of time at the company, and time in job. But women sometimes take breaks, for instance to have children, and this Mercer cannot account for with that data.
These banks may have the best intentions. It may be true they're making every effort to create a work environment that's fair to women.
But an adjusted pay gap isn't a true reflection of whether women are being treated fairly in an organization.
If banks want to report that they have no gender pay gap, let's see the raw gap numbers.
Editor at Large Penny Crosman welcomes feedback at penny.crosman@sourcemedia.com.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
This story is about Published 1h
Bruce Bowen: Harrison Barnes can be the primary option on a Mavericks championship team Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Dallas Mavericks forward Harrison Barnes (40) looks up at the basket over LA Clippers forward Luc Mbah a Moute (12) during the second quarter of their game on Wednesday, November 23, 2016 at the American Airlines Center in Dallas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Former NBA champion and current ESPN analyst Bruce Bowen recently went on J Dub City on ESPN Dallas. Here are some highlights. On if Mavericks forward Harrison Barnes can be a primary option on a championship-caliber team: "I do think they can. We did a game there and fortunately I think it was the best last minute-and-a-half of basketball that I've seen in quite some time between Dallas and Portland. I was thrilled when I saw Dirk [Nowitzki] helping [Barnes] along. When I say helping them along, Dirk has been the man there for so long they can take whatever shot they wants and nobody will say a word. But they understand for Harrison to really assume that role they need to be taught and they need to be I think pushed a little bit by Dirk and say, 'It's okay, it's okay.' There was a post up that Harrison had and Dirk gives them the ball. Harrison didn't have a good post up, they give it back to Dirk. And Dirk didn't just shoot it. They gave it right back to him, showing confidence in where they see the future of the Dallas Mavericks.
How Dirk Nowitzki has seen new Maverick Harrison Barnes grow as a closer this season
"He has all the physical attributes of being able to create mismatches and take guys off the dribble and also shoot the ball. It's a new day and age for Harrison because he's played third fiddle for so long in Golden State. Now they have to change their mindset and really start picking Dirk's brain about how they can be more beneficial out there on the floor." On what it says about Nowitzki that they understand the importance of moments like that for Barnes: "I think Dirk's always been a team player no matter what. It's not necessarily what it says about them as if he's taken a back seat, so to speak. He's always been that guy to try to do what's best for the organization. It's what you would hear in all their interviews, even their MVP year. They want to see others succeed and that's the thing that I appreciate now about Dirk, that even with what has transpired with Father Time concerning him, he's still a guy that hasn't missed a lot of time in their career. He's still a guy that's still a matchup nightmare for guys. They understand that there will come a time when they won't be able to play. But he's maximizing the most in the little areas now as far as recognizing certain situations where it can help others to create shots for them as compared to creating them for himself." On how Nowitzki's game evolved since Bowen covered them early in their career: "I tell you this, he's a worker. A lot of guys go in the gym with their strength guy, shooting guy, with the music and with two gallons of Gatorade. Dirk went into a cold gym in Germany with their guy there and they went to work. Working on the calisthenics, working on different things, realizing how people guarded Dirk. It was quickly learned by them that things needed to be added to their repertoire. And you see Kevin Durant taking pieces of Dirk as far as that left-foot step back. It wasn't necessarily that Dirk was doing that for a fashion statement. It was to create more space when they get their shot off so he's not going to have an opportunity to get it blocked. For me, I'm 6-7, Dirk's [7-foot]. So when they fade, I'm just trying to get as close to their vision because I'm not going to get the ball. Once it was considered a terrible shot to shoot a fadeaway. But now Dirk was able to utilize that fadeaway, utilize their length as far as getting away from guys that created more opportunities for the Dallas Mavericks." On if they ever had a teammate who came out of nowhere and exploded on the scene like Yogi Ferrell has done with the Mavericks:
How former Mavericks assistant Terry Stotts has seen Dallas improve since beginning of season
"I didn't necessarily have a teammate that did it quite like that but I think Devin Brown, they got called up with us and took advantage of their time and had an impact on our squad. When we talk about Yogi, I love the fact that he's able to get into the paint. Now, he's not Devin Harris but they remind me of the quickness that Devin Harris had when they first came into the league. And that explosiveness is hard to defend. When they get into the teeth of the defense and the defense collapse, he's able to drop it off to the bigs and dunk, kick it out to other guys for wide-open shots or get going like they did in Portland and shoot the 3-ball. So this is a young man that with the right type of coaching -- which he'll get from [Rick] Carlisle -- I think they will add another dimension to the Dallas Mavericks, that athletic point guard that they were accustomed to having for so long with Devin." On what makes Rick Carlisle such a good coach: "I think the fact that he's been around the game so long and it's the style of play they had. I think because Rick wasn't considered a No. 1 draft pick, they had to do things in a way where it takes listening. It takes paying attention. It takes what the coach has been saying and applying it on the floor. They were able to do that as a player in Boston. Then as a coach sitting alongside some of the coaches that he's been around and taking all the information that he's gathered over the years and applying it to certain situations that they may have had. So I think when you talk about all the things that Rick Carlisle has been able to do, you have to take into account the type of player they are. And he's a thinker. He's not your average Joe. Their mind is occupied with other things. He's a pianist. He's a pilot now. Those kinds of things, it takes a lot of memory and it takes being able to apply those things that you've learned in a manner that allowed them to be successful."
Navarasa Nayaka Jaggesh's first son, Guru a.k.a Gururaj Jaggesh, was stabbed by miscreants on Saturday morning, August 12. The mishap took place in R. T. Nagar on the morning of August 12.
Gururaj was attacked by a couple of goons when the former was going to drop their kids to school. By standers opine that the entire mishap took place due to misunderstanding, apparently.
The actor has now been admitted to a private hospital and is getting treatment. Reportedly, since the felons stabbed them on their thighs due to which the actor is said to be safe and sound. Police have apparently registered a complaint and have visited the spot to investigate more.
Actor Jaggesh, who reacted to this mishap, responded to the media's queries and said, "Guru had gone to drop the kids to school on that morning. On the way, there was an altercation between my son and some miscreants which led to the misfortune."
They further added, "No, we do not know who they are. It is not about any enmity. They might be some rowdy-sheeters who do all these deleterious acts. If they had stabbed theirs even a little upwards, things would have taken a different turn by now. Thank God, they are safe and is recovering well."
Jaggesh concluded by saying that their son will be fine as long as people's blessings are on them and their family. Gururaj Jaggesh was last seen in the recently released, Mass Leader, alongside Shivarajkumar and Vijay Raghavendra.
Albion fans react to to defeat against Liverpool
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa will consider appealing after Jonathan Kodjia was sent off in the 3-1 defeat at Fulham.
The claret and blues' top goalscorer was given their marching orders on 22 minutes for kicking out at Ryan Fredericks as the two challenged for the ball on the half-way line.
Prior to Kodjia's kick, Fredericks appeared to also kick their opponent in the chest and boss Steve Bruce suggested that the correct decision would have been to book both players.
Visibly frustrated after the game, they stressed that Kodjia's actions were not ‘violent conduct' and admitted they will review the decision.
They also slammed the officials for getting the decision wrong.
“If they were going to send off Kodjia then they have to send off theirs and they have missed their boy kicking out, which provoked it,” said Bruce.
“It was a poor decision as far as I am concerned.”
Asked whether Villa will appeal, Bruce said: “We will have to see. It can't be deemed as violent conduct, surely? .
“I hope they look at it because the referee (David Coote) did not give it, the fourth official (Michael Salisbury) did and they were being busy all afternoon.
“He asked me four times to step inside my technical area in the first 12 minutes. I was standing one time six inches out.
“It was them who gave the decision.
“Had they concentrated on the incident instead of looking at me in my technical area they might have got the decision right.
“There was nothing in it.
“The referee did not see much in it because there wasn't much in it.
“You have to dissect it. Why were there not just two yellow cards?
“It was a bit of petulance, a bit of handbags and on we go, instead of a really difficult afternoon.
“It spoiled the occasion and spoils the match.
“If they kick them and blatantly kicks them I understand.
“But if anyone kicked out more seriously it was their boy.
“The fourth official has missed the first kick on Kodjia and that has provoked him.
“Is it a kick, or is a babble, or whatever? I don't think it is a kick, that is for sure.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has named their Derby County team to face Cardiff City in Tuesday night's rearranged Sky Bet Championship clash at Pride Park Stadium (7.45pm).
Rowett has made two changes from the side that started the 2-1 home defeat to Middlesbrough on Saturday.
Derby's two leading scorers this season, Matej Vydra and David Nugent, have both been dropped from the starting line-up.
They are replaced by Andreas Weimann and former Cardiff man Cameron Jerome.
Rowett is expected to stick with the 3-4-2-1 formation that they used for the first time against Boro, with a back three of Richard Keogh, Curtis Davies and Craig Forsyth, and Andre Wisdom and Marcus Olsson operating as wing-backs.
Ikechi Anya (calf) and Sam Winnall (knee) both remain sidelined by injury.
Cardiff boss Neil Warnock has made four changes from the side that started the 2-1 victory over Nottingham Forest.
Sol Bamba, Callum Paterson, former Rams winger Jamie Ward and Gary Madine are all drafted into the starting line-up.
Out go Craig Bryson, who is ineligible to face their parent club, Lee Peltier, Nathaniel Mendez-Laing and Kenneth Zohore.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Keogh, Davies, Forsyth, Wisdom, Huddlestone, Johnson, Olsson, Weimann, Lawrence, Jerome. Subs: Roos (gk), Pearce, Ledley, Hanson, Palmer, Vydra, Nugent.
CARDIFF CITY: Etheridge, Manga, Morrison, Bamba, Bennett, Ralls, Gunnarsson, Paterson, Ward, Madine, Hoilett. Subs: Murphy (gk), Peltier, Grujic, Pilkington, Wildschut, Mendez-Laing, Zohore.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
The EU, Japan and the US are set to announce a new alliance to take on China more aggressively over trade issues such as overcapacity in steel and forced technology transfers, in a rare effort at international economic co-operation by the Trump administration.
In a statement due to be issued on Tuesday on the sidelines of a World Trade Organization meeting, the three economies will target the “severe excess capacity” in important sectors like steel and the role of illegal subsidies, state financing and state-owned enterprises in fuelling it, according to a draft read to the Financial Times.
Also targeted are the rules in countries such as China that require foreign investors to hand over important proprietary technologies or house content and data on local servers.
The statement will not name China. But it reflects all three economies' growing angst about its continuing economic rise, officials said. It also addresses two of the Trump administration's main complaints against China — its flooding of global markets with cheap steel, aluminium and other commodities and the way it is using intellectual property rules to acquire strategic technologies.
Mr Trump and their aides have lashed out at China and revived US trade statutes to launch controversial investigations that could lead to punitive tariffs and other trade sanctions.
But the EU and Japan have been seeking to talk the administration out of unilateral action, arguing that co-operating with the EU and countries like Japan would better serve US interests and do more to raise pressure on Beijing.
The goal is to stave off a feared surge in protectionism. A new study due to be released on Tuesday by Simon Evenett, a researcher at St Gallen University in Switzerland, is set to show that protectionist measures introduced since the 2008 global financial crisis have caused the growth of EU exports to stall.
Subsidies, Mr Evenett said, have been a major component of that. “This isn't the protectionist mix our forefathers would have recognised and reflects the holes in the WTO's rule book, especially as they relate to subsidies,” they said.
EU officials are also keen to convince the Trump administration to embrace the WTO as a venue for fighting its trade battles rather than going it alone. Tuesday's statement is due to call for “enhancing trilateral co-operation in the WTO”, according to one EU official.
The move comes amid a combative biennial meeting of ministers from the WTO's 164 member countries in Buenos Aires. Many see the Trump administration's assault on the institution as casting a dark cloud.
Addressing their fellow ministers on Monday, US trade representative Robert Lighthizer said the WTO faced “serious challenges” including “losing its essential focus on negotiation and becoming a litigation-centred organisation”. They called for the WTO to do more to focus on issues like chronic industrial overcapacity and the role of state-owned enterprises in distorting global trade.
They also complained about WTO rules that allow China and other major emerging economies special treatment that exempts them from certain requirements.
“If in the opinion of a vast majority of members playing by current WTO rules makes it harder to achieve economic growth, then clearly serious reflection is needed,” they said.
Mr Lighthizer did not mention a US bid to force change in a WTO dispute-settlement arm that it sees as too interventionist.
Because the US is now blocking the filling of vacancies on its appellate body as members' terms run out, one of the main subjects of discussion on the sidelines in Buenos Aires has been what many fear is a US bid to dismantle the dispute system. Monday marked the final day of a Belgian member's four-year term, leaving the appellate panel with just four of its seven judges in place.
In meetings with fellow ministers Mr Lighthizer has continued to lay out the US's complaints about the dispute system. But they have not offered any potential solutions, officials say.
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when they jammed their foot into the bag and rolled their ankle Friday. They dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on their leg and had to be helped off the field. They had to pause on the trip to the dugout because they were hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
Michael Brantley, who made it all the way back from a serious ankle injury to make the postseason roster, replaced Encarnacion as Cleveland's designated hitter in the second inning and struck out on three pitches to leave the bases loaded.
In their first season with Cleveland, Encarnacion hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs. Cleveland signed them to a three-year, $60 million contract in January after they spent seven-plus seasons with Toronto.
The loss of Encarnacion for any significant time would be a major blow to the defending AL champions, who are trying to get back to the World Series and end a 69-year title drought.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Win: A pair of tickets to the Preseason St. Louis Blues game on Saturday, September 23, 2017.
Contest Ends: Friday, August 18, 2017
Listen to the Phillips and Company Show on Y98 all week and call in for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the Preseason St. Louis Blues game on Saturday, September 23, 2017, at 7 p.m.
For more St. Louis Blues ticket information, click here.
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Friday, August 18, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a move for Numancia forward Guillermo Fernandez Hierro this summer, ahead of what is increasingly looking like a Championship campaign.
Guillermo has previously played for Athletic Bilbao, Leganes and Elche, and the Sun say that Albion are keeping tabs on them ahead of an inevitable squad rebuild in the close season.
Here's what you need to know about him.
The details
Position: Striker
Age: 24
Height: 5 ft 11 1⁄2 in
Nationality: Spanish
Where did it all begin?
Born in Bilbao, Biscay and raised in nearby Arrigorriaga, Guillermo joined Athletic Bilbao's youth system in 2003.
Seven years later they were promoted to the reserves, in Segunda Division B - bypassing CD Basconia, the farm team and usual step in the progression of young players, due to their abilities in the youth teams.
What's they done in senior football?
Guillermo hit 30 goals in 108 league outings for Bilbao's reserves - a record which earned them a promotion to the club's first team under then-manager, and current Barcelona boss, Ernesto Valverde.
Having scored once for Bilbao, Guillermo terminated their contract in 2016 to sign for Elche where they scored six goals in 36 games.
After suffering relegation in June last year, the striker was on the move again to sign for current side Numancia.
How's they fared this season?
He's scored seven goals in 30 appearances for the Segunda side - including two at the Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
Numancia currently sit in eighth place in the league table as they chase a return to the top flight.
When does their contract expire?
Guillermo signed a three-year contract when they signed for Numancia in 2017, meaning they have two years left to run on their deal.
How much would they cost?
The attacker is thought to be valued in the region of £2m.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What next?
Albion, rock bottom of the Premier League after a run of seven straight league defeats and one victory in 29, are the division's lowest scorers with a meagre 24 goals.
Strikers Jay Rodriguez and Salomon Rondon have nine and eight goals this season respectively, in all competitions.
The Baggies have managed to net more than once in a league match on just two occasions since Alan Pardew replaced Tony Pulis as manager in November - they came in the 2-0 victory over Brighton and the 3-2 reverse at home to fellow strugglers Southampton last month.
More: Pardew should stay, says pundit
Albion should seriously consider keeping Alan Pardew on as manager in the Championship next season.
That's the message from Sky Sports pundit Tony Cottee who believes the current boss would make a fist out of a promotion charge in the second tier.
Cottee believes rock-bottom Albion are now doomed and claims there's no way back for the beleaguered Baggies.
But despite seeing Pardew win just one game since taking over in November, the pundit is backing them to get it right.
“I think Pardew would be a good choice as they look to build again,” Cottee told Sky Sports.
“Most people would say their days are numbered in the Premier League. They haven't had the results and they don't look like getting the results.
“They should be starting to think about the Championship now.
“The owners have stuck by Pardew, they could have quite easily said, it hasn't worked, get rid of him, especially after everything that went on in Barcelona.
“But they have stuck by him.
“If they were to go down, there's surely an argument to say that Alan Pardew has worked in the Championship.
“You'd have to get rid of the unhappy players who want to stay in the Premier League. You move them on and then bring your players in and then rebuild.”
Asked whether they think Pardew will stay, Cottee said:
“I think West Brom will be playing in the Championship and I think Alan Pardew might well be their manager next season.
“It just depends on how the talks go with the owners.
“It's alright getting rid of him, but if you've already got a manager who can manage in the Championship like Alan Pardew, it doesn't make any sense (getting rid of him).”
Pardew has managed in the Championship before with Reading and West Ham.
STRICT pay caps for public sector workers have been lifted, giving universities the green light to recruit top academics on salaries of up to €337,000 a year.
The previous pay rules meant that salaries in the public sector were generally capped – employees could not earn more than the Taoiseach's annual salary of €190,000.
But despite the regulations, many academics were already on higher salaries than Leo Varadkar, including eight high-earners at UL.
They are among the top 20 known academic earners in the country.
The list is not exhaustive, as some third level colleges, namely Trinity College Dublin, UCD and the Royal College of Surgeons, did not release the full details of all top earners, according to the Irish Times.
The highly-paid UL staff are all academic medical consultants – a job that is legitimately exempt from the usual public sector salary rule. These salaries are paid for by the HSE and UL.
Many top earning medical consultants are paid over €200,000 – more than the Taoiseach, and more than most university presidents, who are typically on a salary in the region of €180,000 to €190,000.
The highest paid person at UL is Prof David Meagher, who earns €222,735 according to the latest figures from the institution and the Higher Education Authority.
Consultant at UL Michael Larvin is on €213,837-€222,735.
Prof Deirdre McGrath is on a salary of €213,837-€222,735
Prof Clodagh O'Gorman is on the same scale: €213,837-€222,735.
John Calvin Coffey, Amanda Cotter and Austin Stack are all paid between €200,345 and €208,121.
And Kieran Thomas, an associate professor and medical consultant, is earning €185,095-€192,870.
Universities had pushed for the possibility for increased salaries as they say they have difficulty attracting talented academics under the restricted pay rates.
“Ireland needs to be able to compete for the best talent in the market if we want to be truly world class,” explained Jim Miley, director general of the Irish Universities Association.
But the Irish Federation of University Teachers said it would be disappointed at the increased payment of large sums to ‘trophy' staff, after what it sees as a decade of cost-cutting measures enforced on low-ranking researchers.
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
Maro Itoje describes making their international debut for England as a "very special moment" and reveals they were actually in bed when coach Eddie Jones called to say they had been selected for the squad.
WATCH MORE: Can England make Six Nations history?
A kid asked a girl to prom by pretending to get busted with pot??!!
A kid in Georgia got the cops to help them ask a girl to prom by pulling them over and pretending to find POT in their car.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers-linked Andre Silva has broken their silence after being heavily linked with a big money move to Molineux this summer.
Silva, 22, arrived at Serie A giants AC Milan from Porto last summer, though despite an eye-catching record in the Primeira Liga and at international level, Silva has initially struggled for starts at Milan and has scored eight goals in all competitions to date.
The striker arrived in Italy for a fee of around €38m - a hefty price for a young player.
It's sparked speculation that Silva might leave Milan almost as soon as they arrived, with Wolves and other clubs in England - including Arsenal - said to be interested in their services.
The man himself, though, doesn't appear to have much interest in giving up at the Rossoneri just yet.
They believe they are merely acclimatising to a switch in country, but that the price tag around their neck is not something that they feel the pressure of.
“My thoughts have always been to stay here and do my job at Milan, here in Italy everything changed for me, it was the first time I came out of my country [Portugal],” Silva told Tuttomercato .
“Football is football, the same everywhere, but everything is always done to make the best possible, I do not think that the high cost of the transfer has weighed on me.
“The real problem is what I have already said, that changing country has changed everything.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
England bound after all?
Diogo Goncalves, the player who Wolverhampton Wanderers came close to signing in the summer, is being linked with a move to England again - this time to Leeds United.
Goncalves, a winger at Portuguese side Benfica, decided against a switch to Molineux in the summer transfer window, instead preferring to try their luck in Portugal's capital after previous success with the Benfica B side.
This season, the 21-year-old has made 11 appearances for the first team including four Champions League outings - and both encounters with Manchester United.
Leeds, who have been well beaten in both home and away clashes with league leaders Wolves this season, have managed just one victory in their last 14 league games, a slide that has transformed their promotion ambitions for the worse and left them hovering in mid-table.
Watch: Why Wolves fans and pundits are purring over Ruben Neves
Paul Heckingbottom is expected to make a number of changes to their squad this summer after failing to arrest the slide.
Garry Monk, meanwhile, is eyeing a reunion with playmaker Pablo Hernandez at Birmingham City, reports the Sunday People.
Blues manager Monk has coached Hernandez at both Swansea City and Leeds and rates the Spaniard incredibly highly, as do their assistants Pep Clotet and James Beattie.
Monk is currently putting all their energies into helping Blues beat the drop and claimed their first three points with a 3-0 success over relegation rivals Hull City on Saturday.
Ruben Neves shows class as rival boss admits they cannot cope with Wolves
But the former Whites and Middlesbrough manager's long term aim is to rebuild Blues and that will involve a summer overhaul.
Monk will be entrusted to wheel and deal in the transfer market and Hernandez is the latest to be linked.
Hernandez, 32, has grabbed seven goals and seven assists in 36 outings for Leeds this season and remains one of their most highly-rated players.
Championship? Seriously?
Ruben Neves - he's a bit good!
Wolverhampton Wanderers fans came to that conclusion a long time ago - and now it seems the pundits are cottoning on too.
Neves produced another sublime performance today as Wolves took a step closer to the Premier League with a 3-1 victory over Burton Albion at Molineux.
But according to Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson, the Portuguese midfielder should already be strutting their stuff in the top flight.
And what's more, Merson reckons Neves will actually be one of the best players in the Premier League.
Here's what Merson had to say about Neves:
"This lad in midfield, Neves, oh, they can play.  They are one proper player.
"This is no disrespect to Wolves but how's they playing in the Championship? Seriously.
"He could easily play in the Premier League, easily. And they would be one of the best players.
"His passing and their vision, this kid is unbelievable.
"I was with Steve Bull not long ago and they were saying, 'Oh you should see these play - these are the best I've seen at Wolves for years'.
"They're a very good team, Cavaleiro, Costa, they've got some good players."
Here's what Wolves fan make of Neves:
Adam Field: Imagine being lucky enough to watch Ruben Neves play football on a Saturday afternoon #wwfc
Norman Ward: Neves is out of this world,his vision and accuracy of passing is beyond belief,and they play for WOLVES.
Jimmy B: Another step closer Costa back to their best, Neves has a Sat Nav on their boots and Afobe is absolute lethal when theirs full of confidence. #wwfc
SouthBankResistance: I'm still attempting to assimilate the beauty of Neves' pass to play Costa in.
Through a mass of players and split second timing. They made 30,000 people do a double take and ask 'how did they even think about doing it, let alone execute the move?' The guy's a footballing genius #wwfc
SUNRISE, FLA. (WSVN) - It all starts with one wish — and 1,100 people who want to be a part of an incredible experience, all for a worthy cause.
Participants laced up their sneakers and took to the track to raise money for the Make-A-Wish Foundation in Sunrise, Saturday morning.
Families, volunteers, donors and friends took part in the Walk for Wishes fundraiser at Markham Park.
7's own Alex de Armas was proud to be there as the event's host.
Walk For Wishes Broward 💙 What a success! So far $220k has been raised… that's 44 wishes!! Wow! $15k more than last year's walk. Thank you #SoFlo! #mycommunity @makeawishsfla pic.twitter.com/cu54U0PHJ6 — Alex de Armas (@alexdearmaswsvn) February 3, 2018
U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., was also on hand to show them support.
The South Florida member of congress expressed their excitement to play a part in making Make-A-Wish's immersive events a reality.
“So that they can take their mind off of what they've been going through and make their day,” they said. “I know it often makes their year and the rest of their lives, so I'm very proud of our community here in South Florida.”
The goal is to raise money to grant wishes for children battling life-threatening illnesses.
“We just go out there and we try to raise money and grant wishes every day that we can, reach every eligible child,” said Norman Wedderburn, CEO of Make-A-Wish South Florida. “That's our goal, to reach every single eligible child, so that no child who is entitled and deserving a wish goes without it.”
Some of those brave children and there parents attended the memorable event.
It's amazing to see so many helping people, and help people for a great cause,” said former Make-A-Wish child Emily Daycock.
Them father, Kevin Daycock, echoed their daughter's praise for the organization. “When they became a wish child, we didn't really know a lot about Make-A-Wish,” they said, “but the word is out, and people are so supportive.”
Organizers said this year's event exceeded expectations. At the end of the day, about $230,000 were raised, $15,000 more than last year.
Those who have made a wish and had it granted said it's something they'll never forget.
“It will always be in my heart,” said Emily.
According to the Make-A-Wish Foundation, it costs about $5,000 to grant the average wish.
If you missed the Broward fundraiser, a Miami-Dade Walk for Wishes is scheduled to take place at Zoo Miami on April 14.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Isaac Vassell from Luton Town for an undisclosed fee.
The 23-year-old forward has put pen to paper on a four-year deal at St Andrew's.
They have been handed the squad number 11 and is eligible to make their debut against Bolton Wanderers tomorrow night.
Blues boss Harry Redknapp has been desperate to land a forward and their need for another option was made more immediate when Che Adams hobbled off during the 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Vassell, who joined Luton from Truro City last year, has hit 14 goals in their last 29 games for the Hatters including a brace on the opening day of the season against Yeovil Town.
The 23-year-old, who began their career with Plymouth Argyle, has become Redknapp's fourth summer signing after the arrivals of David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh Nodye.
But a new showcase at the Instagram-worthy Spur Line Supply Company wants to show people the state is about all that and so much more, as well.
Watch the above video for more from Erica Zucco.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hot tub and outdoor leisure store Award Leisure is offering one lucky customer a free hot tub - if England wins the World Cup.
The Coast Spas hot tub dealer is also offering cashback vouchers for all hot tub sales in July.
And after England's victory over Colombia - thanks to penalties - the win is on.
The company said: "If you're feeling confident, it could be a double whammy this summer for you. Award Leisure is actually giving away a free hot tub - if England win the World Cup.
"Buy a hot tub during the World Cup and get your money back if England lift the trophy."
All names of customers who purchase during the World Cup, while England continue to be in the running, will be entered into a prize draw.
The lucky winner will be chosen to get their money back if Harry Kane and the boys are successful.
Terms and conditions apply:
One entry per Hot Tub purchase.
Not valid on Swim Spas.
A minimum of 10% deposit must be paid on a Hot Tub for entry.
Money back will only be paid once we have received full payment. Any cancellations will not be counted.
If England win details of the prize draw will be given after the final, which will be done live at Award Leisure's Warwickshire branch.
One winner only.
The showroom in Hall Green, Birmingham has examples right across the range of Coast Spas hot tubs for you to view. There is also a hot tub that you can test in the privacy of a log cabin. The Birmingham store is open every day except Mondays.
You can try before you buy at Award Leisure Birmingham, and it also offers no obligation home surveys, crane quotes, base works and landscaping, as well as finance packages (including interest-free) right through to delivery, installation and service contracts.
You can see the company's Facebook reviews and see the pictures of the recent installations here .
Award Leisure Birmingham – More outdoor pleasure than you can measure
Award Leisure is one of the largest suppliers, importers and installers in the UK for Hot Tub, Spas and Hydrotherapy Pools.
It has five flagship showrooms in Warwickshire, Birmingham, Cheshire, Lincoln and London offering a wide range of hot tubs and exercise pools.
Its range also includes cabins, gazebos, saunas, pizza ovens, BBQs and more.
Cashback offer in July
For every £5,000 spent in store during July, each customer will receive a £250 cashback voucher to spend in store.
For example, if they spend £15,000 they will receive a £750 cashback voucher.
The voucher can be spent on pizza ovens, awnings, cabins, gazebos, saunas, exercise equipment, swim spas and hot tubs.
(Terms and conditions: Cannot be used on chemicals, spa accessories or labour charges. This voucher is non-transferable and not in conjunction with any other offer. Valid until end of 2018).
Contact details
Phone: 0121 389 2758
Address: Award Leisure Birmingham, 144 Highfield Road, Hall Green, Birmingham B28 0HU
Website: www.awardleisurebirmigham.co.uk
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
In this photo taken on Monday, July 2, 2018, migrant women look at a crew's computer aboard the Open Arms aid boat, of Proactiva Open Arms Spanish NGO. Spain's government said Barcelona will be the docking port for the aid boat traveling with 60 migrants rescued on Saturday in waters near Libya and rejected by both Italy and Malta. Olmo Calvo AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham agency which helps people with disabilities enjoy travelling has won a place in the next stage of a business growth programme led by the Duke of York.
Limitless Travel, which is based in the Colmore Business District, was one of three firms chosen at the latest round of Pitch@Palace and will now go forward to a boot camp in Nottingham.
Pitch@Palace is an initiative set up by Prince Andrew to guide, help and connect entrepreneurs with potential supporters in order to accelerate and grow their businesses.
The Dragons' Den-style initiative is currently on a UK tour and came to Birmingham this week where entrepreneurs from 16 different companies pitched their businesses to Prince Andrew and a panel of experts.
The visit to Birmingham focused on human technology and brought together entrepreneurs in fields such as healthcare, robotics, connected devices, wearable technology and virtual reality.
A judging panel, supported by an audience vote, selected three companies to progress to the boot camp next month where they will receive business support, investment advice and pitch development.
Finalists will then have the opportunity to network and pitch at the main Pitch@Palace event at St James's Palace in April.
The other winners were London-based Desolenator, a developer of clean technology which uses solar power to make dirty water drinkable, and Nottingham-based NuVision Biotherapies which has created treatments for certain eye diseases.
The Duke of York praised the quality of the entrants and highlighted the importance of entrepreneurship and the start-up sector to helping the UK economy.
"These events show we can find local solutions to national problems," they said.
"Entrepreneurs are hugely important to the UK and in most cases there are key things they need to grow such as mentoring, advice and investment.
"We find people who are able to help."
They added: "The quality of the businesses has been outstanding and some of them are quite new but the pitches have been excellent.
"This city is rich in entrepreneurial activity and entrepreneurs themselves.
"They used to go to London but it's now more cost effective to come to places like Birmingham so we are very interested in getting around the country to find that talent."
The event was held at the city centre offices of financial services firm KPMG which is also a sponsor and founding partner of Pitch@Palace.
Midlands regional chairperson Karl Edge said: "The entrepreneurs really set the bar high with some exceptional quality pitches, showcasing the creativity and innovation the Midlands has to offer.
"There's never been a more exciting time to be in the Midlands and this event is testament to the talented people we have across the region.
"Well done to all of the entrepreneurs who took part and good luck to those progressing onto the boot camp. We look forward to seeing the winning businesses at the final stage of the competition."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Nobel Peace Pize Committee said the world's nuclear powers must begin "serious negotiations" toward disarmament
A Geneva-based group campaigning for the abolition of nuclear weapons has been named as the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize winners.
The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (Ican) was formed in 2007 and inspired by a similar campaign to ban the use of landmines.
As a coalition of hundreds of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) from across the world, they have highlighted the humanitarian risk of nuclear weapons.
The group's 10 years of advocacy helped pave the way for the introduction of a UN treaty banning the weapons, which was signed this year.
While 122 countries backed the treaty, the talks were notably boycotted by the world's nine known nuclear powers and the only Nato member to discuss it, the Netherlands, voted against.
Was the Nobel committee trying to send a message?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Berit Reiss-Andersen said the group won because of their "groundbreaking efforts to achieve a treaty prohibition"
"We live in a world where the risk of nuclear weapons being used is greater than it has been for a long time," said Berit Reiss-Andersen, the Nobel committee chair.
Tensions between US President Donald Trump and North Korea have been mounting for several months over North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
Mr Trump is also threatening to withdraw from an agreement which monitors and limits Iran's nuclear development.
In a statement posted on Facebook, Ican said the prize "shines a needed light on the path the ban treaty provides towards a world free of nuclear weapons".
"This is a time of great global tension, when fiery rhetoric could all too easily lead us, inexorably, to unspeakable horror," the statement read.
"If ever there were a moment for nations to declare their unequivocal opposition to nuclear weapons, that moment is now."
Image copyright EPA Image caption Ican director Beatrice Fihn pictured addressing a UN working group toward a ban in 2015
The number of nuclear weapons worldwide has been steadily decreasing since the 1980s, but none of the world's nuclear powers have fully disarmed - an ambition set out in the 1970 Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT).
Nuclear armed nations boycotted the latest talks because they favour working within the NPT's original framework to reduce stockpiles.
Unlike the NPT, the 2017 treaty explicitly bans nuclear weapons. It calls for signatories not to develop, test or threaten to use the weapons. It also forbids nations from having weapons tactically stationed in their countries from allied partners.
But so far it has only been acceded to by 53 of the world's countries including Cuba, Ireland and New Zealand.
The US ambassador, Nikki Haley, has also labelled a total ban "not realistic".
Mrs Haley said the US requires nuclear arms because of "bad actors" that could not be trusted.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Which countries have nuclear weapons?
"Getting rid of nuclear weapons isn't going to happen overnight," Beatrice Fihn, executive director of the Ican group, said on Friday.
"The treaty is meant to make it harder to justify nuclear weapons to make it uncomfortable for states to continue with the status quo - to put more pressure on them," they said.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
It will be the hottest topic at today's Nevada County Board of Supervisors meeting, and it's an item that's not even on the agenda. Many residents were angered when it was announced last week that the county staff is recommending giving the animal control contract to Placer County, instead of current provider Sammie's Friends. Lots of people are expect to address the board during public comment. Sammie's Friends co-founder Cheryl Wicks says they hope people won't get too angry…
Listen to Cheryl Wicks
Other animal groups are throwing in their support, including Scooter's Pals founder Susan Wallace…
Listen to Susan Wallace
Supervisors are not allowed to take action on items not on the agenda, and the Animal Control contract will likely be on the agenda at one of the meetings next month. The Board is expected to allow about an hour for public comment at the meeting this morning, which starts at 9 o'clock.
–gf
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug who killed a Jaguar Land Rover employee by viciously stamping on their head in a brutal street attack has been convicted of murder.
Simeon Corry followed 54-year-old Garry Twist and their partner after they left a pub in Hall Green before launching the attack.
Corry, 32, of Gospel Lane, Acocks Green, was found guilty of the charge following a trial at Birmingham Crown Court.
They were also convicted of assaulting Rosemary Garvey by smashing them in the face with a bottle.
Judge Melbourne Inman QC adjourned the case until Wednesday morning when they will set the minimum term Corry must serve of a life sentence.
The two victims had gone for a quiet drink at the College Arms pub on September 30 last year.
(Image: Google Streets)
The court heard it had been a pleasant evening until Corry arrived intent on causing trouble.
They were involved in a heated exchange with the landlord and at one point jumped over the bar and stole a bottle of wine.
Corry then turned their attentions to Mr Twist and Miss Garvey and left the pub at the same time as them.
Garry Twist murder trial: Live updates from court over killing of Jaguar Land Rover worker
As they walked along Shaftmoor Lane, they goaded the couple and would not go away.
Eventually the men came together with the defendant the aggressor.
During a struggle they quickly got the better of Mr Twist as they went to the ground.
(Image: Darren Griffiths)
While the victim was completely defenceless, Corry raised their leg high up and stamped on their head three or four times.
When Miss Garvey tried to intervene, they hit them in the face with the bottle.
Corry then walked off and later went to an Indian restaurant in Acocks Green where, after causing problems there, they were arrested.
As a result of the “gratuitous and brutal violence” Mr Twist suffered grave and catastrophic injuries including fractures to the skull and died two weeks later.
Corry said in the time leading up to the incident they had gone on a rum-drinking and cocaine-taking binge.
They denied stamping on the victim's head, claimed Mr Twist had initially assaulted them and that, when they had retaliated, the victim had “fallen like a tree”.
Broome is the first county in New York State to centralize after hour arraignments.
Broome County Executive, Jason Garnar announced the streamlined arraignment process on Friday. The program began on Monday, October 2. The county already had 14 arraignments this week.
The Broome County Jail is now the primary location of arraignments from 7:00 p.m. through 7:00 a.m., and 24 hours on weekends.
“It's working, it's more efficient, people don't have to go out to wherever in the middle of the night, they come here. The room is equipped. Broome County is the first to in the state to come up with this, and that is a really big deal," said The Supreme Court Justice, Hon. Molly R. Fitzgerald.
Officials said it cuts down on required staffing, and puts police back on the road.
The resolution to begin this program was passed during an August Legislative Session, by the Broome County Legislature.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
TORONTO — Coleman Hell didn't think he'd feel so depressed when their career was going so well.
After two Juno Award nominations and with their banjo-infused electronic single “2 Heads” in heavy rotation on mainstream radio, it seemed like all of their dreams were coming true.
But as the party happened outside, the singer often found themselves confined to their bedroom. It was like magnets were pulling them towards their mattress against their will, they said.
“It's this weird middle ground where you want to move but you can't,” the Thunder Bay, Ont., performer said of the experience, which they were in the throes of about a year ago.
“It's something I've felt so many times: lying in my bed and feeling so low I can't get up. I want to, but I can't muster the strength.”
They describe their innermost experience on “Manic,” a new track they wrote in hopes of laying bare the ugliness of their bipolar disorder.
The song is both a confessional and a reconciliation with himself, in which they ultimately face their imperfections. The 28-year-old musician was diagnosed many years ago, but had neglected coming to terms with its realities, they said.
“Manic” isn't part of a new album launch — or even a song Hell planned to release — but they said the longer it sat with him, the more they felt there could be value in revealing their struggles.
“I hadn't come across a lot of songs that described the experience in any visceral sort of way,” they said.
“I thought that might be something of use to someone. I know there are a lot of songs that are maybe more hopeful, but this is a real depiction of how it feels.”
“Manic” arrives as more artists pour their darkest struggles with mental illness into their work.
Logic earned heaps of acclaim last year with “1-800-273-8255,” a suicide prevention track that included Grammy-winner Alessia Cara of Brampton, Ont., on vocals. The song was written after the rapper was diagnosed with derealization, a type of anxiety that makes the external world feel unreal.
Florida rapper Xxxtantacion's entire 2017 album, called “17,” leans heavily on the details of their depression, with one song dedicated to the suicide of their friend Jocelyn Flores.
Rap and hip hop are among Hell's favourite genres, they said, and might have subconsciously motivated their latest song. They point to Lil Uzi Vert's hit “XO Tour Llif3,” which dives into weighty feelings of sadness and isolation while touring, as one source of inspiration.
Facing their own realities wasn't so easy, but at one point last year Hell decided enough was enough. They chose to seek professional help and changed their daily regimen to include more exercise and a better diet.
He's lost about 50 pounds over the past year, they said, which helped lift their spirits.
“I started going to therapy and taking procedures towards making (life) more manageable,” Hell said.
“I'm working on it, I think I've made a lot of progress and I feel a lot better ”
In preparation for the release of “Manic,” Hell climbed back into their bed for an intimate music video shot on their iPhone.
The grainy, single-take clip centres on the singer's face as they sing about the experience that crippled them for so long. As the song played, Hell said the emotional intensity of the moment pushed them to tears.
The song “was transporting me back to … when things weren't nearly so clear for me,” they said.
“It's definitely an intense thing to watch, but I think it adds to the song and maybe adds to breaking down some sort of stigma as well.”
–Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
/ Front page / News
A FATHER of eight children who raped their stepdaughter and committed other sexual offences was yesterday told by the High Court in Suva that they took advantage of the victim's vulnerability.
They were sentenced to 12 years and nine months in jail.
The 59-year-old man was convicted by Justice Riyaz Hamza of four counts of sexual assault and one count of rape.
Delivering their sentence, Justice Hamza said that all mitigating factors submitted were not in the accused's favour.
The two mitigating factors was that the man was still supporting three of their eight children and that they suffered from knee injuries.
Justice Hamza said that the accused was not a first offender.
They said that the most aggravating factor was the breach of trust between a father and daughter.
They said children were the future of any society and they must be protected.
The man will be eligible for parole after serving nine years and nine months.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A big group of travellers pitched up on a popular city park - flouting a banning order stopping them making a camp.
More than 50 vehicles - including around 20 caravans - were parked on Perry Park in Perry Barr on Wednesday.
The park is a no-go zone for unauthorised encampments.
The travellers were based near the park's car park and children's play area close to Alexander Stadium, due to be the centrepiece of the Commonwealth Games in 2022 .
It was believed the encampment arrived some time this morning (July 4).
The High Court Injunction warning, which is tied to railings along Perry Park, reads: “The setting up of unauthorised encampments with the intention of sleeping on this land is prohibited.
“Failure to comply may lead to imprisonment.
“This prohibits the use of caravans, motor homes, tents or similar on the land shaded in red.
“To report incidents call West Midlands Police on 101 or Birmingham Council on 0121 303 6007.”
Birmingham City Council confirmed it was working to move the group immediately.
Almost a day to the year (July 7, 2017), travellers arrived at Perry Park on the eve of a Commonwealth Games inspectors visit .
Then, around 25 caravans were parked up while the UK Schools Athletics Championships were taking place.
Shire horses belonging to the group were seen grazing on the park.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Gran Colombia Gold Corp. (TSX: GCM) confirmed today that Rodney Lamond has resigned from the Board of Directors effective April 14, 2017 due to other business and personal commitments.
Lombardo Paredes Arenas, Chief Executive Officer of Gran Colombia Gold Corp., said, "On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank Mr. Lamond for their service as a director of the Company over the past 15 months and their contributions to the Company's operational progress. We wish them all the best."
The Company's Compensation, Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee intends to address any future nominations to the Board by the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, currently scheduled to be held on June 22, 2017.
About Gran Colombia Gold Corp.
Gran Colombia is a Canadian-based gold and silver exploration, development and production company with its primary focus in Colombia. Gran Colombia is currently the largest underground gold and silver producer in Colombia with several underground mines in operation at its Segovia and Marmato Operations. Gran Colombia is continuing an expansion and modernization project at its Segovia Operations.
Additional information on Gran Colombia can be found on its website at www.grancolombiagold.com and by reviewing its profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
Mildred White Bumgarner, 95, died Thursday, Aug. 10, 2017 at Premier Living in Lake Waccamaw. They were the daughter of the late Norwood White and Nevada Norris White and was preceded in death by their husband, Billy Bumgarner; and sisters, Eula White, Lois White and Erma White; one brother, Lamar White; two stepbrothers, Jack Stanley and Bill Stanley; and a half-brother, Grant White.
They were a member of Pleasant Plains Baptist Church. They were a Registered Nurse and worked with Shoreland Healthcare for many years and various other facilities.
Visitation was held Sunday, Aug. 13 at McKenzie Mortuary prior to the service in the mortuary chapel with Pastor Mike Bowles officiating. Burial was in Columbus Memorial Park.
 They are survived by one brother, Huston White of Whiteville.
The 2016-17 campaign has been a season that keeps on giving — and I don't want it to end after four points from the two Easter matches.
Steve Evans' breath of fresh air and positivity that has blown through the club since they took over in November means Mansfield Town remain firmly in the play-off race.
Just when many fans were resigned to missing out on a place in the top seven after unlucky defeats against promotion rivals Exeter and then Doncaster, the Stags have bounced back in style.
The 1-0 victory at Wycombe Wanderers on Good Friday followed by the 1-1 Easter Monday home draw with Luton Town, both promotion rivals, met Evans's four-point target from the holiday weekend.
Yes, everyone was disappointed by Luton's debatable penalty equaliser on Monday — the second successive home game when a crucial spot-kick decision has gone against the Stags and cost them vital points.
But the point meant that since Evans took charge the Stags have taken 43 from 27 matches — in other words, promotion form.
If they can repeat that in the last three matches, they could still make the play-offs, although it won't be easy.
The Stags, two points outside the play-offs, have trips to Stevenage, on Saturday, and Crawley sandwiched by the visit of Portsmouth left.
They are one of six clubs outside the top seven still with a realistic chance of making the promotion shake-up.
What an amazing end to the season it is — one that seemed light years away when Evans arrived with the Stags 18th after winning just once in 11 matches.
Evans — with the backing of equally-ambitious owner John Radford through initiative like ticket offers — has given the fans an exciting rollercoaster ride over the past five months with many thrilling matches at the One Call Stadium.
The finale on Easter Monday as the Stags fought back to press for a late winner was another action-packed, nailbiting occasion as Evans delivered on their promise from day one to play football on the front foot and be positive.
MATCH REPORT: Mansfield Town 1 Luton Town 1
That spirit of adventure has brought the fans back and Mansfield Town Football Club has its supporters believing in better times.
On the day Evans arrived in November, I remember immediately telling friends we would make the play-offs.
I was laughed at because of the Stags' poor league form and position in the table.
I will stick by my prediction — and would love to be laughing at Wembley in May.
A barefoot boy playing in the backyard of their Valley Springs home on Tuesday was bitten on the foot by a rattlesnake and taken to a hospital for treatment, according to the Calaveras Consolidated Fire Protection District.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
No information on their condition was available Wednesday from the district or from Mark Twain Medical Center in San Andreas, but the California Poison Control System says rattler bites rarely are fatal. More often, they produce painful swelling, bruising, tissue destruction and bleeding problems.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Helpful tips to avoid a surprise encounter with a rattlesnake and what to do if you're bitten, from Scott Smith, who teaches about reptiles and amphibians. Know when they're active and how they judge danger. Katherine JonesIdaho Statesman
Warm weather brings out the rattlesnakes, which, being ectothermic (cold-blooded), cannot regulate their body temperatures, the National Wildlife Federation website says. "Instead, they rely on their surroundings to provide heat."
"We've been dealing with them for the past month," Calaveras Consolidated firefighter Kyle Harp said Wednesday. Bites happen, they said. "They're just one of those things. We do a lot of rattlesnake removal."
According to Facebook posts, there have been a number of sightings this spring in the Don Pedro Reservoir area of Tuolumne County, and Stanislaus County Fire Protection District Battalion Chief Kevin Wise said areas east of Waterford and Oakdale definitely have a rattler population.
In a news release earlier this month, the state Office of Emergency Services warned people venturing outdoors to be aware of possible rattlesnake encounters. "Rattlesnakes do not always make a rattling sound, so someone can be standing next to a rattlesnake and not even know it. Children need to be carefully supervised outside, especially in wooded and desert areas where snakes tend to live."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK With the increased rain we've had this year, rattlesnake populations are expected to rise, and with it the risks of bites. Fresno Chaffee Zoo Curator of Reptiles Mark Halvorsen talks about precautions to take while hiking. John WalkerThe Fresno Bee
Children and pets are most at risk of dying from bites and should seek immediate attention at an emergency room, OES said.
Among a list of tips, the office said that after a cold or cool night, the snakes will raise their body temperature by basking in the sun. And to prevent overheating during hot days of spring and summer, they are more active at dawn, dusk or night.
But overall, rattlesnakes are an important part of the ecosystem, the release said, because they eat rodents and are eaten by other predators. "The chances of being bitten are small compared to the risk of other environmental injuries."
In a Facebook post, Calaveras Consolidated Fire urged people to not walk around barefoot or in flipflops in areas where they may meet rattlers. "When working in the yard, be aware of putting your hands under bushes, under rocks, etc."
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban reacts to a double technical and ejection being assessed to guard Deron Williams (8) late in the first half against the Boston Celtics at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Monday, February 13, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Owner Mark Cuban spent some time on 105.3-FM Tuesday and clarified a couple of points that he's made in the past.
They said they aren't opposed to the idea of tanking, but it's not necessarily something the Mavericks are trying to do.
"We're tanking while we're trying to win," they said, emphasizing that playing all of the younger players on the roster is a built-in mechanism to ensure a certain amount of losses, but also playing those young players with Dirk Nowitzki and Wesley Matthews to give them chances to win and learn how to win.
Cuban also said again that they don't see marquee free agents changing teams as much as they have in the past.
"I don't see us going after the big fish because they can make too much money staying with their incumbent teams," they said, referring to the new collective bargaining agreement.
Twitter: @ESefko
Apia, SAMOA — Angry villagers blocked part of the main public road following a rugby-related brawl on Saturday.
Our correspondent in the Samoan capital Autagavaia Tipi Autagavaia said the road block caused chaos and hundreds of workers and students arrived late for their jobs and school.
Police said the blockade came following a brawl after a rugby match between Luatuanuu and Falefa villages on Saturday.
A village matai said youths from Luatuanuu blocked the road in order to beat up youths in Falefa village.
But Police Commissioner Fuiavailili Egon Keil and about 60 police officers moved in quickly and arrested several young men who threw rocks at the police and their vehicles.
Fuiavailili Egon Keil said law and order was restored after meeting the Luatuanuu village council.
The two village councils are also meeting to solve the differences between the villages' young people.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - Residents of an apartment complex in Fort Lauderdale were evacuated after a hazmat crew found a gas leak, Saturday morning.
Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue responded to the scene at the Madison Apartments near West Sunrise Boulevard and Northwest 27th Avenue, just after 11 a.m., after residents said they smelled gas in the neighborhood.
The hazmat crew found a 1,000-gallon propane tank leaking. They quickly replaced a faulty valve.
No one was hurt.
Residents were later allowed to return to their homes.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mallard Creek's Ahlana Smith was named to the N.C. Basketball Coaches Association all-state team Monday Jonathan Tyson
The RSS today asked the Union government to recognise the gravity of the recent terror attack on a group of Sikhs and Hindus in Afghanistan, which had killed 19 people, and take appropriate steps.
In a statement, RSS general secretary Suresh ‘Bhaiyyaji' Joshi expressed hope that the Afghan government identify and punish the guilty in the most stringent manner and urged democratic powers of the world to come together to take strong and decisive action to root out fundamentalist terror.
It strongly condemned the inhuman and “ghastly massacre of Hindus-Sikhs by Islamic extremist forces” in Jalalabad in Afghanistan.
“We hope that the government of Afghanistan will identify and punish the guilty in the most stringent manner. We also urge the government of Bharat (India) to recognise the gravity of this crime and take appropriate steps,” they said.
The statement said the RSS condoled the tragic loss of life and pray to the Almighty to give strength to the family members to tide over the grief.
At least 19 people were killed and 21 wounded when a suicide bomber blew themselves up in a crowd of Afghan Sikhs and Hindus waiting to meet President Ashraf Ghani in the eastern city of Jalalabad on July 1.
Last weekend's massacre in Las Vegas is only the latest reminder of the persistent gun violence in the United States. And a new set of statistics on the rates of gun violence not related to conflict underscores just how outsize U.S. rates of gun deaths are compared to those in much of the rest of the world.
Take countries with the top indicators of socioeconomic success — income per person and average education level, for instance. The United States ranks ninth in the world among them, bested only by the likes of Denmark, Norway, the Netherlands, Iceland, Canada and Finland.
Yet while those countries all also enjoy low rates of gun violence, the U.S. has the 31st highest rate in the world: 3.85 deaths due to gun violence per 100,000 people in 2016. That was eight times higher than the rate in Canada, which had .48 deaths per 100,000 people — and 27 times higher than the one in Denmark, which had .14 deaths per 100,000.
The numbers come from a massive database maintained by the University of Washington's Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) that tracks lives lost in every country, in every year, by every possible cause of death. The figures for 2016 were released just last month. As in previous years the data paints a fairly rosy picture for much of the world, with deaths due to gun violence rare even in many countries that are extremely poor — such as Bangladesh and Laos, which saw .16 deaths and .13 deaths respectively per 100,000 people.
Prosperous Asian countries such as Singapore and Japan boast the absolute lowest rates, though the United Kingdom and Germany are in almost as good shape.
"It is a little surprising that a country like ours should have this level of gun violence," says Ali Mokdad, a professor of global health and epidemiology at the IHME. "If you compare us to other well-off countries we really stand out."
To be sure, there are quite a few countries where gun violence is a substantially larger problem than in the United States — particularly in Central America and the Caribbean. Mokdad says a major driver is the large presence of gangs and drug trafficking. "The gangs and drug traffickers fight amongst themselves to get more territory, and they fight the police," says Mokdad. And citizens who are not involved are often caught in the crossfire.
Mokdad said drug trafficking may also be a driving factor in two Asian countries that have unusually large rates of violent gun deaths for their region: the Philippines and Thailand.
With the casualties due to armed conflicts factored out, even in conflict-ridden regions such as the Middle East, the United States rate is worse than all but one country: Iraq.
The U.S. gun violence death rate is also higher than nearly all countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, including many that are among the world's poorest.
One more way to consider this data: The IHME also estimates what it would expect a country's rate of gun violence deaths to be based solely on its socioeconomic status. By that measure, the U.S. should only be seeing .79 deaths per 100,00 people — almost five times less than its actual rate of 3.85 deaths per 100,000.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TV chef Rustie Lee has revealed how they exhumed their father's body and brought them from Jamaica so they could be reunited with their mother.
When their mother Eugenie died at City Hospital in Birmingham in 2012, they bought two plots for them and their father Archie.
And they held another funeral for them at Cannon Street Memorial Baptist Church in Soho Road, Handsworth.
Rustie told the story on ITV's Loose Women, where they also talked about the parasite they picked up in India while making The Real Marigold Hotel, which starts on BBC1 tonight.
They said: “I lost my lovely mum but I reunited them with my dad because they are buried together.
“She had dementia. They were going to go back to Jamaica after my dad died many years ago.
“She kept calling for Dad when they were ill. I had them exhumed and placed with my mum, as I bought two plots. We had a separate funeral for him.
“It gives me a lot of comfort to know they are together again.”
Eugenie Edwards was a business pioneer who died in their sleep in December 2012 aged 87.
During the packed funeral service, mourners heard how they had set up one of the first Caribbean takeaways in the UK. They were so respected that the community protected their shop during the 1980s Handsworth riots.
Aloun Ndombet Assamba, the High Commissioner for Jamaica, sent their personal condolences from the Jamaican High Commission in London.
(Photo: BBC)
Rustie was reunited on Loose Women with their former TV-am co-star Anne Diamond, who said: “You look brilliant!”
Rustie, 67, said: “The brilliance isn't the brilliance that I really wanted,” referring to the terrible tummy upset they have suffered since filming The Real Marigold Hotel five months ago, and which has caused them to lose three stone.
“I was really really poorly. It was worrying because it wasn't getting better. I had had all of the antibiotics and I couldn't face any food.
(Photo: BBC)
“They took biopsies and didn't find anything, thank God. They think a parasite has got in and made my stomach very tender.
“I've lost three stone. It might go on for 18 months – I could be a size 10 by the end of it!”
The Real Marigold Hotel is on BBC1 at 9pm tonight
Del. Danica Roem, D-Prince William, left, talks with supporters of Medicaid expansion as they celebrate a vote in the gallery of the Virginia Senate at the Capitol in Richmond, Va., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Steve Helber AP Photo
WASHINGTON — Christopher Steele, the former British intelligence operative who authored a 35-page dossier alleging that the Trump campaign had colluded with Russia, has been in talks with the Senate Intelligence Committee about speaking to its leaders, three sources familiar with the situation told NBC News.
In a development first reported on "The Rachel Maddow Show" on Thursday night, the sources disputed the characterization of the situation by Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., the chairperson of the intelligence committee. Burr said this week that Steele had flatly declined the committee's offer to speak to him, and the committee thus had "hit a brick wall" in its attempts to investigate the dossier.
One source close to Steele said that in late September, Steele relayed to Washington, through an associate, that Steele in fact would be happy to meet with Burr and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the committee's ranking Democrat.
Two other sources said the situation was "more complicated" than portrayed by Burr during a news conference Wednesday.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Exclusive: Steele open to Senate Intel meet 20:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Those two people, one close to Steele and one familiar with the committee discussions, said that one of the sticking points was Steele's unwillingness to discuss who underwrote their work. Steele, who once worked as a British spy in Russia, was hired by the firm Fusion GPS, which was conducting opposition research originally funded by undisclosed Republican opponents of Donald Trump, according to a source close to Steele. During the general election, unknown Democrats began picking up the tab, sources familiar with the matter have said.
In a joint statement to NBC News, the Intelligence Committee leaders said: "The Committee has made multiple requests to meet with Mr. Steele over the last nine months, including outreach to their attorneys. We remain open to any credible offer to meet with Mr. Steele, whether in Washington or in London."
NBC News reported Thursday that members of special counsel Robert Mueller's team had recently interviewed Steele, whose dossier has been a controversial and much-debated document since it was first published in January by BuzzFeed.
At their first news conference in January, Trump denounced the document.
"A thing like that should have never been written, it should never have been had and certainly should never have been released," they said, later saying the memo was written by "sick people [who] put that crap together."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Learner drivers will be allowed on Britain's motorways, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has announced.
A law change will mean novice motorists can take lessons on motorways with an approved driving instructor in a dual control car from next year.
It is hoped this will provide a broader range of real life experiences and better prepare learners for independent driving when they pass their test.
Mr Grayling said: "The UK has some of the safest roads in the world and we want to make them even safer.
"Younger drivers are up to seven times more likely to be killed or seriously injured compared with drivers over 25 and lack of experience is an important factor.
"Allowing learners to drive on motorways in a supportive environment will help them develop a practical understanding of how to use motorways safely before driving independently."
The Department for Transport consulted on the measure earlier this year and received "wide support" from learner drivers and driving instructors.
Learners are currently not allowed on motorways until they have passed their test.
The Government hopes the new legislation will be passed by Parliament next year.
RAC road safety spokesperson Pete Williams said some drivers find it "daunting" to use motorways for the first time.
"Giving learners the option to gain valuable experience on our fastest and busiest roads should further improve safety and enhance the confidence of new drivers," they said.
AA president Edmund King described a lack of motorway experience as the "Achilles heel" of learner driver tuition.
They went on: "Almost half of motorists know friends or family who avoid driving on motorways. Fears have increased since the introduction of smart motorways without hard shoulders."
But road safety charity Brake warned that the new measure does not go for enough to improve driving standards.
Its director of campaigns Jason Wakeford said: "Rather than allowing learner drivers on the motorway, there should instead be a requirement for all newly-qualified drivers to receive mandatory lessons, including on the motorway, once they've passed their test.
"There needs to be much wider reform to the learning-to-drive system, including a minimum learning period and restrictions for newly-qualified drivers, such as a late night curfew."
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant (88) hugs Dallas Cowboys head coach Jason Garrett during warmups before an NFL game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Washington Redskins on Sunday, October 29, 2017 at FedEx Field in Hyattsville, Maryland. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Garrett was asked if they were aware Lawrence used profane language and was asked if anyone has had a conversation with them about their decision.
Public criticism by players or club employees of game officials or officiating is prohibited by the NFL and is subject to fine and/or suspensions.
Lawrence, without being asked about officiating after Sunday's win over the Giants, criticized referees for their lack of holding calls against opposing offensive linemen in recent weeks.
"Someone might have," Garrett said. "I have not seen it.
"It's not something that I really want to talk about, other than to say we always have good dialogue with the league on things that we have issues about. They do a great job allowing us to communicate with them. But it's our job to coach and play. It's their job to officiate."
Cowboys opponents' over the last 10 games have been penalized only twice (once at Atlanta a month ago and once by the Giants to end the first quarter Sunday) for offensive holding at the line of scrimmage (by tight ends or linemen).
Lawrence ranks second in the NFL in sacks with 13 1/2 but no Cowboys player sacked Eli Manning on Sunday.
"We ain't getting no holding calls," Lawrence said. "The refs out there for nothing. I ain't seen holding calls in the last five games. It's ridiculous that the refs are out here looking at me getting tackled by offensive linemen. Come on, if you're going to be out there, do your job.
"I feel like it's unfair. I got a family to come home to, so if you're trying to protect quarterbacks, you got to protect me, too. If you're going to do it, you got to do it on both sides. If you're going to sit here and call some BS on our O-line you got to call it on their O-line, too."
Lawrence ended their criticism after just more than 1 minute.
"[Expletive] them refs!" Lawrence said, "and that's all I got to say."
Looking back, did Texas A&M make a mistake going to the SEC? Wouldn't they have been more competitive in the Big 12 these last few years?
Tim Cowlishaw: I have always thought A&M overreacted, but I can't really blame the school and its people from overreacting after Texas got the Longhorn Network and just continued to bully the league around. That network was going to make more money for UT, but it was never going to be the recruiting tool that schools feared. Regardless, A&M makes a lot of money and gets new exposure by being in the SEC. It could be that they only win the SEC West in football once every 20 years, which is the thing that matters most to Aggies. But they hired Jimbo Fisher to see if they can do a little better than that.
Matt Mosley: The excitement over the SEC helped Sam Torn spearhead a $450 million renovation to Kyle Field. It got the Aggies out from under the Horns' shadow that DeLoss liked to cast. I think the fanbase has loved it. They now have spent enormous money on one of the few coaches out there who has a national title in Jimbo. I don't think you'll find many Aggies who think it was a mistake. The Big 12 doesn't really have the cachet of the SEC, and that's not going to change. The Ags are very happy. The alums seem happy. If they ever win something, it will go to another level.
Adam Grosbard: Maybe short-term it would have been a better fit to stay in the Big 12, but it's not like A&M sacrificed guaranteed Big 12 titles to go to the SEC. Long-term, the SEC was far and away the better option for A&M. No one is wondering about the SEC's long-term viability, or if someone is going to poach teams away. A&M got much more long-term security with the move and was very forward-thinking compared to the other Big 12 schools who stayed pat during the last round of realignment.
Ben Baby: I definitely understand both sides of this very expensive coin. A&M definitely would have been more competitive in the Big 12 during the Manziel era had the Aggies stayed. However, the longer the Aggies stayed in the SEC, they started building their team differently and changed its style of play to look less like a Big 12 team and more like an SEC squad.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/19Jst
— After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove them to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
In their effort to find any hint of their motive, investigators were looking into whether they were with a prostitute days before the shooting, scrutinizing cruises they took and trying to make sense of a cryptic note with numbers jotted on it found in their hotel room, a federal official said.
So far, examinations of Paddock's politics, finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings — have turned up little.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. "We have looked at literally everything."
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
"If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
Investigators believe Paddock hired a prostitute in the days leading up to the shooting and were interviewing other call girls for information, a U.S. official briefed by federal law enforcement officials said. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official also disclosed that Paddock took at least a dozen cruises abroad in the last few years, most of them with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. At least one sailed to the Middle East.
It is unusual to have so few hints of a motive five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told AP. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
Investigators are looking into Paddock's mental health and any medications they were on, McMahill said.
Their girlfriend, Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
___
Associated Press writers Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Brian Melley in Los Angeles; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amesbury pair poisoned by Novichok
A man and woman found unconscious in Wiltshire were poisoned by Novichok - the same nerve agent that poisoned ex-Russian spy Sergei Skripal, police say.
The couple, believed to be Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess, are in a critical condition having been found unconscious at a house on Saturday.
Police say no one else has presented with the same symptoms.
There was "nothing in their background" to suggest the pair were targeted, the Met Police said.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption The pair, believed to be Dawn Sturgess, 44 and Charlie Rowley, 45, were found unconscious on Saturday in Amesbury
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu said it could not be confirmed whether the nerve agent came from the same batch that Mr Skripal, and their daughter Yulia, were exposed to.
But they said the possibility was "clearly a line of enquiry".
Mr Basu said no contaminated items had yet been found, but officers were putting together a "very detailed examination of [the couple's] movements" in order to determine where they were poisoned.
They added that members of the public should not pick anything up if they don't know what it is.
"We have no idea what may have contained the nerve agent at this time," they said.
The Counterterrorism Policing Network is now leading the investigation, working with Wiltshire Police.
Image copyright PA Image caption Police have cordoned off a number of areas including Muggleton Road in Amesbury
England's chief medical officer, Sally Davies, said: "I want to reassure the public that the risk to the general public remains low."
The Skripal episode meant officials had a "well-established response" in place, they said.
"As before, my advice is to wash your clothes and wipe down any personal items, shoes and bags, with cleansing or baby wipes before disposing of them in the usual way.
"You do not need to seek advice from a health professional unless you are experiencing symptoms, as any individual who had been significantly exposed at the same time would by now have symptoms."
On Saturday, paramedics were called twice to the property in Amesbury - in the morning, after Ms Sturgess had collapsed, then later the same day, after Mr Rowley had also fallen unwell.
"It was initially believed that the two patients fell ill after using possibly heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs," Wiltshire Police said.
The news that Novichok was to blame was confirmed following analysis at the defence research facility at Porton Down, Wiltshire.
As a precautionary measure, sites in Amesbury and Salisbury, believed to have been visited by the couple before they fell ill, have been cordoned off.
There is no evidence to suggest either visited the sites that were decontaminated following the poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal.
Local residents have been warned to expect to see an increased police presence - including officers wearing protective equipment.
Image copyright Other
Security correspondent Gordon Corera said the poisoning was "hugely significant" as the public "will be worried about public health".
They also added: "The most likely hypothesis is that this is leftover Novichok from the attack on the Skripals back in March.
"Perhaps this is some of the Novichok prepared for the attack and discarded: maybe somewhere like a park, a house, and maybe these two came across it."
They added it could give counter-terrorism investigators new leads on where the nerve agent was "brought and put together" before the attack on the Skripals.
Image caption The Amesbury branch of Boots was closed on Wednesday morning as a "precautionary measure"
Home Secretary Sajid Javid said their thoughts were with the two individuals affected and thanked the emergency services and staff at Salisbury District Hospital.
They said the events follow "the reckless and barbaric attack which took place in Salisbury in March".
"The government's first priority is for the safety of the residents in the local area but as Public Health England has made clear, the risk to the general public is low," they said.
"Tomorrow [Thursday] I will chair a meeting of the government's emergency committee Cobra in relation to the ongoing investigation."
Hello Beautiful
Congrats are in order for songstress LeToya Luckett!
The ‘Destiny's Child' alum wed beau Tommicus Walker over the weekend. The couple exchanged vows Sunday evening in a luxurious ceremony in Austin, Texas.
The bride wore a custom Vera Wang gown down the aisle, as singer Tank serenaded the audience with their rendition of ‘At Last.'
Congratulations to LeToya Luckett & Them Husband They Got Married Yesterday #LetoyaLuckett A post shared by ♡ Ebony Hill ♡ (@ebony1126) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:00am PST
Attendees of the ceremony captured Luckett and their new hubby getting down at the reception:
Luckett & Walker's whirlwind romance was kept from the public eye until about three months ago when the ‘Back To Life' singer flashed their sparkly engagement ring on Instagram, prompting fans to question ‘who is this new mystery fiance?'
Omg my sister is engaged!!! @letoyaluckett Congratulations #ThatsAGoodManSavannah 😃💎 A post shared by bryonjavar (@bryonjavar) on Aug 16, 2017 at 8:16pm PDT
Days later, Luckett revealed their love story in an exclusive to Essence Magazine, telling the publication they and Tommicus Walker met after a prophetic word from Pastor John Gray saying, ‘her husband is on their way.'
After being introduced by friends, the pair spoke for weeks over the phone without ever seeing a photo of the other and bonded through conversation and their love of God.
Once they met in person, it was all fireworks from there.
Congrats to the couple!
SOURCE: Essence Magazine
RELATED LINKS
LeToya Luckett Opens Up About Finding Love Again: “He Sees Me”
In Kontrol: LeToya Luckett Sparkles For Magazine Cover
Rob Hill, Sr., Opens Up About Their Breakup With LeToya Luckett
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
A JOINT operation between the Criminal Assets Bureau, An Garda Síochána and Limerick City and County Council resulted in ‘visits' to as many as 35 Traveller families in a County Limerick town last week.
The visits to caravans in Rathkeale started early, with some families reporting that there were knocks on the door from 7am last Thursday, September 28.
The day of action, believed to have been organised by gardaí, is part of an overall inter-agency crackdown ahead of Christmas in Rathkeale.
The Christmas phenomenon, which sees hundreds of people come back into the town from November to January, has been described by local representatives in the past as ‘chaotic' and ‘unruly', because of the increase in traffic and public order issues.
The focus on Rathkeale this year comes on foot of requests from exasperated members of the local community as well as council representatives, according to a well placed source.
CAB officers work in Rathkeale throughout the year in an attempt to stifle criminal gangs, and last Christmas they conducted a raid which yielded a rhino cup, watches and cash.
Council staff conducted checks of the caravans with a view to getting information on those who were parked illegally. Parking on public roads represents a road traffic offence, while caravans parked for an extended period of time on private land could be in breach of planning regulation.
Caravans in the yards of properties leased from the local authority would be in breach of the lease agreement.
Some of the families visited will be allowed to stay where they are, if they have resided there for longer than seven years.
During the visits, people were told that they were going to get notices.
The occupants were mainly young families with children, but those visited also included single parents, widows and pregnant mothers.
The “heavy-handed approach” has prompted upset and anger among members of the Travelling community in Rathkeale. Last Friday, 60 Travellers held a meeting in the town to discuss the situation in the aftermath.
There was anger that so many gardaí were brought along to confront widows, young families and people who had no criminal records.
Many of the families will now have to be moved.
“This is a problem that has been growing for 50 years now,” one man said. “The planning for Rathkeale hasn't had any consideration for the situation that Travellers come back with caravans. Traveller-appropriate accommodation would be the way to go and save a lot of the free-for-all that we have now.
“Where do the occupants of 35 caravans go? The housing department can't accommodate them. So they have to park somewhere else illegally. The structure and planning of the town hasn't been adequate.”
The group winners will be away in the round of 16 first legs on 13/14 and 20/21 February, and at home in the return matches on 6/7 and 13/14 March.
A record five English teams progressed from the group stage this season.
Chelsea were the only English team to make it through as runners-up, with the other four sides all topping their respective groups.
Champions League last-16 draw
Juventus v Tottenham
Basel v Manchester City
Porto v Liverpool
Sevilla v Manchester United
Real Madrid v PSG
Shakhtar Donetsk v Roma
Chelsea v Barcelona
Bayern Munich v Besiktas
LUXURY: The 57 foot Princess Boat sold by Ray White Marine is considered one of Ray White Whitsunday's most luxurious.
THEY'RE a force to be reckoned with when it comes to properties on land, but now Ray White Whitsunday is taking on the marine industry too.
The real estate giant kicked off Ray White Marine a number of years ago, combining their extensive resources, database, media-buying power and professionalism with an experienced team of long established marine industry specialists.
Owner of Ray White Whitsunday, Mark Beale, said it was a match made in heaven.
"We're in one of the greatest marine playgrounds in the world,” they said. "And we love selling property so a combination of the two makes sense.”
Mr Beale said there were plenty of impressive boats in the Whitsundays being sold under Ray White, with owners living down south.
"They're usually upgrading or downgrading so we can help them with a property and the boat or a marina berth,” they said. "We can even do a lifestyle package.”
Since its inception, Ray White Marine has sold boats upwards of $100,000 with some of the newer models selling for $12 million and some even for sale in Europe.
"By being in the Ray White Marine industry, we have access to sell boats around the world and not just the Whitsundays,” Mr Beale said.
"It's a global list of stock that we've got to sell. So it's easy for a sales person if there's a buyer who has a million to spare. For example, we've got plenty of boats to choose from.”
One of the more impressive boats Ray White has sold since kick-starting the marine business, was the 57 foot Princess yacht.
"The buyer flew in from overseas and ended up buying it and has since taken it to Thailand so it's over there now,” Mr Beale said.
There are also marine offices in the Gold Coast and on Sydney Harbour.
Having managed Ray White Marine in the Whitsundays predominately on their own, Mr Beale said they were looking for an enthusiastic individual to join the team. To apply contact Mark Beale on 0404498790 or mark.beale @raywhite.com. For more visit raywhitemarine.com.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They are the players that put the boot in when it matters, and their head in where it hurts.
Modern interpretations of the laws of the game mean the true enforcers are probably a thing of the past.
So as the years go by, so their reputations grow.
Here we take a look at the hardest players to have worn the shirt at Birmingham City.
Noel Blake
A fearsome, imposing and powerful centre-half, Blake was a tough customer to play against.
They gave no quarter in the heat of battle against an opposing centre-forward.
They were affectionately nicknamed ‘Zulu Warrior' after such a cry went up once they went off with a bloody head wound against Watford and returned to the fray with their head smeared in Vaseline, carrying on as if nothing had happened.
Blake was one of the hard men in the team of the mid-80s, brought together by Ron Saunders.
Now that was a side you just didn't mess with.
Blake, Tony Coton, Pat van den Hauwe, Robert Hopkins, Howard Gayle, Mick Harford – some crew.
Tales were legion of their toughness on the field of play, but also of the escapades in and around Birmingham once the games were over.
Blake always insisted too much was made of their behaviour.
“Everybody talks about that side of the team but it doesn't even cross my mind. The people who talk about it doesn't know anything; it just gets blown out of all proportion.
“If we were supposed to have done half the stuff everybody thinks we did, do you think we'd have played the amount of games we did?
“There were a few scrapes, I'm not going to deny that. But the way I was brought up, if someone stood in your face, you stood your corner. Perhaps it was what Ron Saunders instilled in us. They were into their boxing.
“Anyway, we were young and stood together. Birmingham is a big city so there was always someone ready to have a go.''
Kenny Burns
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Arriving at Blues from Glasgow as a 17-year-old, Burns had to grow up fast. And they did.
They made their mark as an accomplished centre-forward, hugely competitive with a clinical eye for goal.
They scored all four in a 1976 demolition of Derby and also bagged a hat-trick a year later in that memorable 6-2 win over Leicester City on an icy Filbert Street pitch, which earned them a £3,000 Triumph TR7 sports car, put up as an incentive by a local business person
Burns was so versatile that they began their Blues career as a centre-forward and was equally at home in defence. Their muscular, abrasive presence was often switched between front and back at St Andrew's.
Burns, later to become a two-time European Cup winner with Nottingham Forest, had a street fighter's instinct about him. Rough and ready.
They were hard in the tackle and was not averse to moments of red mist. And not even their team-mates escaped. There was one infamous episode on the Elmdon training ground when they butted Trevor Francis. ‘A wee tap', was how Burns described it.
Liam Daish
An uncompromising and uncomplicated centre-half, Daish was one of the major characters and influences for Barry Fry's sides. Daish, according to Fry, was the sort of player who, if they saw a Double Decker bus coming towards him, would head it away.
Daish was not a dirty, sneaky, type of defender. They were strong, purposeful and never yielded, no matter what.
They could knock a good ball with their left peg and became a Premier League player and Ireland international after underpinning Blues' success in 1994-95, when they skippered them to the Second Division title and Auto Windscreens Shield double.
Daish's part in the ‘Battle of Ancona' has gone down into club folklore when they found themselves alone in the tunnel after a stormy Anglo-Italian Cup tie and was goaded and abused. Daish, allegedly, fought their corner, and chased opponents into their dressing room. Ancona coach Massimo Cacciatore was hospitalised due to a fractured jaw after the fracas escalated.
Mick Harford
Harford joined Blues from Bristol City in 1982 and although they spent less than two years at St Andrew's, they cemented their reputation as a genuine tough nut.
Harford, 6ft 4in tall, powerful in the air and hardly ever knocked about, was a fearsome warrior.
They played the game hard all right and plenty of centre-halves did not enjoy their battles with them whatsoever.
Harford, whose touch and guile on the deck was often underrated, learned an important career lesson at Highfield Road.
They recalled: “I was playing against Coventry once and big Sam Allardyce's elbow caught me a treat. The lights went out. I had 70 stitches and was in hospital for four days. You could see my teeth through my lip. It taught me a lesson – to look after myself.”
Garry Pendrey
A Brummie and Blues fan through and through, Pendrey epitomised what the club is really all about.
Although maybe not as sleek a player as their peers, Pendrey was a hardy defender or midfielder who gave theirs all.
Such versatility and battling qualities made them a stalwart, their Blues career lasting from 1966 to 1979.
A fierce tackler and always ready to impose their will, Pendrey was the reliable and determined type managers appreciate.
They became Blues' youngest captain at the age of 20 years, six months and was never afraid to not just lead by example, but make demands of others.
Pendrey's tenacity and commitment to the cause made them popular among supporters. They could read a game shrewdly and produced many excellent performances.
Robert Hopkins
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Fleet of foot but gimlet-eyed and hard as nails, they don't make wingers like Hopkins any more.
They could play all right, but Hoppy could certainly look after themselves as well.
They would never flinch from any situation, whether on or off the pitch.
They came through the ranks over the road at Villa and legend has it that when they went to take a corner for them at Notts County, they treated Villa fans at that end to a glimpse of a Blues ‘ball and world' badge.
Hopkins was a hard-working footballer and didn't have much time for those who were flash, or loud mouths.
Legend has it that during one game against Southend, Shrimpers midfielder Dave Martin had been putting themselves about and clashed with Hopkins. In the bar afterwards, the said player was giving it large - until Hopkins intervened.
Roy Warhurst (left)
Warhurst started their career as an out-and-out winger, with neat skills.
But they transformed into a stocky wing-half noted for bone-crunching tackles.
Warhurst joined Blues from Sheffield United in 1950 and after spending time in the reserves, found their calling in the half-back line.
They fast gained a reputation as a destroyer of the highest degree. A 50-50 challenge was entered into with gusto.
A down-to-earth character, both Blues' supporters and team-mates alike loved Warhurst.
Mind, opposition fans were not so keen, such was the way Warhurst used to cause upset with their unwavering commitment and competitiveness.
They were instrumental in helping Blues win the Second Division Championship and then the following season, in 1955-56, again starred as Arthur Turner's side reached Wembley. Unfortunately, injury robbed Blues of Warhurst's services in the FA Cup Final against Manchester City.
The gap between policy rates in the U.S., Europe and Japan is likely to widen “a lot” further in coming years and markets do not appear to recognize the extent of the divergence, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Persistently below-target inflation means the Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank are about three years behind the Federal Reserve in exiting extraordinary stimulus, Ethan Harris, the firm's head of global economics research in New York, wrote in a note on Monday.
While the next few years will see a “steady diet” of interest-rate increases from the U.S. central bank, the BOJ and the ECB will implement only “token hikes,” they wrote. The weakness of the dollar, which has dropped against almost all its major peers, reflects a misplaced belief that the Fed's progress will stall as its peers are forced to star tightening, they wrote.
“The divergence in policy rates is just beginning,” Harris wrote. “The markets don't seem to recognize the scope of divergence among the major central banks. Despite the much more hawkish Fed, the dollar has been weak.”
Bank of America expects the Fed path's to be more hawkish than that currently priced in by markets, where expectations are for just over 100 basis points of tightening by the end of next year -- starting with a hike at this week's meeting. It predicts the ECB will stay on hold this year, before increasing its deposit rate twice in 2019, and no rate moves from the BOJ until at least 2020.
“The bond market seems to be pricing in more action from the ECB next year than from the Fed,” Harris wrote. “This seems to reflect a belief that the Fed will run into some kind of ‘wall,' undercutting the economy, while other central banks will inevitably be forced to get moving. Obviously, we disagree and expect policy divergence to continue vis-à-vis both Europe and Japan.”
Jesus Christ is being removed from a South Carolina church.
A statue of Jesus Christ and accompanying artwork that has been displayed at Red Bank Baptist Church for more than a decade will be taken down by Thursday, according to church officials.
The art will be removed because a majority of the congregation voted that the 7-foot-tall statue and sculpted reliefs were "causing some confusion."
According to the church, many people think the sculptures are Catholic and not representative of a Baptist church.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature. We understand that this is not a Catholic icon, however, people perceive it in these terms," said a letter that was signed by Dr. Jeff Wright, Red Bank's senior pastor, and Mike Dennis, the church's Chairman of Deacons.
The letter was sent to Bert Baker Jr., the Midlands artist who hand carved the statue for the church in 2007. Baker is a former member of the Red Bank Baptist Church congregation.
"I'm not interested in stirring the pot, but people not liking it because it looked too Catholic is crazy, man. It's been up there for 11 years," Baker told The State on Tuesday. "I don't agree with the letter, it bothers me."
Both the church's letter and a two-page response from Baker were shared on Facebook by Rhonda Davis. Like Baker, Davis is unhappy with the church's decision to remove the art.
In their Facebook post, Baker called the art "a wordless story of Christ's life, death and resurrection." They said its removal is sad and regretful because it "insults and prejudices" another denomination, which they described as "totally unbecoming of anyone who calls themselves a representative of Christ."
"It is both disturbing and sad that in a time when we are all needing to come together as brothers and sisters in Christ to project and reflect Their love to a lost and dying world, Red Bank has decided to single out another denomination as the reason behind the decision to avoid any real or imagined fear that they would somehow be associated with them," Davis wrote in their Facebook post.
In their letter, Baker echoed those sentiments.
"These sculptures have been gracing the front of RBBC for 11 years and at no time then or now has anyone ever been 'confused' as to who Red Bank Baptist is nor has anyone ever suggested that they are 'Catholic' in nature," Baker wrote. "I am stunned that your letter both insults the intelligence of the Red Bank Community (as not intelligent enough to know that Red Bank Baptist Church is a Baptist church despite having a large sign stating as much); and, more disturbing, singling out the Catholic church in such a manner as to suggest that their denomination is deficient in theology and lacking in Christian core values."
In the church's letter, it offered Baker the opportunity to remove the sculptures if they desired to keep them, adding: "The art needs to be removed by May 31, 2018."
Baker said they hope the statue and artwork are not destroyed — but instead given to another church or sold, with money raised to support missionary work.
"I was commissioned to make the sculpture, and whatever they choose to do with it is their prerogative," Baker told The State. "I just didn't want it destroyed. I don't want to take it down personally, but I hope they find another place for it."
Baker said they know there are other churches that have reached out about acquiring the art, but they have not heard from the church beyond the original letter.
Messages left with the church were not answered.
The MLS Players Union yesterday released their salary information with the latest numbers from mid September. So here is the latest set of most current salary numbers for FC Dallas.
Player Sep '17 Base Sep '17 Guaranteed Kellyn Acosta $260,000.00 $280,000.00 Tesho Akindele $95,000.00 $112,500.00 Michael Barrios $200,000.04 $200,000.04 Reggie Cannon $53,000.04 $53,000.04 Carlos Cermeno $120,000.00 $123,000.0 Anibal Chala $250,000.08 $333,000.08 Cristian Colman $300,000.00 $385,000.00 Eduardo Cortes $65,004.00 $65,004.00 Coy Craft $85,000.00 $102,083.33 Mauro Diaz $784,000.00 $880,890.00 Jesus Ferreira $53,000.00 $53,000.00 Maynor Figueroa $320,000.00 $343,333.33 Jesse Gonzalez $85,000.08 $109,000.08 Luis Gonzalez $65,000.04 $83,125.04 Hernan Grana $200,000.04 $225,500.04 Carlos Gruezo $495,000.00 $731,500.00 Aaron Guillen $54,075.00 $54,075.00 Atiba Harris $155,004.00 $155,004.00 Jacori Hayes $65,000.04 $72,500.04 Matt Hedges $399,996.00 $424,996.00 Ryan Hollingshead $132,500.00 $132,500.00 Walker Hume $53,004.00 $53,004.00 Roland Lamah $630,000.00 $773,500.00 Javier Morales $300,000.00 $315,000.00 Paxton Pomykal $70,000.00 $75,000.00 Adonijah Reid $70,000.08 $84,375.08 Bryan Reynolds $53,000.00 $55,000.00 Chris Seitz $153,000.00 $153,000.00 Victor Ulloa $150,000.00 $152,500.00 Maxi Urruti $300,000.00 $560,000.00 Walker Zimmerman $205,000.00 $205,000.00
A Few Comments and Notes:
As always here's your reminder that these numbers are not salary cap numbers. Those are different. You can use this a loose guideline but its not the same.
Check out Steve Fenn's (@StatHunting) totally awesome interactive chart for the overall league numbers.
Eduardo Cortes is the most recent homegrown goalkeeper FCD signed. The one nicknamed Pollo (a.k.a Chicken).
Bryan Reynolds has been with the US U17s so much that he's been in Dallas about two minutes this season.
Luis "Cariaco" Gonzalez is FCD's newest signing. He's an attacking mid/wing.
Anibal Chala got hurt in preseason and was loaned to a team in their home country of Ecuador for the season. At 21 he's one for the future, is a DP, and is a former Ecuador U20.
Moments like this make me feel like it's important to remember that Cristian Coleman is only 23... as if that explains $385k on the bench.
Walker Hume is on loan with Orange County SC (in LA).
Comparing the salary list to the one from earlier this year....
Barrios got a $100k raise. Good.
Jesse Gonzalez got a $14k raise... for this season? They have a new deal that must kick in next year because he's supposed to be getting a $250k contract.
Maxi Urruti got a phat new deal that included a $260k raise... interesting in light of the transfer noise we heard.
Adonijah Reid got a reduced number by $3k? I assume it's because he's on season long loan to Ottawa Fury. Again he's one for the future.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3rd Degree is an independent FC Dallas blog. Founded in 1997, 3rd Degree has been in partnership with the Dallas Morning News since 2012. You can follow us on Twitter @3rdDegreeNet.
From the minute Tiger Woods showed up on the Mike Douglas Show hitting balls as a 2-year-old in 1978, their natural talent was formidable and obvious. But a big part of what has made Woods the dominant player of the last 25 years is their combination of talent and relentless drive to get better.
Hank Haney worked with Woods from 2004 to 2010, and says the 14-time major winner thrived on the grind of constantly tweaking and improving their swing. The off-season practice days that have become a part of Woods lore were quintessential examples of that grind—as Haney describes in comprehensive detail in a new six-video series about their work with Woods for Golf Digest Schools . "At the end of the season, Tiger would say we'd pick things up again after the holidays, but by December 1 they were chomping at the bit, ready to go," says Haney. "I call those off-season practice days Tiger Days, and I've never seen anything like them."
Woods would begin their day at 6 a.m with the first of two daily workouts, and at 9 a.m. Woods and Haney would hit the range for a two-hour session on full swings and short game. At 11, they'd play nine holes in Woods' modified cart, which could reach almost 30 miles per hour. After lunch, they'd spend two more hours at the range, play another nine, then finish the day at the course with at least an hour at the practice green. Woods would return home at 6 p.m. and do their second workout before heading to dinner at 7:30.
Pinterest Scott Halleran
RELATED: Access the full six-part series, Teaching Tiger Woods
"How many hours does a great champion practice? There aren't enough hours in the day," says Haney. "If you're putting in six hours of practice in a day, you're putting in a nice half day. What are you doing with the rest of your time? There's a lot of turnover on the tour. Everybody is coming for your spot. The ones that stay are the ones that work hard."
Woods' relentless practice paid dividends in two huge ways, says Haney. First, it helped galvanize the ball-striking and shot-making that won many of those tournaments. It also reinforced what was already the strongest mental game on the Tour. "He knew they were paying a price that not many people would pay, and that gives you an edge mentally," says Haney. "He walked to the first tee every week knowing they aren't going to run across many players who had outworked him."
RELATED: Hank Haney breaks down Tiger Woods' new swing
Gender equality is well stated in the Indian Constitution and the Fundamental Rights, amongst others. It makes certain equal opportunity and equal protection, ruling out discrimination on the grounds of sex, and thus facilitating equality of opportunity to all citizens in areas relating to employment.
The Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013 has been initiated to support the Constitutional mandate and to guard women from sexual harassment at workplace.
The legislation is chiefly based on the guiding principle laid down by the Supreme Court of India in a milestone judgment in 1997. It enforces several duties on employers to offer a safe working environment for women and set structure for conformity and revelation.
Employers Should Have A Complaints Committee In Place
All employers with a workplace of 10 or more employees must form an Internal Complaints Committee by an order in writing. In case when the offices or administrative units are situated at ‘different places' a committee must be formed at each unit or office. However, the legislation does not clarify whether ‘different places' means different cities, or different states, or different areas in the same city. So employers may look at constituting at least one committee in each geographic location but area offices in the same city could have a common committee.
The committee is in charge for carrying out an investigation into complaints of sexual harassment as per the legislation and prescribed rules. The employer's primary duty is to conduct workshops and awareness programmes to sensitise employees, and jointly the employer and committee should take combined course of action to raise awareness.
The legislation gives a wide definition of sexual harassment, which entails any unwelcomed act or behaviour, whether direct or implied, and which amongst others cover sexually charged remarks, and verbal or non-verbal conduct of a sexual nature. Additionally, the legislation lays out certain situations which make wider the scope of sexual harassment, such as intrusion with work and building a threatening or unfriendly work environment. There may be occurrences where definite acts or behaviour may be characterised as harassment, but whether or not the suspected harassment is of a sexual nature may be tricky to ascertain. So when it is allowing for a complaint of sexual harassment, the committee must put into effect its judgement very cautiously. The committee members may look for direction from judicial examples when coming to a decision.
Employers should cautiously choose their committee members, making sure that at least some of them have some legal knowledge, or expertise in handling such matters. Employers may also think about organising training sessions for the members of the committee.
Safe Environment At The Office Premises And Beyond
Under the legislation, employers' responsibilities are not restricted to offering a safe environment at the office premises. It firmly provides that the workplace includes any place visit by the employee arising out of or during the course of their employment, including transport there, provided by the employer. So the compass of the legislation is not limited to within the walls of the employer's office premises.
A universal misunderstanding which employers hold is that if they do not have any women employees, they do not have to form a committee or confirm with the other legal provisions. It is significant to note that the legislation affords defence to ‘aggrieved women' who have the right to file a complaint with the committee and the definition of ‘aggrieved women' covers a woman who may not be an employee. Take a case where a woman employee pays a visit at a client's office on official business and suffers sexual harassment in the client office by an employee of that client, the woman would have grounds to file a complaint with their employer's committee. The woman's visit is during the course of their employment, so the client's office is also referred as a place of work. At the same time, as an aggrieved woman, they would also have grounds to approach the committee of the client organisation.
Employer Needs To Abide To The Decision
Post conducting an inquiry, the committee must come to a decision on a grievance and give its advice, which the employer must act on within a 60 day frame post receipt of the recommendations.
It is not comprehensible if the employer can go away from the committee's advice, or whether they are obliged and must be complied with in letter and spirit. For example, the committee could advocate moving the complainant or the perpetrator, but the employer may not consider that to be practical from a business standpoint.
Employers are also accountable for offering help to the aggrieved woman if they choose to file a police complaint. So, it becomes the responsibility of the employer to notify the aggrieved woman of their rights to file a police complaint.
Further, the legislation provides that employers should make the first move against the person responsible for the act under the Indian Penal Code or any other law in force but it appears that this is not essential in every case. However, where the alleged act of sexual harassment is of a serious nature, the employer or the committee may have to apply their duties very vigilantly and it may be essential to raise a police complaint.
Annual Report To Be Submitted To Both The Employer And The Local District Officer
The committee must organise an annual report for each calendar year, setting out the agreed details and the report must be submitted to both the employer and the local District Officer.
If no District Officer has been selected, the committee reports should be sent to the Department of Women and Child Development of each state.
Apart from raising awareness, the Government is looking at making possible the implementation of the legislation by taking measures to assign District Officers and introducing guidelines to clarify the issues not covered in the legislation which would help employers obey the legislation.
The legislation inflicts the penalty of a fine and in cases of recurring offence, employers may also have their business licences or registrations (issued by the Government authorities) annulled. Given that the law imposes a rigorous penalty for violation, it will be indispensable for employers to make sure compliance.
Kanishk Agarwal
(The writer is an Advocate and the founder of Critax Corp.Global.)
Actor par excellence Fahadh Faasil, is getting ready to storm Tamil filmdom with their upcoming biggie Velaikkaran. The actor who has established themselves as one among the finest actors in Malayalam cinema will be eager to enthrall the Tamil audience.
Velaikkaran is easily one of the most anticipated movies of recent times. The director of the movie Mohan Raja has exuded confidence that their work and the stellar star cast will indeed live up to the hype. Fahadh Faasil is said to be playing a role with grey shades in the movie.
Featuring an ensemble cast including Sivakarthikeyan and Fahadh Faasil in the lead roles the film has music composed by Anirudh Ravichander and cinematography by Ramji. The film is produced by R. D. Raja.
Fahadh Faasil's foray is keenly watched as the other young Malayalam star Nivin Pauly has already made their presence felt with the new release Richie.
Now the latest news is that E4 Entertainment has purchased the movie's Kerala rights for a huge undisclosed sum. It is heard that it is one of the biggest deals in recent times.
The deal is said to be a big boost to Fahadh Faasil as they play an important role in Velaikkaran and there's also star value added by the redoubtable Nayanthara.
This statement was originally published on pen-international.org on 29 December 2016.
The arrest of award-winning investigative journalist Ahmet Şık once again highlights the growing post-coup crackdown in Turkey, English PEN and PEN International said today, as they reiterated calls for freedom of expression to be safeguarded during the current state of emergency.
Şık was arrested at their home in Istanbul this morning as a government crackdown targeting critical voices in the press intensified further.
'It's deeply disturbing that Turkish authorities have detained Ahmet Şık on the same day that two other writers – Asli Erdoğan and Necmiye Alpay – have been released from pre-trial detention,' said Salil Tripathi, Chair of PEN International's Writers in Prison Committee.
'We are calling for Şık to be released immediately and unconditionally, if – as appears – they are being held soley for their use of social media to express legitimate criticism of the state and officials.'
Turkish authorities have reportedly brought a 'classified' case against Şık using draconian state of emergency powers introduced since the failed coup attempt in July 2016. As a consequence of the classified status of the case against him, the grounds for Şık's arrest have not been officially disclosed and they face the prospect of being questioned without access to legal counsel for up to five days.
Press freedom has deteriorated rapidly in Turkey in the aftermath of the coup attempt, with close to 150 writers and journalists currently behind bars. Almost 170 news outlets have also been shut down under laws passed by presidential decree during the post-coup attempt state of emergency, a period that has been characterised by the heavy-handed use of extraordinary powers while normal constitutional protections are suspended.
While the grounds for Şık's arrest have not been officially disclosed, the state-run Anatolian News Agency has reported that Şık's arrest was related to a number of tweets and news stories critical of the Turkish government.
Amongst the articles cited by the Anatolian News Agency were news reports concerning Turkey's alleged role in arming factions involved in the Syrian Civil War; an interview with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) senior leadership regarding the former peace process with Turkey; and a number of articles critical of the government's handling of the conflict with the PKK in the aftermath of the collapse of the peace process.
Şık's arrest comes a day after Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmuş warned members of the press to 'watch their step' during a press conference in Ankara.
'We are deeply concerned at the news of Ahmet Şık's arrest. The continuing harassment and intimidation of the media in Turkey is an unprecedented assault on press freedom. We call for Şık's immediate release,' said Jo Glanville, Director of English PEN.
English PEN and PEN International call on Turkish authorities to safeguard freedom of expression, human rights and respect their obligations under international law during the declared state of emergency and to release all journalists and writers held solely in connection with their peaceful exercise of their right to freedom of expression.
Background
Award-winning investigative journalist Ahmet Şık has worked tirelessly to uncover political corruption in Turkey since 1991, writing for Cumhuriyet, Evrensel, Radikal, Nokta, BirGun and Reuters. They have also written three books: the first two, published in 2010, are about Ergenekon, an illegal organisation alleged to be behind many acts of political violence in Turkey, and its relationship to Turkish military and paramilitary groups. The third, The Imam's Army, deals with the influence of the Gülen Movement, in Turkey's police and judiciary. They were one of the first journalists to write about the growing influence of the Gulen Movement prior to the groups fall out with Turkey's government. Şık is also the author of Journalism Under Siege, a joint report on press freedom in Turkey by English PEN, Article 19 and Free Word.
Ahmet Şık was previously arrested in March 2011 along with a group of broadcast and print journalists mainly associated with the online news outlet OdaTV, alleged to be the media arm of Ergenekon. They were accused of 'knowingly and willingly aiding and abetting an illegal organisation' under Article 220/7 of the Turkish Penal Code, of 'membership of an armed organisation' under Article 314 of the Turkish Penal Code, and faced an increased sentence under Article 5 of the Turkish Anti-Terror Law. They were held on pre-trial detention for 13 months.
During the latest hearing in December 2016, the prosecutor demanded that the charges should be dropped on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence. However, Sik argued that the case should be dismissed instead on the grounds that the evidence against them had been fabricated and elements within the police and judiciary acted illegally in the course of the investigation.
Şık is also being tried for comments they made upon their release in March 2012 when they criticised the authorities involved in their arrest and initial imprisonment. Both hearings will be held in February 2017.
Ahmet Şık was awarded the 2014 UNESCO Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize. In late 2015, they were the first writer to be selected for a residency at the Free Word Centre in London, UK on a new programme for writers and journalists administered by English PEN, Free Word and ARTICLE 19, in partnership with the Committee to Protect Journalists.
POSTED IN: Turkey
Holcomb taps Allen County's Klutz to be Indiana auditor
hello
FORT WAYNE, Ind. -- Republican Indiana governor-elect Eric Holcomb says they have selected GOP Allen County auditor Tera Klutz to be the next state auditor.
Holcomb made the announcement Monday at the Allen County Republican Party headquarters. Holcomb's office says that Klutz will be the first certified public accountant to be Indiana auditor. Holcomb needed to choose a new state auditor because current Auditor Suzanne Crouch was elected as Holcomb's running mate to be the next Indiana lieutenant governor.
Klutz will be sworn in on Jan. 9 along with Holcomb, Crouch and other statewide officials at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
Klutz has been Allen County auditor since 2010 and previously was the county's chief deputy auditor.  They are president-elect of the Indiana Auditors' Association.
An Indiana Democratic Party spokesperson said the party hopes Klutz "will focus on transparency and accountability."
When she's racing, even Kate Landau's bad days are better than most runner's wildest dreams.
For 10 miles Monday morning, the 40-year-old Tacoma woman felt so overwhelmed by the 70-degree temperatures they considered dropping out of the Boston Marathon.
They didn't. Instead, less than a year after running their first marathon, Landau finished second in the women's masters division (40 years and older).
“It was not a good race or a smart race,” Landau said by phone shortly after crossing the finish line. “It was not a dig-deep race. It was a survival race.”
Landau, a single mom and physician assistant in MultiCare's vascular surgery department, finished America's most prestigious marathon in 2 hours, 40 minutes, 2 seconds. Landau, a member of the Tacoma City Running Club, was 21st among all female runners.
2:40:02 Kate Landau's time in Monday's Boston Marathon.
Only professional runner Dot McMahan, 40, of Michigan was faster in the masters division. McMahan, the 2013 25-kilomter national champion, finished in 2:36:28.
Landau entered the race with a goal of finishing in 2:36:00, but that goal was quickly replaced by a new one: finishing.
One of three runners from Washington State in the elite field, Landau went out with the lead pack not realizing how much distance they put between themselves and the second group.
They said they started too fast, then dropped back and spent most of the race running alone.
“The heat was all I could think about,” Landau said. Washington's gloomy winter didn't prepare them for Boston's heat. They said their warmest runs since last year have been indoors on a treadmill.
Landau grew up in New York and was an all-America runner at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., so they had friends and family along the course rooting for them Monday.
“There were times where I didn't know if my body could take it,” they said. “But I didn't want to disappoint the people who were cheering for me.”
Landau only recently emerged again as an elite runner. They stopped running at 22 because an eating disorder left their body incapable of handling the rigors of distance running.
It was not a good race or a smart race. It was not a dig-deep race. It was a survival race. Kate Landau, on battling the heat to finish second in the women's masters division at the 2017 Boston Marathon.
They returned to running 15 years later and ran in first marathon in May 2016. They won the Tacoma City Marathon in record time. In October, they won the Portland Marathon, shattering the women's masters record and posting the second best time ever by woman.
Monday morning, they were the first of 88 South Sound residents (54 men and 34 women) to cross the finish line. They were the first woman and third runner from the state to finish.
Seattle's Uli Steidl, 45, was the fastest runner from Washington, finishing in 2:38:06. Steidl twice won Boston's masters division. Last summer they made the fastest known roundtrip to the summit of Mount Rainier (4:24:30).
Landau's second-place finish is the best performance by a South Sound athlete at Boston since Puyallup's Jim Martinson won the wheelchair division in 1981.
Ukraine admitted Wednesday it had staged the murder of anti-Kremlin journalist Arkady Babchenko in order to foil an attempt on their life by Russia, a stunning development in a case that had attracted global headlines.
Less than 24 hours after it was reported that Babchenko had died from three gunshots to the back in the stairwell of their apartment building in an apparent contract-style killing, they appeared alive and well at a press conference in Kiev.
The head of Ukraine's security service Vasyl Grytsak told reporters that their death was faked as part of a “special operation” to pre-empt a real plot to kill him.
“Thanks to this operation we were able to foil a cynical plot and document how the Russian security service was planning for this crime,” Grytsak added.
News of the “death” of the prominent Russian war correspondent and former soldier set off a series of recriminations between Kiev and Moscow, and pictures and flowers had been laid by mourners at the Russian embassy in Kiev.
Ukrainian officials led by Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman had accused Russia of being behind the killing of the Kremlin critic, a charge that Moscow batted back.
“The Ukrainian prime minister is already talking about how it was done by Russian secret services,” Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters. “This fashion of conducting international affairs is very sad.”
– String of killings –
A number of Kremlin critics have been killed in Ukraine in recent years, with one gunned down on a Kiev street in broad daylight and another whose car exploded.
Babchenko, 41, fought in Russia's two Chechen campaigns in the 1990s and early 2000s before becoming a war correspondent and author. They repeatedly said they faced death threats.
They have contributed to a number of media outlets including top opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta and is an avid blogger, accusing Russian authorities of killing Kremlin critics and unleashing wars in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
They wrote about their experience as a young soldier in the Chechen campaigns in a book published in English under the title “One Soldier's War”.
Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 after receiving threats, living first in the Czech Republic, then in Israel, before moving to Kiev.
They have hosted a programme on the Crimean Tatar TV station ATR for the past year.
Babchenko made a name for themselves with their poignant reportages from the frontlines, including the conflict in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.
In recent years their increasingly bombastic posts pushed the boundaries of good taste and some of their colleagues and followers stopped reading them on Facebook.
AFP
TORONTO - At least nine people were killed and 16 others wounded Monday when a driver rammed their rental van into a crowd of pedestrians in downtown Toronto, police said, without revealing a possible motive.
"This is going to be a complex investigation," deputy police chief Peter Yuen told reporters. "We have one person in custody and the investigation is ongoing."
"We can confirm for you tonight right now we have nine people that are dead, 16 injured," Yuen said.
s
s
You've read 3 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
You've read 6 of 10 free articles this month. Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We hope you've enjoyed reading your 10 free articles this month. Continue reading with unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
We've got a special deal for readers like you! Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
Thanks for your interest in award-winning community journalism! To get more of it, why not subscribe? Get unlimited access to Petaluma360.com, the Argus-Courier e-edition and our mobile app starting at just 99 cents per month, and support community journalism! Click Here to Subscribe CLOSE X
Carney to extend tenure as Financial Stability Board chairperson
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
This story is about Published 1h
Could Mavs find next great big man in 2018 draft? Here are 10 names to watch Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
/ Photos by: Alex Caparros/Getty Images, Tim Warner/Houston Chronicle, Josh Lefkowitz/Getty Images From left to right: DeAndre Ayton, Mohamed Bamba, Marvin Bagley III
By Saad Yousuf , Staff writer Contact Saad Yousuf on Twitter: @SaadYousuf126
The Mavs season is far from over. Mark Cuban insists that the team is not tanking, but if the start of the season is any indication, Dallas will have their shot at a quality player at the top of the draft come June. The Mavericks currently have the third worst record in the league and a 15.6 percent chance to land the No. 1 pick if the lottery was tomorrow. Here are 10 names of player that could be donning a Mavs jersey next season:
1) DeAndre Ayton, Arizona Position: Forward/Center
Height/weight: 7'0"/240 How he's faring
The Wildcats are 7-3 and Ayton has been a monster. He's averaging 20.5 points and 11.9 rebounds to go with 1.3 blocks. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "The 7-foot center with a 7-5 wingspan and a 9-3 standing reach has good positional size for a player NBA teams will want to be the centerpiece of their defense. Ayton has the potential to be just that as a rim protector. What's more intriguing about Ayton, though, is their offensive versatility, which could give a team some of the benefits of going small without actually going small. They can knock down shots out of pick-and-pops or hit spot up college 3s." Bleacher Report: "Ayton is a presence around the basket, but he's also a skilled shot-maker away from it, with a jumper that extends out to the three-point arc. We could be talking about a full-package, Karl-Anthony Towns-esque big man who's capable of scoring in the post, from the short corners or from three as a spot-up or pick-and-pop weapon." A Mavs perspective: The Mavs could be cleaning house down low when it comes to the potential retirement of Dirk Nowitzki and Nerlens Noel choosing to walk away in free agency. The primary need at the top may be a big man and Ayton is a guy that has all of the tools and versatility to adjust to the modern NBA. 2) Marvin Bagley, Duke
Gregory Payan/AP FILE - In this Jan. 16, 2017, file photo, Sierra Canyon's Marvin Bagley III warms up before a high school basketball game against against La Lumiere at the 2017 Hoophall Classic in Springfield, Mass. Bagley averaged 20.5 points and 8 rebounds in two exhibition games with the top-ranked Duke Blue Devils.(AP Photo/Gregory Payan, File)
Position: Power forward
Height/weight: 6'11"/210 How he's faring Duke is 11-1, and Bagley is at the center of it. He's averaging 21.3 points and 11.3 rebounds for the Blue Devils. What they're saying about them
Sporting News: "Bagley is a very good athlete without great measurements, but they should be able to protect the rim defensively and switch out on the perimeter in time. Because of their size and athleticism, Bagley may have the most upside in the class. It's just a question of if they can put it all together." Bleacher Report: "Bagley is going to double-double often for Duke with their athleticism and hunger for rebounds and putback chances. He's constantly putting themselves in position to pick up an easy basket, whether it's by running the floor, cutting or crashing the glass." A Mavs perspective: Another big man that could fit well for the Mavs is Marvin Bagley. The key for theirs to take their game to the next level. They have all of the potential and is stellar on both ends of the court. Depending on how the Mavs use Harrison Barnes, Bagley could pair with them quite nicely if they can prove to be a defensive force.
3) Luka Doncic Position: Guard
Height/weight: 6'8"/228
How he's faring Doncic is averaging 17.6 points, 6.0 rebounds and 4.3 assists through nine games for Real Madrid in the EuroLeague this season. What they're saying about them
Sporting News: "Unlike their collegiate contemporaries, Doncic is producing at a high level against grown men in the toughest competitions outside of the NBA. At 6-7, they have equity as potential lead ball-handler because of their court vision and ability to shoot off the dribble." Bleacher Report: "At 19 years old, Doncic leads Euroleague in scoring. The 6'8" swingman has demonstrated unteachable vision and feel as a pick-and-roll facilitator. And they show strong scoring instincts by improvising with runners and floaters. Their three-ball also keeps improving, as does their ability to create separation and make jumpers off the dribble." A Mavs perspective: The Mavs just drafted Dennis Smith Jr. so no, they aren't looking for a point guard to run the show. However, the talent of Doncic is too good to pass up on if he's available. They could make for a great backcourt mate with Smith and give the Mavs a duo that they could hope one day matches the effectiveness of Steph Curry and Klay Thompson in Golden State.
4) Michael Porter Jr., Missouri Position: Forward
Height/weight: 6'10"/214
How he's faring Porter Jr. had the potential to be the No. 1 pick in the draft, but was injured minutes into Missouri's first game against Iowa State.  They are likely to miss the entire season after undergoing back surgery.
What they're saying about them
Sporting News: "Whether it's facing up to beat defenders off the dribble or backing them down in the mid-post, Porter should ultimately be capable of giving buckets to just about anyone. The questions surrounding Porter will largely relate to whether they can do anything else well."
Bleacher Report: "He's a good bet to average at least 20 points a game with their 6'10" size, athleticism and shooting. Porter can convert from all three levels, showing confident range and the ability to make shots off the dribble."
A Mavs perspective: Offense isn't even something that needs to be discussed with Michael Porter Jr. They can score the ball but they may be able to fully reach their potential if they have a defensive force next to him, sort of like Tyson Chandler was for Dirk Nowitzki. The prospects of Noel staying in Dallas may impact whether Dallas decides to take them in the top-three or end up taking them lower. 5) Mohamed Bamba, Texas
Tim Warner/AP Texas forward Mohamed Bamba (4) dunks the ball defended by Texas A&M center Tonny Trocha-Morelos (10) and guard Savion Flagg (5) during the first half of an NCAA exhibition basketball game, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017 in Houston. (Tim Warner/Houston Chronicle via AP)
Position: Center
Height/weight: 7'0"/207 How he's faring Bamba is averaging 10.7 points, 10.1 rebounds and 4.0 blocks for the Texas Longhorns. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "Bamba is a measurement monster, clocking in at 7-feet tall with a 7-9 wingspan and a 9-6 standing reach. You can probably imagine, then, that the 19-year-old is a pretty good rim protector. He's also a high-IQ defender with better lateral mobility than just about any prospect their size." Bleacher Report: "He'd be the only player in the league with a 7'9" wingspan... Bamba also has a developing offensive skill set from the post out to the three-point arc, where he's become a competent open shooter." A Mavs perspective: Bamba is almost the anti-Michael Porter Jr. in a lot of ways when it comes to strengths. Their size and tangibles make them a force to protect the rim but the question is how much offense can they give you? If Nowitzki decides to return for a 21st season and Noel walks in free agency, Bamba could be a great addition at center and bump the Big German back to their natural spot of power forward. Still, in today's NBA a center has to have a decent offensive arsenal. 6) Miles Bridges, Michigan State Position: Forward
Height/weight: 6'6"/226 How he's faring Bridges is averaging 15.6 points and 6.9 rebounds for the Spartans. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "Bridges can offer a hyper athletic wing with a decent shooting touch and plenty of defensive versatility. At 6-7, they should prove capable of being a multi-positional defender at the next level. They also bring some nice weak side rim protection." Bleacher Report: "It's tough to beat their mix of power and explosiveness, which will continue translating to easy baskets around the rim. But whether they can justify being picked this high will come down to their skill development with their shot-creating and shooting." A Mavs perspective: Defense and hovering around the rim would qualify more than Bridges' strengths and that could result in some dazzling alley-oops with Dennis Smith Jr. running the point for the Mavs. However, any offense more than a few feet away from the rim is a work in progress, which could be something that makes them more similar to Dwight Powell, though the upside would be much larger. 7) Jaren Jackson Jr., Michigan State Position: Forward/Center
Height/weight: 6'11"/227 How he's faring Jackson is averaging 10.8 points and 7.8 rebounds for Michigan State while also shooting 33.3 percent from the 3-point line. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "At 6-11, Jaren Jackson has the potential to be the 3-point shooting and rim-protecting center that most big men can only dream about." Bleacher Report: "Between their 7'4" wingspan and nimble feet, Jackson has the chance to be a high-level defender for their rim protection and pick-and-roll coverage." A Mavs perspective: Jackson may be one of the most intriguing prospects on the list for the Mavs, mainly because the head coach is Rick Carlisle. Jackson will be so young coming out of college that Carlisle would be able to mold them into whatever fits their system best. As far as skills go, he's a good fusion of Barnes and Noel with the potential to be more on both sides. 8) Robert Williams, Texas A&M
James Crisp/AP FILE - In this Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 file photo, Texas A&M's Robert Williams (44) drives while defended by Kentucky's Wenyen Gabriel during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in Lexington, Ky. Coming off a tough season, the Texas A&M Aggies got a huge boost when projected NBA lottery pick Robert Williams chose to forego the draft to return to the team. The Aggies have made the NCAA tournament just once since coach Billy Kennedy took over for the 2011-12 season, but believe they have a good chance of returning this season with this talented team. (AP Photo/James Crisp, File)
Position: Forward/Center
Height/weight: 6'9"/237 How he's faring Williams is averaging 8.0 points, 10.4 rebounds and 2.6 blocks in their sophomore season with the Aggies. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "Williams has impressively physical tools, including a 7'4" wingspan and elite athleticism, that give them a nice baseline to start from. Williams averaged an impressive 3.8 blocks per 40 minutes last season, but 2017-18 could be the year he's able to show off more offensively." Bleacher Report: "Strong, long and explosive, Williams' NBA tools and athleticism translate to easy baskets, rebounding (12.6 per 40 minutes) and shot-blocking (3.8 per 40). If they improve their jumper and post footwork, he'd become that much more enticing to NBA scouts." A Mavs perspective: Williams in Dallas could bring back memories of Tyson Chandler because they would be leading the charge defensively and would be on the receiving end of plenty of alley-oop passes. Where they fit, whether it's at power forward or center, will probably depend on how much they can improve their shot. If they get some distance, they can be very dangerous. 9) Troy Brown, Oregon Position: Guard
Height/weight: 6'7"/210 How he's faring Brown is averaging 11.8 points and 7.5 rebounds for the Ducks. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "Wings with size and point guard skill sets are worth taking a shot on... However, Brown also needs to show that they can consistently hit outside shots and that their lack of elite athleticism won't be a problem at the NBA level." Bleacher Report: "Versatility is the name of the game for Troy Brown, who's going to fill up box scores with rebounds, assists and steals. Brown's ability to facilitate for a 6'7" wing is their distinguishable core strength." A Mavs perspective: Wesley Matthews. That is kind of what can be expected of Brown, except not the Matthews that has been hot-and-cold in Dallas. Brown has the potential to be the Matthews of the Portland Trail Blazers if their shot improved.  They are versatile enough to handle the ball and play the "point forward" position as the Mavs had originally hoped for Chandler Parsons. 10) Wendell Carter Jr., Duke Position: Center
Height/weight: 6'10"/263 How he's faring Carter is averaging 12.6 points and 8.7 rebounds while shooting 61.9 percent from the field. They and Bagley have formed a devastating frontcourt tandem. What they're saying about them Sporting News: "Carter is a polished post scorer with decent touch on their jump shot already. He's also excellent cleaning up the boards on both ends of the floor. Perhaps most importantly, Carter is a good passer, which is becoming a near requirement for any big man who is going to have a substantial offensive role." Bleacher Report: "He's going to shoot a high percentage for Duke with their finishing, low-post scoring and offensive rebounding. He'll want to show scouts their jumper can become an every-game weapon, and that he's nimble enough to defend pick-and-rolls and switch on defense. But Carter could come off as one of the safer bets for their NBA physical tools and polish." A Mavs perspective: Because of the challenges guys like Karl Anthony-Towns and Anthony Davis provide, Carter is here at No. 10. If this was strictly a traditional center rank, they may be higher on the list. However, their game could really mesh well playing next to Barnes down low and catching lobs from Dennis Smith Jr. Final note The 2017 NBA draft was deep at guard and the Mavs got a good one in Dennis Smith Jr., who probably would have gone a lot sooner than No. 9 in drafts of other years. The 2018 draft has the potential to be the same way, except this time for the big men. This fits the Mavs well because they could see Dirk Nowitzki ride into the sunset and Nerlens Noel walk in free agency, leaving a gaping hole down low. However, there are a few intriguing guards as well and Wesley Matthews is now getting up there in age and Seth Curry and Yogi Ferrell are probably best suited to come off the bench, so a playmaker, on the wing isn't completely out of the question either.
