T the untrained eye there's nothing remarkable about the A44 autobahn in central Germany, the motorway that links the industrial and heavily-populated Rhine-Ruhr region to the country's heartland.
But just near to the small town of Buren the road, ever so subtly, begins to change to serve its secret — and chilling — second purpose.
At this spot, the A44 doubles up as a secret military runway ready and waiting for war to be declared.
Called highway strips, these motorways have been specifically designed so if a country's air bases are taken out, fighter jets can still take to the skies.
Subtle as they are, the signs are there.
The road's usual gentle curves die away replaced by dead straight carriageways; the grassy median strip disappears uncovering a centre runway line. And, off to the side, what looks like a large car park is actually an aircraft parking bay.
Germany is not alone in having highway strips. They also exist, equally unnoticed, in Switzerland, Poland, Singapore, Taiwan and Finland.
Australia too has a small number or roads that, in just moments, can be turned into runways.
The latest country to sign up to roads-turned-runways is India. Last year, the country's transport minister Nitin Gadkari said they could be a boon for civilian air travel.
“We can close road traffic when a plane lands and open once the plane has taken off. Airport investment costs would come down as the road will also be used as an airstrip,” they said.
But Srikanth Ramakrishnan, a journalist with Swarajya magazine, pondered whether a military use was more likely. Indeed, in 2015, an Indian Mirage jet successfully landed on a motorway outside Delhi.
“In the border areas in Arunachal Pradesh [province], which Gadkari has mentioned in their plan, airstrips could be built for the air force to use in case of, say, a Chinese incursion.”
First established during the Cold War, highway strips took advantage of Germany's pioneering autobahn network.
War planes could be parked in bushes, next to the highway, ready to take off in minutes.
In 1984, NATO forces commandeered an entire autobahn, near Ahlhorn in north west Germany, for 48 hours.
A mobile air traffic control tower was wheeled in as Hercules transporters and Tornado jets practised their landing skills just meters from an overpass.
Finland annually tests out the runway rigour of its freeways. Last year, it even invited the Swedes to land some of their planes on a main road north of Helsinki.
The Finns haven't just modified their highways for planes, their planes have modifications that suit highways.
“[The aircraft's] folding wings have turned out as a useful feature during taxi on narrow roads,” remarked the Finnish air force.
The country can also install arrestor strips on highways, tough wires that can hook onto fighters bringing them to a halt in just 300 metres.
In Australia too, some roads are not what they seem.
Head out towards Broken Hill on the Silver City Highway and out of the desert appears what looks to be a pedestrian crossing.
In fact, it's the markings at the beginning of a runway. To the left is a telltale oddly large car park.
In just about as remote place as you can get, $5 million has been spent by the NSW Government to build a road runway.
But, unlike in Europe and Asia, this highway strip has a more benign purpose — it's an emergency landing area for the Royal Flying Doctor Service (RFDS).
It's also hardly a secret with large signs warning of fast approaching aircraft.
The airstrip can be used 24/7 in all conditions and means residents who had previously travelled up to two and a half hours to get to a hospital can reach help faster.
“Previously the RFDS had to land on unsealed airstrips on isolated properties with property owners bearing the cost of maintaining the landing area,” then Roads Minister Duncan Gay said at the airstrip's opening in 2015. “This is a better solution that is safer and far more reliable.”
A spokesperson for the RFDS told news.com.au that turning a highway into a makeshift runway was relatively easy as the aircraft they used were far lighter than commercial or military planes
“You just need a properly sealed road surface but you do need an extra sealed area next to the road to turn round the aircraft,” they said.
However, at the end of the day, roads are not runways.
“You need to be able to warn motorists as even though it's quite remote you don't want a plane landing as you're driving,” they said. “So we have police officers on hand to stop the traffic.”
Pilots prefer to only land on the road runways during daytime hours due to the lack of landing lights, “but it is possible to light the road in an emergency — by burning loo rolls [and lining them along the road]”.
The WA Government has gone as far as publishing guidelines as to what roads make a good runway.
They should be generally flat, with no objects nearby more than 45 meters above the ground, no intersections, a low risk of flooding and no cattle grids.
Residential areas should be avoided, the advice states. Although, this is clearly not an issue for the heavily built city state of Singapore which conducted exercises late last year landing fighter jets on urban streets.
It took 48 hours to remove the road's lamp posts, traffic lights, bus stops, road signs and guard rails.
“110 airman and women converted the 2.5km and just 24m wide Lim Chu Kang Road into a runway. And included a mobile air traffic control tower, runway lights, distance markers and arrestor gear for fighter planes to hook and stop in time.
“Easy to say but hard to do,” said Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen in November.
But while some roads might be ready and waiting to be secret military runways, there are a few rare cases where military runways have become actual roads.
Ross Smith Avenue in Darwin is unusually wide, long and straight for a small suburban street. That's because it used to be the runway for the city's airport before it moved to its current digs
If you look very carefully, down a side street, you can still spy the Qantas hanger.
This story originally appeared on news.com.au
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – Boardman Local Schools is having a “State of the Schools” meeting to discuss an emergency levy going on the May ballot.
At Tuesday's meeting, staff plans to share their plans to trim $500,000 from the budget and make even more cuts if the levy fails.
“Eighty percent of what we do is people. We try to take a scalpel out and cut $1 million out,” said Superintendent Tim Saxton. “It's going to affect personnel. We're looking at 12 teaching positions being eliminated. That sounds like, ‘Oh, not bad,' but those are programs dismantled, reduced, gutted. Boardman Schools won't look the same.”
The meeting will be at 6:30 p.m. in the Boardman High School Cafeteria.
Stick with WYTV on air and online for the latest.
Royal Connaught – profile Royalty is coming back to Hamilton
Built in 1914 by the Pigott Construction Company and designed by Harry Frost, the Royal Connaught was a thirteen story building in downtown Hamilton and first opened in 1916. It served as a popular destination for entertaining royalty, politicians, and famous people from around the world.
Throughout the 1950s, the hotel was known as the “hottest spot in town”, hosting lavish events from formal banquets to exclusive concerts. Several dignified guests to the hotel include former prime minister Pierre Trudeau, Paul McCartney and Al Capone.
During the 1990s, the hotel was sold multiple times and ultimately faced various financial issues. In 2008, the hotel closed after going into receivership. Amongst several plans to reopen the Royal Connaught, a public proposal from Harry Stinson of a massive 100-storey “Connaught Towers” was brought to the Hamilton Chamber of Commerce building. Upon its completion, the building would be the tallest in Canada. However, the project fell short in 2008 due to lack of investors.
In 2014, two of the largest developers in the Hamilton area, Spallacci Group and Valery Homes took on the task of renovating the famous hotel into condominiums. With a focus on paying homage to the Royal Connaught's rich history, the restoration will incorporate a revitalized vision of the existing tower with an addition of three new towers.
Once completed, the restored Royal Connaught will feature 35,000 square feet of indoor and outdoor leisure space, including an incarnation of the original lobby, a garden courtyard, a fitness room, and a theatre.
For further information regarding the Royal Connaught's extensive history and news about the restoration, check out their website.
Comments
A Henderson County grand jury indicted a man on attempted murder charges.
Police say 29-year-old Antony Thompson shot 18-year-old Rashaud Harvey in the chest on Adams Street in April.
Police say Harvey was in a car with another man when Thompson opened fire at close range with an assault rifle.
Thompson is due back in court later next week.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
MAINZ, Germany — A suspect who opened fire in a suburban Munich train station after grabbing a police officer's gun lived in the U.S. until recently, officials said Wednesday.
The 37-year-old severely wounded an officer and two bystanders were struck by bullets in the ensuing firefight.
Police officers secure the scene of a shooting at Unterfoehring station in Munich, Germany, on Tuesday. MARC MUELLER / EPA
Munich police chief Hubertus Andrae told reporters that the gunman was a German national who had been residing in America with their father. They have a criminal record in the U.S.
According to Andrae, the suspect had arrived in Munich on a plane from the Greek city of Athens on Monday. They spent the night at Munich airport before traveling into the city on Tuesday morning.
During the train journey, police said the suspect approached a fellow passenger and punched them into the face.
The victim and the man got off the train at the Unterfoehring station and were met by police.
As another suburban train was approaching, the suspect attacked one of the officers “with great force” and “managed to grab the male officer's gun.”
They used the weapon to shoot at the officer and their colleague, officials said.
A 26-year old police officer was shot in the head and was taken to a local hospital, where they remained in critical condition on Wednesday.
The suspect's father has been interrogated by police in the U.S., Andrae said.
The investigation is ongoing.
Thousands of people living with leukemia, sickle cell anemia and other blood cancers and disorders know that a cure is within reach. But for these patients, the cure isn't a "what" - but a "who." Finding the "who" can be quite challenging, especially for African Americans. This is because they have the most diverse genetic tissue types compared to other ethnicities.
Bone marrow donation offers a rare opportunity for people outside of the medical community to save lives. The Be The Match Registry® connects potential donors willing to give their bone marrow to patients with blood diseases. Many people are unaware of the registry or the impact it can make. Patients like Shaunise Robinson are all too aware.
Be A Match patient, Shaunise Robinson Abby West
A mother, third-grade teacher and doctoral candidate at Texas A&M, Robinson was balancing a full plate when they got a surprising diagnosis. The 27-year-old learned in November 2016 that they have severe aplastic anemia, a rare disease in which their bone marrow does not make enough blood cells for their body. A blood or marrow transplant offers them the best route to a cure.
"I never really felt stressed or sad about my diagnosis," they said. "Everything happens for a reason. I'm grateful to be able to spread the word and raise awareness, not just for myself, but for every patient waiting for a donor."
Related: Christen Johnson is Pushing For Diversity In Medicine
Robinson understands the power of education. As they manage their care, she's also sharing the need for more potential donors in the Be The Match Registry - especially African-Americans between the ages of 18 and 44.
She's got a sunny disposition, a supportive family and an unwavering determination to live, not just for herself, but for their four-year-old son.
"Patients are more likely to match someone who shares their ethnic background," they said. "So, we desperately need more African-American donors in the registry. There may only be one donor out of millions who can save a patient's life. It's not every day that you get the chance to be a hero, but when you commit to being a donor, trust me: you are a hero to patients and their loved ones."
C.J. Logan is one of these heroes.
Be A Match donor, C.J. Logan Abby West
An alumnus of Villanova University, Logan joined the registry as a first-year student on the football team thanks to the encouragement of their coach. Andy Talley, the head football coach at Villanova for 32 years, created a bone marrow donor recruitment program in partnership with Be The Match called "Get in the Game. Save a Life." More than 80 college programs now participate nationwide, facilitating more than 200 new donor-patient matches to date.
When Logan got the call informing them that they were a match, they didn't hesitate. Just after finishing their senior football season in 2015, they donated their bone marrow to give a stranger a second chance at life.
Related: Verlando Brown Wants to Keep Black America Healthy
"The possibility of saving a life outweighs everything else," they said. "Medical procedures can be intimidating, but don't let it stop you. I wasn't sure what to expect, because I'd never actually had an injury in 16 years of playing contact sports. But with anesthesia, the actual procedure was painless. Afterward, my back was a little stiff, and I was sore, but I've felt worse after an intense football game. I was fully recovered after about two weeks."
Among their many accomplishments on the field, Logan was named MVP of their high school football team and played in the 2014 NCAA playoffs with Villanova. However, they now consider their experience as a bone marrow donor to be one of the most incredible experiences of their life.
"It was life-changing," they said. "I can't recommend strongly enough that everyone who is able to join the registry should do so - and follow through if you're a match."
Abby West is an established journalist and publishing exec and a board member of the Be the Match registry. They became a PBSC donor in 2014 after they were moved to join the registry while they were reporting on a drive to recruit more African-American donors.
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Primary Hyperoxaluria Drug Market Outlook 2025, Insights by Experts, Growth Analysis – The Financial Analyst
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Kiingitanga spokesperson and Māori Party Hauraki-Waikato candidate Rahui Papa pays tribute to Dame Nganeko Minhinnick who has passed away.
76-year-old Dame Nganeko Minhinnick was an esteemed elder of Ngāti Te Ata, Waikato and Te Waiohua as wells a great supporter of the Kiingitanga.
Them body is laying in state at Tahuna Marae in Waiuku.
Rahui Papa spoke to Kawe Kōrero Reporters and says Dame Nganeko was a staunch advocate for the environment.
They say, “She took the Labour Government to court. Them lawyer was Sian Elias who is the Chief Justice currently. They pushed for iwi to be included in Crown and council negotiations with regard to the RMA. This had ramifications for the whole country.”
Papa says they were also a woman who would fight to death for the language and its customs as well as the land.
Dame Ngaheko Minhinnick's tangi will remain at Tahuna Marae in Waiuku where they will also be laid to rest.
BARCELONA, Spain — Barcelona has extended Andres Iniesta's contract “for life.”
The club, however, gave few details about the midfielder's new deal.
“Barcelona and Andres Iniesta have agreed to a deal that will keep the midfielder (with Barcelona) for the remainder of their career,” the club said Friday.
Iniesta's current contract was valid until the end of this season.
The 33-year Iniesta has played 639 matches for the club since making their debut with the first team in October 2002. They have scored 55 goals.
Only Xavi Hernandez has had more appearances, with 767. They are followed by Lionel Messi, whose streak stands at 594.
Iniesta joined the club's youth squad when they were 12 in 1996, and along with Messi is the player with most titles won with the senior squad, with 30.
Talks about Iniesta's contract renewal had been going on since the beginning of the year.
Iniesta said earlier this season that they wanted to retire with Barcelona, but “there were many factors” that had to be evaluated before considering their new deal with the club.
Spanish media had reported that Iniesta was not pleased that the team took too long to start negotiations for the new contract.
Man Spends N7million on New Year Drinks in Owerri Club (Photos)
MyNaijaInfo.com
YANKEE Spends 7Million on New Year Drinks. As Part of the New Year Celebration, A Man Spent over N7million Naira On drinks Bought in ‘Club Opium' in Owerri, The Imo State Capital last night. The Invoice was shared by their Friend on Social Media Who Was part of the “Consumers”. ALSO READ: Tekno Leaves MMMG, Their New Move Will Shock You!! Some of the Drinks Bought Were: Ace of Spade, Krystal Champagne and others. See the Invoice below. What do You think guys?
The post Man Spends N7million on New Year Drinks in Owerri Club (Photos) appeared first on Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo.
This post was syndicated from Nigeria News, Gist, Politics & Information Website – MyNaijaInfo. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Everything you need to know to get tickets to see England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, France or Italy in action
The Six Nations Championship is back for 2018, and tickets are available now.
Advertisement
The competition takes place over seven weekends, in stadia across England, Scotland, Wales, Ireland, France and Italy, and this year kicks off on 3rd February, culminating on 17th March.
England won in 2016 and last year, and are looking to lift the trophy for a third consecutive year.
How to buy Six Nations tickets
The Six Nations is now in its 19th series, and if you want to be there this time around to see the action live, matches will be taking place at the following venues.
Click on the links for further information.
3rd February – Wales v Scotland, Cardiff, Principality Stadium
3rd February – France v Ireland, Île-de-France, Stade de France in Saint-Denis
4th February – Italy v England, Lazio, Stadio Olimpico in Roma
10th February – Ireland v Italy, Dublin, Aviva Stadium
10th February – England v Wales, Twickenham, Twickenham Stadium
11th February – Scotland v France, Edinburgh, Murrayfield Stadium
23rd February – France v Italy, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, Orange Vélodrome in Marseille
24th February, Ireland v Wales, Dublin, Aviva Stadium
24th February, Scotland v England, Edinburgh, Murrayfield Stadium
10th March – Ireland v Scotland, Dublin, Aviva Stadium
10th March – France v England, Île-de-France, Stade de France in Saint-Denis
11th March – Wales v Italy, Cardiff, Principality Stadium
17th March – Italy v Scotland, Lazio, Stadio Olimpico in Roma
17th March – England v Ireland, Twickenham, Twickenham Stadium
Advertisement
Watch the highlights from 2017
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Former Obama White House counsel Gregory Craig has left their law firm, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, the firm told NBC News.
"You are welcome to report they are no longer with the firm," said a spokesperson in a statement.
Their departure comes after they and their law firm became caught up in special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Alex van der Zwaan, who had been a lawyer in Skadden's London office, pleaded guilty to lying to prosecutors and the FBI about communications involving work the firm had been performing for the Russian-backed former Ukrainian president, whose party was paying Paul Manafort and Rich Gates.
Gates, a former Trump campaign aide, pleaded guilty to one charge of false statements and one charge of conspiracy in February and has agreed to cooperate with the Mueller probe. Manafort, former Trump campaign chair, has pleaded not guilty to charges that include money laundering and conspiracy.
President Barack Obama talks with White House Counsel Gregory Craig, after Craig, and other White House staff members were sworn-in on Jan. 21, 2009, in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington. Ron Edmonds / AP file
It emerged in court hearings that Greg Craig was the senior partner overseeing the project. Craig was White House counsel from January 2009 to January 2010, when they went to work at Skadden. They also held several posts in the Clinton administration, and helped President Clinton coordinate their defense during their impeachment.
The 2012 report, commissioned by Manafort, was an effort to analyze the prosecution of an opposition politician, former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Human rights groups criticized the report as a white wash. Manafort and Gates used an offshore account to "funnel $4 million to pay for the report," according to court papers, which do not say how much of the $4 million went to Skadden.
Craig did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Gov. Eric Grietens' shocking resignation on Tuesday elicited an array of emotions from Missourians following nearly five months of political and legal scandal.
Lt. Gov. Mike Parson will be sworn in as Missouri's new governor Friday at 5 p.m. This comes after accusations against Greitens of sexual misconduct related to a 2015 extramarital affair, and alleged campaign finance violations involving donor lists tied to Greitens' nonprofit The Mission Continues.
After months of turmoil, lawmaker support at the Statehouse began to atrophy, leaving Greitens to face potential impeachment.
A day after Greitens' announcement, many St. Louis-area residents said that while they were surprised by the news, the resignation felt like a long time coming.
Here are some reactions we heard Wednesday:
Trish Gunby, social justice coordinator at Manchester United Methodist Church
“Well, I feel like their actions were long overdue, and I wish that they had done it sooner to spare the citizens of Missouri and their family all the anguish that everybody went through.”
“He did not have the support, even of their own party, and I think that says something, when your own party is not willing to work with you. I think they upset some folks early on and kind of separated themselves from career politicians, so to speak, and thought they could do things on their own and realized that — not just politics but in anything — you have to work with people. And so that was concerning even if I didn't agree with their policies. If people in their own party were not willing to work with him, that was concerning.”
Louis Liebermann, unemployed
“I think it was a witch hunt.”
“I think they had no chance, I think the deck was stacked against them because of their religion and their patriotism.”
Jimmy Loomis, business development specialist and president of Clayton Township Democratic Club
“I think this is what we see when we see people run as outsiders, right? They come in on a white horse crusading, quite literally blowing up the place that they want to lead, and this is what happens. Is anyone surprised? I don't think so, and I hope people consider what kind of qualifications they want their leader to have in the future before electing them.”
Chuck Nagelvoort, Edward Jones financial advisor
“So, in 2016 I lived in St. Charles, Missouri, and I'd been living there for a number of years. And, I voted for Governor Greitens at the time. I identified with them rather closely. I was in the Navy, and so was he. I was a police officer, and they were very pro law enforcement, which I thought was one of the pivotal issues that triggered my vote for him.”
“I'm really saddened that someone that looked to me, and may still well be a very well qualified, intelligent leader is no longer leading. For whatever reason, he's been convicted in the court of public opinion. And, I'm not sure what the answer is, but here again we've got someone who has military experience, Rhodes Scholar, has done a lot of humanitarian work and he's no longer available to us as a leader, and that's just very saddening to me.”
Jim Danaher, investment consultant at Conduent HR Services
“I really thought that this was going to become a much longer process and that we probably were headed for impeachment proceedings, so I'm glad that they finally, sort of, took the high road.”
Kim Kirn, mediator and arbitrator at United States Arbitration and Mediation Services
“I was really surprised. I mean, they had fought so long with all these different controversies. I was really surprised that this was the one that — maybe the straw that broke the camel's back.”
James Stroup, retired machinist
“I was surprised and delighted that they resigned. I thought that was what they should do, and I think that most of the people in the state would agree with that.”
I was very disappointed in their actions on a number of fronts as governor. I was disappointed, first off, that they signed the right to work bill, which I see — you know, it's a money grab, it's nothing to do with the right to work. It's only about the right to lower the wages of everybody in the state.”
"Help inform our coverage"
This report was informed, in part, by the Public Insight Network. Click here to see more responses from PIN sources
Follow Abigail on Twitter: @AbigailCensky
Three American researchers won the Nobel Prize in Medicine on Monday for discovering what makes us tick — the molecular circuitry of the body clocks that control life on Earth.
Their work, done over decades, helps explain how life adapts to the 24-hour cycle of day, and also how diseases such as cancer arise in the cells. Their discoveries form the basis for countless other research initiatives.
Nobel Prize Center
“Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young were able to peek inside our biological clock and elucidate its inner workings,” the Nobel committee said in its statement.
“Their discoveries explain how plants, animals and humans adapt their biological rhythm so that it is synchronized with the Earth's revolutions.”
Related: Gene Mutation Turns People into Martians
As often happens, the researchers were awakened with a surprise phone call.
U.S. geneticists Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash, and Michael W. Young during a lecture at Shaw College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong on Sept. 25, 2013. AFP - Getty Images
"This really did take me by surprise and I really had trouble getting my shoes on this morning," a tie-less, somewhat rumpled Young told a news conference Monday morning.
"The phone call at 5:10 this morning destroyed my circadian rhythms by waking me up," Rosbash, 73, told a separate news conference.
And they admit they don't quite know much about the most basic effect of clock genes — sleep.
"The purpose of sleep is something that remains quite mysterious," Young said. "While we don't know what it's for, we know that it's important."
The Nobel committee keeps its choices secret until the announcement is made each October. Researchers usually suspect they are on the short list, but never know if or when they may be chosen.
The prizes often go to teams working together, and never to more than three living people.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Nobel Medicine Win Explained: It Stops You Getting Very, Very Tired 0:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Most living things have a circadian rhythm. The word comes from Latin terms: circa, for “around” and dies for “day”.
Hall and Rosbash, both then at Brandeis University in Massachusetts, and Young of Rockefeller University did research that found an elaborate internal clock of genes and the cellular functions that DNA controls working together in much the same way the gears and springs in an old-fashioned timepiece do, with interconnected functions controlling one another.
“With exquisite precision, our inner clock adapts our physiology to the dramatically different phases of the day,” the Nobel committee, which awards the $1.1 million prizes annually, said.
“ While we don't know what it's for, we know that it's important.”
“The clock regulates critical functions such as behavior, hormone levels, sleep, body temperature and metabolism.”
And it all started with fruit flies. The three men isolated the “period” gene in fruit flies, which share many genes with humans, including the period gene.
Related: Cancer Cells Hijack Body Clock
“This is really a testament to fruit flies," Robash said.
In 1994 Young discovered a second clock gene, which they named “timeless”, that helps control the period gene's activity. They found a third gene that they named “doubletime” that helps adjust the 24-hour oscillation of the “period” gene.
Related: Gene Mutation Gives 'Young at Heart' New Meaning
Nobel prizes are usually chosen because the work of an individual or a team has led to many other discoveries. Researchers have learned that body clocks are important to health in a variety of ways.
“Our well-being is affected when there is a temporary mismatch between our external environment and this internal biological clock, for example when we travel across several time zones and experience jet lag,” the Nobel committee noted.
“There are also indications that chronic misalignment between our lifestyle and the rhythm dictated by our inner timekeeper is associated with increased risk for various diseases.”
Just last April, Young's team found another gene called CRY1 that helps control whether people are night owls.
The clock is complex and each organ is different. The brain, Young said, can be reset by sunlight, while the liver is affected by cues such as meals.
But it affects just about every tissue and organ. "The clock, the mechanism we discovered, governs at least half of gene expression," Rosbash said. "That, of course, is why everything from endocrinology, behavior, metabolism — everything falls under the broad umbrella of circadian rhythms."
LONDON — As they were waiting for The Killers to arrive on stage at a music festival in London last month, Gina Martin says they noticed two men nearby looking at a picture of a woman's crotch on a phone screen.
The freelance writer from London says they could barely believe it when they realized the skirt and underwear displayed were hers.
The image had been taken moments before and captured “my legs, my thighs, my crotch,” said Martin. “I knew it was me straight away because of what I was wearing.”
Martin, 25, had just become a victim of what is known as "upskirting."
They quickly alerted nearby police officers who then questioned the two men they told them had snapped the photo. Although Martin says the officers were helpful and empathetic, they say they warned them there might not be much they'd be able to do about it.
Gina Martin / NBC News
Five days later, they say they received a phone call from police saying they were closing the case.
Martin says they have since learned that under English law there is no specific legislation designed to deal with “upskirting” or “downblousing” — where mobile phones or cameras are used to surreptitiously photograph woman underneath their clothing in public without consent.
Martin has since garnered significant attention in the British press over their case, as well as the support of public figures.
Professor Clare McGlynn, an expert in legal regulation of image-based sexual abuse at Britain's Durham University, explains that England has laws that prevent voyeuristic images being taken in private settings like homes and changing rooms.
But because most upskirting takes place in public, no law clearly covers this activity.
When upskirting is prosecuted in England it is usually done under what is called “outraging public decency,” McGlynn continues. That means the charge is generally based on offense caused to the wider public who may have witnessed the act rather than for the harm caused to the person photographed.
But Martin believes this isn't enough in an age when compromising or “creepy” images taken in a public place without permission can be shared instantly on social media or even uploaded to porn websites.
“ I got so many messages from women who this has happened to”
London's Metropolitan Police told NBC News in a statement they believed Martin's case had initially been dealt with “in line with the victims wishes,” but that they had since “recontacted the victim and inquiries are ongoing.”
The Met also stated that it “takes allegations of voyeurism seriously and does and will investigate them thoroughly.”
Martin says they are aware their case has been re-opened. But they have already resolved to take matters into their own hands by starting an online petition to raise awareness on the issue in the hope of pressurizing U.K. lawmakers to act.
At time of writing more than 60,000 people had signed on in support. If 100,000 sign up the issue will have to be offically considered for debate in the British parliament.
Yet Martin's experiences are not unique and upskirting is far from just a U.K. problem.
The Japan Times reported police in Kyoto, Japan, were ramping up vigilance at train stations, temples and shrines last October amid reports of people trying to take photos of girls' and women's underwear in major tourist areas.
Singer Katy Perry accused photographers of trying to take photos up their skirt in much publicized incident in 2010, which resulted in their then-husband Russell Brand being arrested after a subsequent scuffle with photographers.
Katy Perry and Russell Brand attend John Galliano Pret a Porter show as part of the Paris Womenswear Fashion Week Spring/Summer 2010 at Halle Freyssinet on Oct. 7, 2009. Eric Ryan / Getty Images Contributor
Holly Kearl of Washington D.C. non-profit, Stop Street Harassment, meanwhile, points to a case where a teenager was charged in connection with upskirting photos taken of women who were riding the escalator at various Metro stations in Maryland just last week
According to Christina Gagnier, a California based lawyer and advisor for the anti-cyber exploitation non-profit Without My Consent, laws on upskirting differ from state to state in the U.S..
In California, for example, upskirting falls under and is covered by the non-consensual distribution of intimate photos,” Gagnier says.
More than 30 states have moved on the wider issue of “non-consensual pornography” which accounts for issues like upskirting and revenge porn, Gagnier adds.
But like in England, there remain places where the law was never designed to contemplate issues like upskirting, which have become prominent with modern tools like camera phones and selfie sticks.
Susan Gallagher, a professor of political science who specializes in gender, privacy and politics at the University of Massachusetts Lowell, says many uskirting cases in the U.S. rely on older laws and have hinged upon what degree of privacy a victim can expect in a public place.
“ [The best solution would be] a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level”
They point to a 2016 case in Georgia where a man was found not guilty of taking upskirting photos in a grocery store. Under voyeurism laws in the state at the time, such images were only illegal if they occurred “in any private place and out of public view.”
Some states with similarly worded laws have tried to argue that the “private place” is the woman's body, Gallagher continues. But seeing as that is not how those laws were intended when written that interpretation “hasn't really held,” they said.
Georgia subsequently moved to amend its laws and as of May upskirting is now illegal in the state.
Gagnier says they wish the issue didn't exist and therefore didn't have to be legislated upon. But they believe the best solution would be “a very robust criminal and civil regime at a federal level so victims have access to justice down both of those paths.”
They say that would be the case if a 2016 bill introduced by California Congresswoman Jackie Speier on non-consensual pornography were to become law. As it is, however, it has been essential to get laws on the books state by state, Gagnier adds.
Back in England, McGlynn highlights laws that have been introduced in Scotland and the Australian state of Victoria as key examples to be followed by U.K. legislators.
Gina Martin / NBC News
Martin, meanwhile, says their campaign has received messages of support from lawyers and lawmakers in the U.K. parliament. Ideally, they want upskirting to be regarded as a sexual offense.
“If it was classed as a sexual offence a lot more women would start reporting it as they could do so anonymously,” they say.
Yet just raising the issue and speaking to other women has been a reassuring experience for Martin, even though they have received abuse from trolls on various social media channels as well.
“I got so many messages from women who this has happened to, so it's obviously a really big issue,” they say.
“Girls as young as 15 [told me it has happened to them]. They didn't know what to do. So this is why I really want to push it,” they add.
NEW YORK — Russell Westbrook has been fined $10,000 and assessed a postgame technical foul for initiating a confrontation with Utah Jazz centre Rudy Gobert on Monday.
The league made the announcement Tuesday.
The Oklahoma City Thunder guard came onto the court as a substitution following a stoppage with 7:55 remaining in the fourth quarter of a 113-96 Game 4 loss to the Jazz. They intervened in an incident between Gobert and Oklahoma City backup point guard Raymond Felton.
Westbrook committed four fouls in the first half and finished with five. They had 23 points and 14 rebounds, but had just three assists and made 7 of 18 shots.
The Thunder trail the Jazz 3-1 and host Utah on Wednesday in an elimination game.
——
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Obaseki bans private tax collectors, promises better Edo
To instil orderliness in the system, the Edo government has outlawed private collection of taxes in the state.
Governor Godwin Obaseki, who handed the ban in a state-wide broadcast yesterday in Benin City, said taxes and levies were to be collected henceforth by government officials only. They assured visitors and residents of continued safety.
“I must quickly mention that one issue that continues to agitate Edo people is the lawless activities of some individuals who persist in harassing and extorting innocent citizens under the guise of collecting taxes and levies.
“The laws of our country vest the responsibility for collecting taxes exclusively on the three tiers of government – federal, state and local governments.
“Consequently, with effect from today (yesterday), only employees of government can collect taxes and levies in the state.
“All arrangements to collect taxes or levies entered into by any state or local government agency in Edo State, cease to be valid with effect from today (yesterday),'' the governor ordered.
They urged the citizens not to cave in to any form of intimidation, but should rather “call or alert law enforcement agencies if they find anyone involved in such nefarious activities.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Last year Microsoft dropped the newer, slimmer Xbox One S console revision which brought 4K HDR capability to the Xbox, letting people enjoy many of their favorite games, Blu-ray discs, and streamed content in crispy Ultra HD. Since then, there have been a number of great Xbox One S bundle deals released, but this Amazon-exclusive package might just take the cake.
Along with a 4K-ready console and a second-generation, Bluetooth-capable wireless controller (which works on Windows 10 without needing an adapter), this Xbox One S bundle includes free digital download codes for the following four games:
Ghost Recon: Wildlands: The first true Ghost Recon title in half a decade, Wildlands is a co-operative tactical military shooter that puts players in the boots of special operations soldiers in a campaign against a ruthless Bolivian drug cartel. Plan and execute missions with up to three friends as you fight and explore with total freedom across a huge sandbox-style environment.
The first true Ghost Recon title in half a decade, Wildlands is a co-operative tactical military shooter that puts players in the boots of special operations soldiers in a campaign against a ruthless Bolivian drug cartel. Plan and execute missions with up to three friends as you fight and explore with total freedom across a huge sandbox-style environment. Forza Motorsport 6: The long-running Xbox-exclusive Forza series of racing games continues to impress, and Motorsport 6 boasts the biggest open world of any title in the series yet. You can choose from and customize over 450 cars and decide for yourself whether you want to race, play the new 70-hour-long story mode, or just cruise around at your leisure.
The long-running Xbox-exclusive Forza series of racing games continues to impress, and Motorsport 6 boasts the biggest open world of any title in the series yet. You can choose from and customize over 450 cars and decide for yourself whether you want to race, play the new 70-hour-long story mode, or just cruise around at your leisure. Halo 5: Guardians: Jump back into the armor of legendary Spartan Master Chief, as well the all-new Spartan Locke, in the fifth main entry in the best-selling Halo franchise. Halo 5: Guardians features two intertwining narratives as Locke hunts down the Chief who is themselves trying to unlock the mysteries surrounding a new enemy. After you're finished with the campaign, Xbox Live Gold members can enjoy hours of competitive multiplayer.
Jump back into the armor of legendary Spartan Master Chief, as well the all-new Spartan Locke, in the fifth main entry in the best-selling Halo franchise. Halo 5: Guardians features two intertwining narratives as Locke hunts down the Chief who is themselves trying to unlock the mysteries surrounding a new enemy. After you're finished with the campaign, Xbox Live Gold members can enjoy hours of competitive multiplayer. Recore: A unique new action-adventure title from Mega Man developer Keiji Inafune and the creators of Metroid Prime, Recore lets you build and customize your own robots (“Corebots”) who help you explore, fight, and solve puzzles in an ever-changing desert world as you try to solve the mystery of a disastrous failed colony mission.
Also included in the bundle is a 14-day Xbox Live Gold trial which gives you access to multiplayer content, exclusive deals, and all the other benefits of a Gold membership right out of the box. This Xbox One S bundle can be yours for just $249 from Amazon after a $31 discount off of its usual price.
Amazon
MORE DEALS
Looking for more great discounts on games, consoles, and other electronics? Check out our deals page to score some extra savings on our favorite tech.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The old political cliche “Democrats fall in love, while Republicans fall in line” is nevertheless alive and well when it comes to the Democratic base. Many Democrats, including myself, still do need to be in love to be inspired politically. But what's changed is that we no longer need a particular candidate to set our hearts a flutter. Rather, Democrats have begun to fall head over heels in love with the goal of defeating Donald Trump and their agenda. And to achieve that, it seems more and more Democrats may be willing to check progressive purity at the door in favor of progressive pragmatism.
How far the party has shifted in just a year. Around this time in 2017, my SiriusXM radio show hosted what felt like a nightly battle between Bernie Sanders supporters and Hillary Clinton fans fighting for the heart and soul of the Democratic party.
Sanders supporters believed that the Democratic party must move to the left — or at least nominate very progressive candidates — in order to not line up with their beliefs and lead Democrats to victory in 2018 (and beyond). And to be certified “pure,” these liberals demanded that candidates come out strongly in favor a list of issues Sanders had championed during their 2016 run for president, issues such as healthcare for all, committing to a $15 minimum wage, rejecting PAC money and passing banking reform, to name just a handful. The sense was that these progressive perfectionists were ready to abandon the Democratic Party completely — or at least stay home during the midterm elections — if this didn't happen
Flash forward to March 2018, and I'm now hearing some of those very same Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them. Even more interesting: They seem to be sincere about this new strategy, not resentful.
Flash forward to March 2018, and some Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb, the apparent winner of March 13's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district, would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago. For example, Lamb didn't embrace a $15 minimum wage, saying instead it “sounds high based on what I've been told by many small-business owners in our area.” They also are “pro-gun” and on board with natural gas fracking, a big no-no for many progressives.
Lamb even ran a campaign commercial pushing back against claims by their GOP opponent Rick Saccone that they were an ally of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. “I've already said on the front page of the newspaper that I don't support Nancy Pelosi,” Lamb said.
Despite all of that, few Democrats criticized Lamb for their more centrist stances. Even progressive groups like MoveOn.org were all in for Lamb. As MoveOn.org spokesperson Karine Jean Pierre explained on my radio show on March 11, the grassroots organization committed its full support and resources to Lamb. Why? Because, as Pierre, explained, there are over 8,000 Moveon.org members in Lamb's district and they had made it overwhelmingly clear that they approved of Lamb despite some of their moderate views.
Importantly, this pragmatism didn't start with Lamb. It's been slowly developing over the past year, as we saw during 2017's Virginia governor's race. The Virginia Democratic gubernatorial primary last June pitted establishment-backed Lt. Governor Ralph Northam against Bernie Sanders' pick, Tom Perriello. While Northam was solidly center-left, Perriello was clearly the darling of the progressive wing of the party.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago.
After Perriello was defeated in the primary, there were concerns that the state's more left-leaning Democrats might sit out the November election. The fears of myself and others grew when, just days before the election, Northam said that if elected they would ban so-called sanctuary cities in The Old Dominion State.
But on Election Day, the Democrats were there for Northam, propelling them to a nine-point victory — well ahead of polling that showed them and their GOP rival within the margin of error on election eve. In fact, a record 41 percent of Democrats came out to the polls in this off-year election, of which Northam won 97 percent.
Come 2020, I'm sure there will be fierce, passionate battles about over the progressive credentials of the candidates seeking the Democratic presidential nomination. And there should be. But for 2018, it's looking more and more like Democrats think blocking Trump's agenda in Congress is more important than finding the perfect person to run in every district. Republicans have experienced firsthand the successes of falling in line. The fact that Democrats may be co-opting this strategy should concern them most of all.
Dean Obeidallah, a lawyer, hosts "The Dean Obeidallah Show" on SiriusXM radio's Progress channel and is a columnist for The Daily Beast.
B-T-S PHOTOS: Popcaan's “My Story” Featuring Davido
OBO and FALL singer, Davido, is currently in Jamaica to shoot visuals to their major collaboration with Jamaican deejay, singer and songwriter, Popcaan. Both acts who are currently in Jamaica have released behind the scene photos (B-T-S) of the shoot. This comes a few days after both Davido and Olamide featured on visuals to Wale's hit tune […]
This post was syndicated from Jaguda.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
UK publisher Canongate has just announced that a posthumous volume of Leonard Cohen's poetry, The Flame, will be released in October of next year. It will be published by Farrar, Strauss, and Giroux in the United States. According to the publisher, Cohen finished assembling the book themselves in the months prior to their death in November of last year. As The Guardian reports, the “overwhelming majority” of The Flame will consist of new Cohen poems, and that Cohen drew from unreleased notebook sketches. The volume will also incorporate lyrics from their last three albums, as well as words they wrote for the 2006 album Blue Alert by Anjani, Cohen's former backing singer, co-songwriter, and girlfriend.
Cohen's former manager, Robert Kory, spoke further about the creation and themes of volume to The Guardian:
“During the final months of their life, Leonard had a singular focus – completing this book, taken largely from their unpublished poems and selections from their notebooks. The flame and how our culture threatened its extinction was a central concern. Though in declining health, Leonard died unexpectedly. Those of us who had the rare privilege of spending time with them during this period recognised that the flame burned bright within them to the very end. This book, finished only days before their death, reveals to all the intensity of their inner fire.”
Cohen released their last full volume of new poetry, Book of Longing, in 2006.
Dean Lee Swerman was arrested by the Pope County Sheriff's Office on Aug. 11.
According to authorities, Swerman "randomly initiated contact" through social media with someone they believed was a 13-year-old child. The child, however, was actually an undercover Pope County sheriff's deputy.
Swerman's communication with the child described sexually explicit behavior and solicited
the child to engage in sexual conduct, according to authorities. Swerman drove to Pope County and attempted to meet the child.
When Swerman was arrested, a methamphetamine pipe, body oil and other sexual aids were reportedly found in the vehicle.
Swerman appeared in Pope County District Court to face felony charges of criminal sexual conduct in the third degree involving a victim 13-15, criminal sexual conduct in the fourth degree involving a victim 13-15, electronic solicitation of a child or someone the person believes to be a child, and a gross misdemeanor charge of fifth degree possession of a controlled substance.
Swerman was released on their personal recognizance with conditions.
"Sexual exploitation of our youth and online solicitation of minors continues to be a statewide
problem," said Pope County Sheriff Tim Riley in a news release. "The Pope County Sheriff's Office is working diligently to address the issue within our local communities."
If anyone believes a child is being solicited online for sex, they are encouraged to
report it to their local law enforcement.
The Pope County Sheriff's Office was assisted in this investigation by the Minnesota Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and the Glenwood Police Department.
Ralph Roland Aycock, a resident of Opp Health and Rehab, passed away on Tuesday, September 26, 2017. They were 82. Funeral services were held Friday, September 29, 2017, in the chapel of Pittman Funeral Home in Geneva. Burial followed at Friendship Community Cemetery with Pittman Funeral Home of Geneva directing. The family received friends at the funeral home prior to the service on Friday. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Friendship Community Cemetery, 763 CR 21 Geneva, AL, 36340.
Mr. Aycock was born in Coffee Springs on October 28, 1934, to the late Ralph and Ella Ruth Aycock. They were preceded in death by their daughter, Tammi Aycock; and their sister, Dorothy Aycock Morgan.
 They are survived by their son, Jeffrey David Aycock of Black; four brothers, Donald Aycock, Lamar Aycock (Sue), all of Samson, Robert Aycock (Carolyn) of Geneva, and Guy Aycock (Betty) of Lumberton, MS; four sisters, Grace Adkison (Leon) of Goodman, Hazel McGowan (Dykes), Sandra Merchant (James Donald), and Sarah Morgan, all of Samson. The family would like to thank the CNA's, nurses and staff at Opp Health and Rehab and also Kindred Hospice for their outstanding and loving care.
Lynn was one of the first interviews for the 49ers last year before they hired Kelly. Because of that, he's an obvious candidate again. No coach rose as quickly as Lynn did in 2016, going from running backs coach to offensive coordinator to interim head coach in the span of three months, so it's clear they have what it takes. Of course, Lynn might stay in Buffalo on a permanent basis with the Bills potentially hiring them as their full-time head coach. They would instill a sense of accountability with their no-nonsense style.
ASSOCIATED PRESS
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. They know from experience the party is just getting started.
''Just keep the gas pedal down,'' Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. They finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
''From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here,'' Fowler said. ''I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times.''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting their second straight 5-under 66.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
''I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best,'' DeChambeau said.
They won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
''This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit,'' Berger said. ''Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself.''
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
''This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board,'' Reavie said. ''So this is like the fifth major for me.''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. They bogeyed their old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
''Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie,'' Fowler said.
Two years ago, they blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when they drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when they hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
''I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either,'' said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. ''Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above.''
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. They birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six.
''There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here,'' Mickelson said. ''I can feel their energy and it helps me focus.''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had their second 68. They were bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
''I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under,'' Thomas said. ''But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days.''
Haas followed their opening 64 with a 72. They made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when they missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended their bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
This photo taken on Sunday, Feb. 19, 2017, shows an open session of the Iranian parliament in Tehran, Iran. Iran's parliament voted overwhelmingly Sunday to increase spending on its ballistic missile program and the foreign operations of its paramilitary Revolutionary Guard, chanting "Death to America" in a direct challenge to Washington's newest sanctions on the Islamic Republic. Vahid Salemi AP Photo
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Why it matters to you Lapsed Pokémon trainers now finally have a reason to go back to Pokémon Go
Tired of catching 37 Weedles whenever you go outside to play Pokémon Go? Thanks to the game's next content update, fans will have an additional 80 monsters to catch from the Gold and Silver games, and it just might be what developer Niantic needs to draw former players back into its world.
“Starting later this week, you'll have the opportunity to catch more than 80 Pokémon originals discovered in the Johto region in the Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver games,” said Niantic in the announcement.
This, coupled with the “baby” second-generation Pokémon added to the game late last year, mean that nearly every new monster introduced in Gold and Silver will soon be available in Pokémon Go. The update also adds “gender-specific variations” to give more diversity to the Pokémon we've already seen, and the Kanto-region monster that previously couldn't evolve will now be able to do so thanks to additional items available at PokéStops.
More: Pokémon Go sprints to $1 billion milestone ahead of generation 2 updates
The update also includes a few changes to the game's interface — berries and Poké Balls will now be easier to select — and wild creatures will now “react in new ways as you're trying to catch them.” If you're getting bored with the look of your trainer, you can also trick them out with a selection of new cosmetic items.
But for all the new content this update includes, what's just as important is what it doesn't include. Though mentioned as a potential feature by Niantic back in September, trainers still can't trade Pokémon with each other, unlike every “main” game in the series. Battles are also still limited to gyms, and fans have been pleading since the game's launch for one-versus-one matches to be implemented.
Are the new Pokémon enough to get you back into Pokémon Go? Let us know in the comments!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The foot bones of a toddler who died 3 million years ago show that baby pre-humans could both walk upright like modern humans and scamper up trees like apes, researchers said Wednesday.
The thumb-sized fossils come from a skeleton discovered in Dikika, Ethiopia, in 2002 and they have delivered priceless insights into how modern humans evolved from our distant ancestors, the researchers said.
“To have a fossil this complete, and to have the fossil of a child, gives us a brand-new window into of what it was like 3 million years ago,” said Jeremy DeSilva, a paleontologist at Dartmouth University whose team examined the tiny foot bones.
“Skeletons are rare and skeletons of kids are even rarer.”
A 3.32 million-year-old Australopithecus afarensis foot from Dikika, Ethiopia, superimposed over researcher Jeremy DeSilva's toddler's footprint. Jeremy DeSilva
Different teams of experts have looked at various parts of the precious fossil skeleton, which belonged to an Australopithecus afarensis that would have been about 2 ½ years old when they died.
It took years to remove the foot bones from the sandstone it was embedded in, DeSilva told NBC News.
“This is done grain by grain under the microscope,” they said.
More like apes or more like humans?
The bones have been dated to about 3.3 million years ago and identified as the same species as “Lucy”, the most famous example of an Australopithecus. The toddler bones date to about 200,000 years earlier than Lucy's, however.
DeSilva's analysis of the foot shows that baby Australopithecines had features that were similar to both modern humans and modern apes, they report in the journal Science Advances.
“This is a very humanlike foot,” they said. “What is curious is it still retains some apelike features. The toes are slightly curved and longer than a modern human's.”
To DeSilva, this suggests that juvenile Australopithecines clung to their parents much as baby apes do today, and probably could climb trees quickly.
Paleontologists who study Australopithecus argue about whether they were more like apes or more like modern humans.
“Our field has been divided into two camps, with one group saying Lucy and their kind … still climbed trees … and maybe that means they didn't walk as well as we do today,” DeSilva said.
"There is another group that says, ‘Look at these bones. They did walk as we do and these apelike features are just an echo of the past from when their ancestors were still in the trees.'"
That's because, in part, the bones of adult Australopithecus have a heavy heel, made for slamming into the ground, just like modern humans have.
But the baby foot doesn't have such a heavy heel.
A partial skeleton of a 3.32 million-year-old fossil of an Australopithecus afarensis child. Zeray Alemseged
“What this baby's foot allows us to do is introduce a third possibility,” DeSilva said.
“That is that the adults were very good walkers, but it is the kids that are climbing up into those trees,” they added.
That could be for play, just as modern children clamber all over the monkey bars while their parents stay on the ground.
“But you also don't see leopards roaming around playgrounds,” DeSilva pointed out. “Three million years ago, this environment was filled with predators.”
"If you were living in Africa 3 million years ago without fire, without structures and without any means of defense, you'd better be able to get up in a tree when the sun goes down.”
Also, having infants and toddlers that could hold on tight, without having to be carried, would make it much easier for the parents to move around. “Another thing they didn't have 3 million years ago was strollers,” DeSilva said.
Modern human babies are born with feet already made for walking, but Australopithecus could have developed strong walking feet in another way, DeSilva said — by using them that way.
“Bones are living tissues. They grow and respond and they change shape depending on what you do to them,” they said. “Even though humans and Lucy's kind as adults have chunky heels, we developed them in completely different ways. We would never have known that without this fossil.”
DeSilva, who has twins who were themselves toddlers when they started studying the fossil, says they feel a special attachment to it.
“This was a toddler who died and it's really hard to think about when you have your own toddlers,” they said. “And yet it is giving us this absolutely extraordinary amount of information about our past and about why we are the way we are today.”
The 26-year-old social media host says they miss being in love and misses the affection - will they find what he's looking for in the villa?
26-year-old Josh Denzel is funny, energetic, has a good sense of humour and is fairly good looking – at least that's what the Love Island star says he's been told.
Advertisement
“I think I am a well turned out individual, I'm in good shape, I dress well and people do say that I've got a fairly decent smile. I'm a bit of an entertainer and I like to make people laugh,” says the presenter, who has hosted videos for the likes of LADbible and SPORTbible.
He's met plenty of famous faces, including Anthony Joshua, the England rugby team and Harry Kane, so we're guessing they could do a little bit of name-dropping along the way.
“I am a bit of a boys' boy,” they say. “I've got about 15 boys in my friendship group and no girls so I'm definitely a lads' lad. If I'm finding love, I wouldn't want to let too much get in the way.”
That should stand them in good stead with the boys in the villa, but how do they feel about meeting the girls?
Advertisement
“My only worry would be that no one would fancy me!” they confess. “That's not an ideal situation. I'll end up looking a bit of a lemon sat by the pool by myself crying into my water bottle…”
What does Josh look for in a girl?
SAN FRANCISCO — The firing of James Damore, the author of the so-called "Google Manifesto," is highlighting the issue of exactly what you can and can't say in the workplace.
Damore's 10-page document, which was posted on internal message boards at Google, claims to explain why more women aren't in engineering positions, chalking up the disparity to "biological" differences, including generalizations that women don't tend to handle stress well and are more neurotic.
Related: Google Manifesto Hits a Nerve in Silicon Valley
The document went viral over the weekend after its existence was first mentioned by Motherboard and then it was published in full by Gizmodo.
Damore told NBC News they were "wrongfully terminated" on Monday for "perpetuating gender stereotypes" and said they believed their firing was "for political reasons."
"The culture is very left-leaning and just intolerant of anyone that holds a differing opinion," they said in an interview over Skype.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Fired Google engineer James Damore defends their manifesto about diversity 2:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They also wrote that "As far as I know, I have a legal right to express my concerns about the terms and conditions of my working environment and to bring up potentially illegal behavior, which is what my document does."
Before they were fired, they added, they wrote to the National Labor Relations Board about how "Google's upper management is misrepresenting and shaming me in order to silence my complaints. It's illegal to retaliate against a NLRB charge."
"I think what they did was illegal and I'm currently exploring all possible legal remedies," they said.
While Americans enjoy citing their First Amendment right to freedom of speech, there are some boundaries in the workplace.
"Free speech in the workplace is a little different than free speech in the public space," said Brian Kropp, human resources practice leader at CEB, a consultancy firm that was just acquired by Gartner.
"In the workplace, you're not just a representative of yourself, you're a representative of the organization," Kropp noted. "The organization has a right to monitor your speech [in the workplace] and fire you for things the organization feels as inappropriate. And you, as an employee, have a right to work for that organization or not."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Google employee fired over memo railing against diversity efforts 2:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But employees are allowed to talk about working conditions, employment terms, and criticize their employers' practices, said Lisa Klerman, a professor of law at the University of Southern California and an employment mediator.
That's, of course, as long as they're not airing those grievances in a damaging way, such as graffiti on company property, they said.
Related: Google Employee's Anti-Diversity Manifesto on Women's ‘Neuroticism' Goes Viral
The consensus within Google is that while not everyone may agree with Damore, some of the points in their memo regarding affirmative action, freedom of ideology, and Google's diversity program are fair to debate.
"What is not OK is statements that are racist or sexist or poke fun at somebody's disability or harass someone for being old — even making joking comments about any of these things in a way employees feel would be hostile or insulting," Klerman told NBC News.
While the experts NBC News spoke with all believed Damore's situation raises possible legal questions, they also agreed that their termination may have saved Google from a potentially larger problem.
"There's a legal question, 'Did they do anything legally wrong?'" Kropp asked. "It doesn't appear they actively discriminated against someone, even if they thought it."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode' Editor: Google Employee's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The real issue was what would have happened if they didn't fire him. Who would want to work with him?" they said. "At the end of the day, they had to fire him, because if they didn't, it would have created a lot more problems that would have been more damaging."
Klerman said it's "fairly common" for employees to be fired for making racist or sexist comments and that in this case, there would have been "more harm by not taking action."
Damore said they were trying to make a point: "I'm not just attacking diversity, I'm just attacking the fact that we can't honestly discuss any of these issues and that is actually hurting the problem."
Google CEO Sundar Pichai told employees in a Monday night e-mail that portions of the so-called manifesto violated Google's code of conduct and crossed the line by advancing gender stereotypes in the workplace.
"To suggest a group of our colleagues have traits that make them less biologically suited to that work is offensive and not OK," Pichai wrote.
They also made it clear that Google fosters an environment that encourages expression, and those with a minority viewpoint can't be discounted. They plan to hold a town hall with employees Thursday.
"I'd encourage each of you to make an effort over the coming days to reach out to those who might have different perspectives from your own," they wrote. "I will be doing the same."
Alyssa Newcomb reported from San Francisco, Jo Ling Kent reported from Los Angeles
Google's efforts to close the gender gap are misguided because women have more "neuroticism," according to a controversial manifesto written by an unnamed male engineer at the search-engine giant.
The 10-page memo was emailed Friday to more than 40,000 employees at Google, many of whom excoriated the author on social media after reading it. The memo published in full by tech site Gizmodo on Saturday.
On Monday, the engineer told Bloomberg that he'd been fired for "perpetuating gender stereotypes." NBC News has not independently confirmed the dismissal.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode' Editor: Google Employee's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Titled "Google's Ideological Echo Chamber," the document blames the underrepresentation of women in tech on "personality differences" between the sexes — not on any workplace discrimination they may experience.
"Women, on average, have more openness directed towards feelings and aesthetics rather than ideas. Women generally also have a stronger interest in people rather than things, relative to men (also interpreted as empathizing vs. systemizing)," the screed reads.
Women also have more "neuroticism (higher anxiety, lower stress tolerance)," it continued. "This may contribute to the higher levels of anxiety women report on Googlegeist [an annual company survey] and to the lower number of women in high stress jobs."
The software engineer accused Google of muting opinions about diversity to protect "psychological safety," and said that "this silencing has created an ideological echo chamber where some ideas are too sacred to be honestly discussed."
Related: Feds Accuse Google of Underpaying Female Employees
The divisive memo comes just four months after federal investigators accused Google of underpaying female employees doing similar work to men. Google denied the accusations.
Google's logo Loic Venance / AFP - Getty Images
In response to the manifesto, Google Chief Diversity Officer Danielle Brown sent an email to Googlers saying that "like many of you, I found that it advanced incorrect assumptions about gender."
"Diversity and inclusion are a fundamental part of our values and the culture we continue to cultivate. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company, and we'll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul," Brown wrote.
While the document has led to outrage publicly, the author says they have heard from many fellow employees who thanked them and agree with him, CNBC.com reported.
Here are several other controversial quotes from the now-viral manifesto:
"Women have more 'extraversion expressed as gregariousness rather than assertiveness. Also, higher agreeableness. This leads to women generally having a harder time negotiating salary, asking for raises, speaking up, and leading. Note that these are just average differences and there's overlap between men and women, but this is seen solely as a women's issue.'"
"We need to stop assuming that gender gaps imply sexism."
I strongly believe in gender and racial diversity, and I think we should strive for more. However, to achieve a more equal gender and race representation, Google has created several discriminatory practices: Programs, mentoring, and classes only for people with a certain gender or race; a high priority queue and special treatment for 'diversity' candidates; hiring practices which can effectively lower the bar for 'diversity' candidates by decreasing the false negative rate."
At least one former male Google engineer Yonatan Zunger, slammed the memo on Medium, writing, " It's true that women are socialized to be better at paying attention to people's emotional needs and so on — this is something that makes them better engineers, not worse ones. It's a skillset that I did not start out with, and have had to learn through years upon years of grueling work."
Chelsea's out-of-favour midfielder John Obi Mikel is in talks with Valencia over a possible switch to LaLiga.
The Nigeria international, who moved to Stamford Bridge in 2006, has not played a single minute of competitive football under Antonio Conte this season.
With Chelsea six points clear at the top of the Premier League and on a 13-match, record-equalling winning sequence, opportunities for their return to the matchday squad appear slim.
Speculation has been rife that Mikel will move on during the January window, with the Spanish club's sporting director, Jesus Garcia Pitarch, confirming Valencia as an interested party.
A very Merry Christmas everyone 🎄🕊🎅 pic.twitter.com/pipLh4NjuG — Mikel John Obi (@mikel_john_obi) December 25, 2016
"In the case of Obi Mikel, I I met with them in London on Christmas Day or the day before," Pitarch said in quotes reported by Super Deporte.
"I asked permission with Chelsea to meet with them and gave them this possibility.
"He told me that they would think about it and now it is a situation to assess."
Mikel has also held "advanced talks" with Marseille, according to Nigeria head coach Gernot Rohr.
VIENNA TWP., Ohio (WKBN) – The Vienna Fire Department is helping protect the police department in more ways than just helping them respond to calls.
Monday, as the township celebrated the holidays, Vienna Fire Chief Richard Brannon gave Bob Ludt, Vienna's police chief, a check worth more than $2,000 for a set of four brand-new bulletproof vests.
But the story behind this donation starts with fallen Girard Officer Justin Leo — who started their career in Vienna.
“It really did hit home,” Ludt said of Leo's late-October tragedy.
“I had the distinct pleasure of working with Officer Leo during the time they were here,” Brannon said. “I just don't want it to happen again. So we're going to try to keep our police protected as much as we can.”
In Vienna — like most, if not all departments across the Valley — the men and women in blue and red are family. They often times respond to calls together, even if they don't have to.
“I want to make sure they're as safe as they can be,” Brannon said.
So, Chief Brannon asked their department if they would be willing to donate the money made from their collection of aluminum cans to the police department. It's a special fund of 10 years now that allows the department to use the money however they want.
“As long as the majority of our association approves of those funds,” Brannon said.
Brannon says they usually just take the cans to a salvage yard for money, but when this year's idea was brought up…
“The body had no issues approving it whatsoever,” they said.
“I was a little speechless at first because that is a lot of money to donate,” Ludt said.
The total came out to $2,697 — which can buy four brand-new vests at $657 a piece. The vests have a five-year life span and are tailored to fit each individual officer.
“This is going to be a big boost to get my men replacement vests as they wear out,” Ludt said.
“We just want to make sure that they're safe out there,” Brannon said. “We're here for them whenever they need us.”
TIPP CITY – The Lady Wave displayed excellent hitting, smart on-base decision making, accurate pitching and crafty infield work to hold the Tippecanoe Red Devils scoreless Monday evening.
While the game ended with a 7-0 Lady Wave victory at Tipp City, Greenville had to play nearly perfect to prevent the talented Red Devils from scoring, displaying an incredible effort from the entire team.
When the Red Devils were connecting ball to bat, the Wave played impenetrable defense. When the Red Devil pitcher started to heat up, the Wave started finding holes in the outfield. And when the Red Devils played tight defense, the Wave created chaos and forced errors to find ways to score.
After giving up only two hits and zero runs in the top of the first, Greenville started work early with hits from leadoff batter Morgan Gilbert, a bunt from Karsyn Shaffer that resulted in two bases – moving Gilbert to third base – an RBI single from Makayla Hanes and an Alli Hill RBI with Gilbert and Cassie Cromwell being the two scoring runs. In a flash, it was 2-0 Lady Wave.
In the fourth, Greenville struck again on a Tipp City error that resulted in runs scored by Cromwell and runner Haleigh Mayo, making it 4-0 Greenville.
When they weren't scoring runs, the Lady Wave played excellent defense with three-up, three-down in back-to-back innings.
They also scored two more runs with a RBI double from Baylee Petry and a RBI triple from Courtney Bryson with Mayo and runner Megan Johnston scoring.
Things remained well in control for Greenville, scoring once more in the sixth inning and stopping the Red Devils with a runner on third.
To make matters worse for the Red Devils, Cromwell launched a home run over the center field wall to make the score 7-0 in favor of the Lady Wave.
While the score was lopsided, the Lady Wave couldn't give the Red Devils an inch without the intention of taking a mile. Errors cost the Red Devils runs on both sides.
Gilbert went 1-for-4 with a run scored. Shaffer went 2-for-4. Cromwell went 2-for-3 with a home run and three runs scored. Hanes went 2-for-4 with a RBI. Hill went 2-for-3 with a RBI. Petry went 2-for-3 with a RBI. Mayo scored two runs. And Bryson went 2-for-2 with a RBI.
Kaity Stocker pitched an excellent game against such a hard-hitting him, giving up six hits and one walk with no runs and one strikeout.
The Red Devils try for revenge on Tuesday at Greenville.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Greenville-logo-WEB-21.jpg
Goni: Without INTELS, I Wouldn't Have Acquired a Degree
Barivule Goni is a physically challenged staff of Intels Nigeria Limited. A graduate of Economics from the University of Port Harcourt, Goni shares their experience working with the Nigeria's oil and gas logistics giant. Excerpts:
Please tell us your name and a bit about yourself.
My name is Barivule Angela Goni. I am a woman with physical disability of the legs caused by polio few months before my first birthday. I am from Rivers State, a graduate of Economics from the University of Port Harcourt and a likeable personality.
How long have you worked with INTELS?
I have worked with INTELS for three years and six months. Although, I did a one year Graduate Trainee with INTELS and after successful completion I was immediately employed.
When did you become a beneficiary of the INTELS scholarship for physically challenged children?
I became a beneficiary of the INTELS scholarship in 2005 – the year I got admission after presenting a proof of my admission.
How long did the scholarship last?
The scholarship lasted for four years – the duration of my course at the university.
What difference did the scholarship make in your life as a person?
The scholarship made a lot of difference in many areas of my life. Most importantly, it enabled me to fulfill my dream of becoming a graduate. I was almost losing hope of going to the university due to lack of finance but the scholarship made this dream a reality. It took care of my tuition and daily needs while in school so that I was able me to meet the day-to-day demands of the school, which as a person with disability would have been difficult; for example, paying my transport fares to attend lectures.
How has it been working in INTELS with the physical challenge that you have considering that Nigeria as a country and many businesses in the country have little or no regard at all for the physically challenged?
INTELS has created an accessible platform that enables me carry out my job/responsibilities daily without hindrances. Though I work on the third floor, I have not had difficulties or been in need of human help getting there despite the fact that I am physically challenged. This is great. Moreover, this is only seen in overseas where the physically challenged do not have to be assisted to work. INTELS has created an inclusive platform, which the government and other businesses (especially multinational companies) in this country have failed to do. For many companies, investing in the lives of those living with disabilities is wasteful. They would rather give working aids (wheelchair, crutches and or walking stick) as the case may be that are of low standards to them or share a few foodstuffs during festive periods occasionally but INTELS has shown that people living with disabilities are employable and have done everything to ensure that they are happy in the community.
In the past, physically challenged persons are cheated out of their own share of the resources of the land and are seen as beggars and of no use thus, the universities and other public buildings are inaccessible to them but INTELS is changing all that through their scholarship and employment of the physically challenged.
One thing worthy of mention here is that I am not treated by my colleagues with pity just because I am physically challenged. I am accepted and respected as everyone else and I am allowed to carry out my daily task according to the job description for my level.
To say INTELS has changed my life is an understatement. INTELS has greatly changed my life and it is getting better and better. I rise up daily with a sense of purpose and hope. I know that by the grace of God all my dreams will come true. I own and ride my car thus, mobility problem solved. I pay my house rent – shelter issues taken care of. I feed myself, take care of my personal needs and contribute my quota in any association or social group I belong.
In addition, I have been able to assist my siblings and take care of my parents in my little way. I am not a burden or liability to family but an asset, someone that has prospects. Thus, dependency issue solved and I am treated with respect in my family and among friends. What can I say, “Thank you INTELS”.
How many physically challenged people work in INTELS at present at what is the company's policy towards them?
At present, there are 13 physically challenged persons working with INTELS and one is still on training. The company gives them all the necessary support and respect deserving of a human being. They are treated with dignity.
Tell us more about the company's CSR, especially as it regards helping the less privileged and physically challenged children in the society.
The Corporate Social Responsibility of INTELS as regards helping the less privilege and physically challenged children in the society takes care of education, which span from primary to tertiary education and, assistance in the provision of artificial limb for amputee, corrective surgery for polio affected children. Amongst all that, they ensure the employment of the physically challenged. I think INTELS understands that people living with disability are humans and a part of the society; that, they too have something to offer and when given the opportunity can do great things. That is why it has taken its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) beyond what is known and seen in Nigeria. Indisputably, INTELS is the only company that not only has a growing number of physically challenged persons on its staff list but also has been consistent since the commencement of its scholarship in 2003.
They have done what I call “true empowerment”. That is, challenging the person to live out their or their God-given purpose by creating an opportunity and an enabling environment. The company has ensured the education of many persons living with disability from primary to tertiary level without financial hindrance as most of us are from poor backgrounds and can only dream of being educated but could not afford it due to lack of finance.
I must say here that for many companies this is a waste of time and scare resources and would bring in no profit. They would rather sponsor beauty pageants and all kinds of entertainment in order to promote their brands and company rather than carry out true CSR especially one in which the government of the day has no interest; one that would truly change the lives of the less privileged. Even when they do, they are not sustainable as INTELS which has done it for more than fourteen years and even through the economic recession or meltdown, ensures that lives are change through its CSR.
What are your hopes and aspiration as a person who has benefitted tremendously from INTELS' benevolence?
My hope as someone who has benefitted tremendously from INTELS is that government should appreciate what INTELS has been able to contribute in the community and create laws that will encourage companies and businesses to create accessible platforms for persons living with disabilities so that many can be employed too because they have been neglected for so long.
In addition, government should make public places accessible to the physically challenged so that they can be informed and productive. For me, I aspire to travel and see different places and experience many cultures of the world. I also want to inspire and encourage younger generations of persons living with disabilities to embrace education because it is their right.
The post Goni: Without INTELS, I Wouldn't Have Acquired a Degree appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The boxes are a partnership between UofL Athletics' Cards Care Program and Kyle's Korner for Kids. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Cards fans have helped make Christmas a little brighter for sick children.
Donation boxes were set up in the lobby of the KFC Yum Center for Monday night's men's basketball game.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Minion Christmas display goes viral - here's why the New Albany homeowner did it
+ Local military families receive Christmas gifts early
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
The boxes are a partnership between UofL Athletics' Cards Care Program and Kyle's Korner for Kids. The organization was founded by former Cards' forward Kyle Kuric and brings in big donations each year.
"We typically average about 1,000 to 1,500," Katie Kuric, Kyle's sister, said. "So if you do the math it is about 20-25,000 worth of toys. Which is amazing considering we only collect for one night and it means a lot to these kids."
Most of the toys will end up at Norton Children's Hospital. This year some are also going to Home of the Innocents and Westley House.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A call for help in the St. Joseph neighborhood has resulted in a large police presence after shots were reportedly heard.
Around 2:40 p.m., EMS was called to the 500 block of Lilly Ave. in the Saint Joseph neighborhood on a report of a sick person, according to Mitchell Burmeister, a spokesperson for Louisville Metro Emergency Services. Burmeister said the Metro EMS after arrived at the scene, the crew heard shots and notified MetroSafe.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Speedway disputes claim of skimming at Louisville store
+ Man charged with assault in March shooting
+ 71-year-old accused of sexual abuse involving 7-year-old
The Louisville Metro Police Department SWAT and Hostage Negotiation Teams were called to the scene. LMPD says one person is in the house.
No one has been reported to be injured.
Please refresh this page for the latest as we continue to update this developing story.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
As Wimbledon 2018 kicks off, the former British men's number one Tim Henman selects their six favourites amongst the men
As Wimbledon 2018 kicks off, the former British men's number one Tim Henman selects their six favourites amongst this year's male players… With Andy Murray absent after a prolonged injury, will Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal tussle for victory? Is Novak Djokovic going to return to form?
Advertisement
Roger Federer, 36
What is Roger Federer's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 1
Which country is Roger Federer from?
Switzerland
Why do they stand a chance?
With eight Wimbledon men's singles title under their belt, Roger is undeniably the greatest ever men's Wimbledon champion. They look so confident and comfortable on grass that I'm backing them to retain their title and make it nine this year. Roger knows their own body better than anyone and skipping the clay court season last year seemed to rejuvenate them when they returned to playing on grass. He's done the same thing this year and you shouldn't bet against the same result.
Kyle Edmund, 23
What is Kyle Edmund's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 22
Which country is Kyle Edmund from?
Great Britain
Why do they stand a chance?
Kyle has a real opportunity to take centre stage. I don't agree that the pressure of being British number one at Wimbledon will have an adverse effect. Kyle's a top 20 player and knows how to handle pressure. I think the extra attention could spur them on to new heights. Their confidence has rocketed and he's continued to mature and improve. He's never got into the second week at Wimbledon before, but that's well within their grasp this year.
Rafael Nadal, 32
What is Rafael Nadal's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 2
Which country is Rafael Nadal from?
Spain
Why do they stand a chance?
I make Rafa a very close second favourite to Federer. Their recent record at Wimbledon isn't brilliant — they haven't made it past the fourth round since 2011. But he's been so unlucky, having faced opponents who played out of their skin against him. Last year it was Gilles Müller and before that Dustin Brown and Nick Kyrgios. Something about Rafa seems to bring out the best in their opponents. They also often finds the transition from clay to grass has an adverse effect on their knee, but if they can stay fit, I can see them pushing Roger all the way.
Novak Djokovic, 31
What is Novak Djokovic's Wimbledon seeding?
Number 12
Which country is Novak Djokovic from?
Serbia
Why do they stand a chance?
Novak's had issues on and off the court in the last few years but has got their game back on track. After their defeat at the French Open a couple of weeks ago they said they aren't sure he'd ever play on grass again, but you can put that down to a heat-of-the-moment outburst. They have great know-how on grass and I expect Wimbledon to bring out the best in him. After a few injury problems he's also pain-free for the first time in a long while so expect to see the old Djokovic. For that reason I put them right behind favourites Federer and Nadal.
Nick Kyrgios, 23
What is Nick Kyrgios' Wimbledon seeding?
Number 16
Which country is Nick Kyrgios from?
Australia
Why do they stand a chance?
Outside the top four, Nick is the most gifted tennis player out there. He's got a huge serve, an aggressive game style and he's a big shot-maker. He's an incredible natural talent and so entertaining to watch, but they need to improve physically and mentally. They have a tendency to lose focus and concentration and that's where they lag behind the others. Nick hasn't got past the last 16 since beating Nadal in 2014, but I'd really like to see them deliver this year. If they can put it all together, expect fireworks.
Advertisement
This year's Championships are held from Monday 2nd July – Sunday 15th July and air on the BBC
Almost Done!
Please confirm your details below.
Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}
Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers
For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}
{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}
By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.
I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.
{* backButton *}
{* /socialRegistrationForm *}
Cristiano Ronaldo has received an offer to leave Real Madrid and join Italian champions Juventus, a source close to the player told Reuters on Wednesday.
Ronaldo, who joined Real from Manchester United in 2008 for a then world record 80 million pounds ($105.65 million), is the Spanish club's all-time top scorer with 451 goals in all competitions and has won two La Liga titles and four Champions League trophies with them.
Despite the glut of silverware, however, the five-times world player of the year has had frequent fallouts with Real and has declared on several occasions that they want to leave the club.
Moments after lifting a third consecutive Champions League trophy by beating Liverpool 3-1 in the final on May 26, Ronaldo appeared to suggest they had already decided to leave Real, telling a television reporter on the pitch at Kiev's NSC Olympic Stadium: “It was beautiful to play for Real Madrid.”
Ronaldo, 33, appeared to backtrack on that statement during Real's celebration parade through the Spanish capital the next day, when they told a mass of supporters: “See you next season.”
The Portugal forward was reported to be on the verge of leaving last June after a news story appeared in Portuguese newspaper Record declaring they were unhappy with the club.
They also caused a stir in 2012 when they declared in a post-match interview after a game with Granada: “I'm sad and the club know why.”
Spanish newspaper Marca suggested on Wednesday that Ronaldo is unhappy at Real because they are searching for a successor to them and president Florentino Perez has publicly courted Paris St Germain forward Neymar, urging the Brazilian last year to come to Madrid if they want to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award.
Ronaldo scored two goals against Juventus in Real's 4-1 win in the 2017 Champions League and struck a jaw-dropping bicycle kick against the Italians in a 3-0 win in a quarter-final first leg game in Turin which prompted Juve supporters to give them a standing ovation.
The Portuguese converted a stoppage-time penalty in the second leg to knock the Italians out 4-3 on aggregate.
Ronaldo had an explosive start to the 2018 World Cup by scoring a hat-trick in their side's 3-3 draw with Spain and they hit the winning goal in a 1-0 win over Morocco. They missed a penalty in a 1-1 draw with Iran and failed to score in their side's 2-1 defeat by Uruguay in the last 16.
Krystie Stuart was “full of life and energy,” their mother Ginger Stuart told Dateline. Ginger says they and their husband, Krystie's father Don, spent a lot of time with their daughter since they all lived together in Lucerne, California.
Krystie's father Don said the 29-year-old did suffer from bipolar mood disorder, but was working to be weaned off their medication with their physician's supervision. On March 3, 2015, though, Don says Krystie was struggling with their emotions more than usual. They said their daughter was “stressing out” and said they felt like “trash.”
Krystie Stuart Don Stuart
“It really bothered me,” Don told Dateline. “I tried to correct them and tell them she's not trash. ‘You're our daughter. We love you very much.'”
Before they left for work, Don told Krystie they should relax for the day and go to the park. Krystie agreed, and left the house to sit outside wearing black shorts, tennis shoes, a white t-shirt and a camouflage hat.
Don told Dateline Krystie didn't tell them about the dentist appointment they had scheduled for that afternoon to fix a tooth infection. The employees at the dentist's office would later tell Krystie's parents that Krystie arrived for the appointment, but the dentist couldn't fix the tooth until Krystie took a course of antibiotics, which the then dentist prescribed. The employees said Krystie seemed to have lost their car and house keys in the short time they were at the dentist's office and seemed to be under stress. Krystie did have a spare car key and left the office shortly thereafter.
Krystie's friend would later tell police they had been expecting Krystie to come over after their dentist appointment to spend the night. At 4:21 p.m., cell phone records show Krystie called that friend, who says Krystie told them they were on their way over
Krystie never arrived.
After not hearing from their daughter later that night or the following day, Krystie's parents Don and Ginger began calling their friends from church to see if anyone knew where Krystie was. Nobody had heard from them The next morning, on March 5, 2015, Don and Ginger called the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Office to report Krystie missing.
Krystie Stuart Don Stuart
“[Police] didn't take it seriously,” Don told Dateline. They said police reported Krystie as voluntarily missing because they were an adult and could have left on their own. Krystie's parents don't believe they would have left without telling them.
Dateline reached out to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Office for comment, but hadn't heard back by Sunday afternoon.
Cris Armenta, an attorney working pro bono with the Stuart family for over a year, said the classification of “voluntarily missing” made it less likely for Krystie to be found, since it's a low-urgency missing classification. This means, according to Armenta, not as many search efforts were dedicated to Krystie's disappearance as there would have been had they been reported as “suspicious missing,” a higher-urgency label. Armenta told Dateline they believe Krystie should have been marked as at least “suspicious missing,” because it was out of character for them not to be in touch with my parents.
A few days later, on March 8, 2015, Krystie's “pickup was located, unoccupied, in the desert area of north Apple Valley,” a press release from the Victor Valley Sheriff's Department said. The release said investigators were processing the vehicle but did not believe foul play was involved. The Stuart's attorney, Cris Armenta, told Dateline that if Krystie had been labeled as “suspicious missing,” police would have had to process Krystie's truck immediately on scene, rather than after it was towed from the desert.
A bloodhound did not find Krystie's scent at the scene where their truck was found, private investigator Scott Herring told Dateline. They have been working on the case since it began through Cal Advocates for the Missing, an organization that helps provide private investigators to families for free.
Krystie's parents Don and Ginger told Dateline that police found their shoes, glasses, bra and medicine in the truck, but their phone was nowhere to be found. Three days after their truck was located, Krystie's phone pinged on a cell tower “at least 10 or 15 miles away from where their truck was found,” investigator Herring told Dateline. But when Krystie's parents were allowed to retrieve the truck a few weeks later, they found Krystie's phone in the driver's seat, their father told Dateline.
Krystie Stuart Don Stuart
“There are a lot of weird things going on here,” Armenta told Dateline. The attorney also claims police took over a year to process Krystie's laptop and cell phone.
In their 22-year career, Armenta says Krystie's case is their only missing persons case that hasn't been solved.
“Usually, working together, we can solve something,” Armenta said about working with police on missing persons cases. “But the way they're working is making things very difficult.”
In December 2017, the Stuarts say they were the victims of a texting scam, they told Dateline. The texts said Krystie was being held in Tennessee and they needed $500 to take them to the hospital, as she'd recently fallen sick. After hours of working with police to verify the texts, Don and Ginger were disappointed to find the texts to be pat of a scam originating in Nigeria.
“Here we are three years later,” investigator Herring said. “We basically haven't moved or progressed.”
Krystie's mother fears the worst has happened to their daughter.
“I think there was foul play,” Ginger told Dateline. “It's been three years and, if they could at all, they would have called. They would be back home.”
Krystie Stuart is described as being 5'9” with brown eyes and brown hair. They were last seen in black gym shorts, a white t-shirt, tennis shoes and a camouflage hat. If you have any information on Krystie's whereabouts, please contact the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department at (760) 956-5001 or private investigator Scott Herring at (909) 743-4048
"It's called the bowling ball test. You know what that is? That's where they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and drop it on the hood of the car. And if the hood dents, the car doesn't qualify,” Trump said at a Missouri fundraiser, an audio recording of which was obtained by NBC News. “It's horrible, the way we're treated.”
Reporters scrambled to find factual footing. Was it this Japanese pedestrian safety test, which employs a head-shaped object roughly the size of a bowling ball? Or maybe Trump was thinking of a Nissan ad, The Washington Post suggested.
"I have no idea what they were talking about," said Kristin Dziczek, a director at the independent research firm Center for Automotive Research.
However, regulatory barriers are a very real issue in car exports, they said, as different countries employ different standards for things like emissions, safety and fuel economy.
Japan is not the only place where the U.S. faces hurdles. The center estimated in one study that regulatory differences between the European Union and the United States cost the auto industry $3.3 billion to $4.2 billion per year — more than the tariffs imposed by the E.U. and U.S. on the foreign-made cars crossing borders.
Dziczek said the Trans-Pacific Partnership eased the regulatory hurdles American automakers face selling cars in Japan, by allowing signatories to use the same expedited review processes domestic Japanese carmakers enjoyed with their vehicles. But Trump withdrew from the TPP shortly after their inauguration, sending the U.S. back to Square 1 when it comes to regulatory obstacles in the auto market.
James Fatheree, vice president for Asia for the International Affairs Division of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, was also unfamiliar with Trump's claim.
"I've not heard about a bowling ball being dropped on a car," Fatheree told NBC News. "Usually, automotive safety tests are not allegorical."
They said that in recent years, Japan has sought to help make it easier for exporters, as it did under the TPP trade deal.
As for the supposed test being illustrative of real "creative practices" countries might use to keep American-made goods out, Fatheree said simply: "No cars would pass that test."
FILE - In this April 17, 2018, file photo, Australian missionary Sister Patricia Fox gestures as they are interviewed by reporters after they were released from custody at the Bureau of Immigration in Manila, Philippines. The Philippines on Wednesday, April 25, 2018 cancelled Fox's missionary visa for engaging in political activity and gave them 30 days to leave the country. Aaron Favila, File AP Photo
Joel Embiid dismisses Olivia Pierson's girlfriend claim
Joel Embiid dismissed a claim from model Olivia Pierson on Valentine's Day that the two are dating in their typical hilarious fashion.
Pierson, who is a model and became well known after appearing on E!'s TV show, “WAGS” for dating tight end Marcedes Lewis, posted on Instagram Tuesday wishing the 76ers star a happy Valentine's Day. The note was sweet and intimate, but is it accurate?
Embiid responded with an Instagram story in which they labeled Pierson's post “FakeNews.” They also commented on it saying it's “old news.”
You can see Pierson's original post on the left and Embiid's response on the right:
Olivia Pierson (famous for athlete relationships) posted a pic with JoJo today. Check their response pic.twitter.com/EeWD5224ii — Philly Sports (@MadeForPhilly) February 14, 2017
Pierson, who has 1.5 million Instagram followers, has deleted the post.
Maybe Embiid is just trying to protect their public image with the ladies because he's still holding out for this girl.
H/T Black Sports Online
New Music: Olamide – Owo Shayo
YBNL's finest, Olamide who has got no chill for releasing hit songs is back again with this new banger, titled “Owo Shayo”.
“Owo Shayo” serves as another dance-entry-tune which baddo serves on a para-mode. The beautiful tune is for the street and the Steet-King takes charge with their lines in their new banger.
The new song which might obviously peak on the charts is produced by YBNL's in-house producer, Pheelz.
Listen and Enjoy!
https://www.yabaleftonline.ng/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Olamide-Owo-Shayo-prod.-Pheelz.mp3
DOWNLOAD MP3
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post New Music: Olamide – Owo Shayo appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lorde kicked off the European leg of their Melodrama world tour last week, and she's been performing their cover of Phil Collins' “In The Air Tonight” during all of the shows. Until last night, that is, when in Paris they subbed it out for a cover of the 1975's “Somebody Else” instead. That song is, of course, off their still-unfortunately-titled 2016 album I like it when you sleep, for you are so beautiful yet so unaware of it. Watch their take on the song below. Earlier this week, Lorde announced that Run The Jewels, Mitski, and Tove Styrke would open the North American leg of their tour.
Earlier this week, Lorde announced that Run The Jewels, Mitski, and Tove Styrke would open the North American leg of their tour.
This article originally appeared on Stereogum.
Probably no one knew it would be the beginning of a nearly 20-year stint at Chelsea, but Terry made their debut for Chelsea on Oct. 28, 1998 against Aston Villa in a League Cup tie. They would later be loaned to Nottingham Forest for a bit, but their Chelsea career started here.
This content is subject to copyright. Getty Images
AWS Maker Studio on https://www.twitch.tv/aws kicks off the first season building a cloud-connected robot. Join AWS Makers to learn the basics of building your first robot to learning dev ops for IoT of your robot. For more information, visit http://amzn.to/2rbBNsO.
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Johnny Manziel may have violated restraining order at club
Johnny Manziel may have been in violation of their restraining order on Sunday night/Monday morning.
Manziel celebrated on New Year's day Sunday night at LIV nightclub in Miami, according to their social media postings. Ordinarily that wouldn't present an issue, but TMZ Sports points out that Manziel was in the same club as ex-girlfriend Colleen Crowley.
Crowley, who has posted photos on Instagram showing that they are in Miami/South Beach, shared a video to their Instagram story that was taken at LIV nightclub Sunday night. Manziel also shared videos on Snapchat showing them partying at LIV, though they later deleted the postings.
The issue is that as part of their settlement for their domestic violence case involving Crowley, whom Manziel was accused of assaulting last year, Manziel is not allowed to have contact with Crowley. Other terms of their settlement with prosecutors included attending a domestic violence impact panel and completing an anger management course.
It's unclear whether there will be any fallout from this matter.
Entertainment icon Donny Osmond returned to “Dancing with the Stars” on Monday night for a live singing performance—and then revealed how they will be celebrated their 60th birthday milestone later this year.
After Osmond, who won season 9 of “DWTS,” sang “I'll Make a Man Out of You” for Fifth Harmony singer Normani Kordei's Disney “Mulan” dance, they told FOX411 about marking the milestone.
The star who has been in the public eye since they were a kid, will turn 60 this December 9, and plans to go on a trip “around the world” with their wife of nearly 39 years, Debra.
“We're going to see places we've never gone before and I'm not going to disclose where we're going to be.
“That's the big 60. It's scary. I'm scared,” they admitted.
But the star, who began entertaining with the famed Osmond family and had a TV show with their sister, Marie Osmond, has no reason to fear. They never stops working. They and Marie have done their show in Las Vegas for the past nine years. Osmond's dancing skill won them the “DWTS” mirror ball trophy in 2009 with partner Kym Johnson. And they just released their 60th album, “The Soundtrack of My Life,” before their 60th birthday.
“I've done it all, baby,” they smiled to reporters. “And I thought, where do I want to be for my 60th—do I want a big hoopla? And [I decided] I just want to be with my wife some place where nobody knows me, just the two of us, on an island someplace, maybe….on certain South Pacific islands.”
Family man Osmond said they and Debra can now travel because they are “empty nesters” as their five sons have all left home.
Still, the boys are always in their hearts. “Our youngest son is on a mission for the Mormon Church in Italy and they said, ‘This is going to be hard learning Italian.' And I said, ‘Son, if you have to learn Italian, so will I.' So I'm learning Italian.”
DOHA, Qatar (AP) Defending champion Novak Djokovic had a slow start to their first match of 2017 before prevailing 7-6 (1), 6-3 over Jan-Lennard Struff in the first round of the Qatar Open on Monday.
Second-seeded Djokovic trailed 4-0 in the opener before recovering to 5-5 and finally finding their form in the tiebreaker, where their 63rd-ranked German opponent won only one point.
The second-ranked Serb broke serve in the first and last games of the second set to close out the match.
Djokovic next plays either Horacio Zeballos or Florian Mayer in the second round.
Top-seeded Andy Murray plays 69th-ranked Jeremy Chardy of France in their opener on Tuesday.
Murray, who took the top ranking from Djokovic at the end of last year, was in action on Monday with Mariusz Fyrstenberg in the doubles. The pair lost to David Marrero and Nenad Zimonjic 6-2, 6-4.
Thetford Town playmaker Cameron King has completed a move to League of Ireland Premier Division side Shamrock Rovers.
The 21-year-old joined Thetford last summer following their release by Norwich City, for whom they made one senior appearance.
King's performances at Mundford Road attracted the attention of a host of scouts, with their return of 16 goals helping the Brecklanders to finish seventh in the Thurlow Nunn League Premier Division.
The Bury St Edmunds-born player has had a couple of trials elsewhere this summer, but it is the 17-time champions of Ireland that have won the race for their signature.
Stephen Bradley — the Shamrock manager — told the club's website: “I was made aware of Cameron about six weeks ago and advised that I should take a serious look at him.
“Sometimes you get players in and they're not what people say they are.
“Cameron was and he's definitely going to be an attacking threat for us.
“We got them initially for just two or three days and straight away we liked what we saw.
“He's very direct, very clever on the ball. They can play any attacking position, right, left or as a 10.
“We have them until the end of the season so hopefully they can show that quality.
“He has good character, he's hungry to get their career back on track and hopefully this is the place for him.
“I see them being a good player for us between now and the end of the season and making a real impact.”
Shamrock is fourth in the current League of Ireland standings.
Nigeria's government has proposed closing the airport in its capital, Abuja, for six weeks to repair runways that some airlines have described as dangerous.
Continue Reading Below
The government wants to close Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, the country's second busiest, for most of February and March. Work by German construction company Julius Berger will continue after the airport reopens and is expected to take six months.
Flights would be diverted for six weeks to Kaduna city, which is 250 kilometers (155 miles) from Abuja on a road frequented by bandits.
A government statement Monday says officials will meet stakeholders on Thursday, realizing the “high level of discomfort and inconvenience” the closure of one of West Africa's busiest airports will cause.
Lonzo Ball has funny quote about their deep 3-pointers
Lonzo Ball has developed a little bit of a reputation for their shooting confidence after draining some three-pointers from Steph Curry range.
The UCLA first-year student point guard is averaging 5.6 attempts from downtown on the season and shooting 43.2 percent on threes. This three against Oregon last week had everyone talking:
12 hours later and this Lonzo Ball shot is still amazing. #SCtop10 pic.twitter.com/a4Zvm5ZkPD — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) February 10, 2017
Some of their long shots have prompted questions about their shot selection, but Ball says they aren't being questioned by the Bruins' staff since he's making so many of them.
Lonzo Ball on whether UCLA's analytics people talk to them about 30-footers: "As long as they're going in, they don't really care." — Ben Bolch (@latbbolch) February 15, 2017
It's hard to argue with the results.
The brazen shooting certainly runs in the Ball family. Being fearless helped Lonzo's youngest brother LaMelo score 92 points in a high school game last week.
Microsoft's Xbox One X, née Project Scorpio, has been a major topic at E3 2017. As we've previously written, the updated console packs considerably more firepower than anything Sony currently has on the market, though it'll also debut at a higher $499 price as opposed to the PS4 Pro's $399. According to Microsoft's Phil Spencer, that premium position is no accident. It's a reflection of whom the Xbox One X is meant to appeal to, and should signify that the console really doesn't have any competition.
“I look at Pro as more of a competitor to S than I do to Xbox One X,” Spencer told Eurogamer in an extensive interview. “This is a true 4K console. If you just look at the specs of what this box is, it's in a different league than any other console that's out there. When I think about techniques to somehow manufacture a 4K screen like what some other consoles try to do, this is different than that.
“This is 40 per cent more GPU,” they continued. “The amount of RAM we have in this, the speed of the RAM, the speed of the hard drive, the reaction we're getting from developers… There's not a tonne [ton] of work developers are having to do to get to 4K, and then they can spend the extra headroom they have and time to perfect the game they want to build. That's why we're able to say, over 30 games will have 4K updates for Xbox One X when we launch it.”
Comments like this suggest Spencer is channeling a bit of Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai's hubris. When Kaz announced the $499 and $599 price for the PlayStation 3 they declared, “The next generation doesn't start until we say it does,” despite the fact that the Xbox 360 had been in-market for a year before the PlayStation 3 debuted.
The idea that the Xbox One S competes with the PS4 Pro in performance is farcical. Even before the PS4 Pro launched, the PS4 was widely recognized as having an edge over the Xbox One, with more GPU hardware, more memory bandwidth, higher in-game resolution and generally smoother gameplay. The Xbox One S may have delivered a small performance uptick compared with the original Xbox One, but the PS4 Pro more than doubled the available GPU horsepower of the PlayStation 4. At equivalent levels of optimization, the PS4 Pro should make hash out of the Xbox One S every single time.
What's more interesting is that, according to Spencer, Microsoft expects to keep selling a majority of Xbox One S consoles, with the Xbox One X positioned firmly as a premium option for console gamers that demand an uncompromisingly good experience. And while I can hear certain elements of the PC gaming community warming up to snark already, the fact is this: It's going to be very difficult to build a PC from scratch that can match the Xbox One X's relative performance from within a $500 envelope.
You can certainly upgrade an existing PC to add additional horsepower — re-using components changes the financial equation dramatically. But building a 4K-capable system for under $500 including case, power supply, OS license, Blu-ray drive, keyboard, mouse, and equivalent components? That's not cheap. No console can match the absolute high end of the PC market, but the Xbox One X's firepower at the $500 price point should make it a formidable competitor.
Spencer also admits in the interview Microsoft doesn't really have any plans for AAA titles that will showcase the Xbox One X as a must-have system over and above the Xbox One S. This is less damning than it may seem. Any time new platforms launch, it takes time for developers to build the kind of AAA experiences that set them apart from the previous generation.
The Xbox One X and PS4 Pro are both further hampered in this endeavor by their own mandates that any game that runs on either refresh must also run on its older predecessor. That's not a bad thing, from gamer's perspectives. But it means that developers will be slower to build in features and capabilities that make the newer platforms shine. The industry hits this chicken-and-egg problem every time a new cycle starts, and this is no different.
Evaluating strictly on expected price/performance ratio, I'd personally go for an Xbox One X over the PS4 Pro or the Xbox One S, and it'll be very interesting to see if demand for the new platform matches Microsoft's expectations. The Xbox One X should, at minimum, “finish” the generational upgrade by expanding the gap between the top of the Xbox One family and the last-generation Xbox 360. Then again, I'm a PC gamer — if I were to buy a console, I'd buy the console that came the closest to offering equivalent hardware to what I game on already.
Now read: The Best Free Games on the Xbox One
The announcement last week that Saudi Arabia's King Salman has lifted the ban on women driving doesn't mean that females have had no real say in the country's automotive market up until now. Just like in the rest of the world, women have a huge influence when it comes to vehicle purchases.
In the U.S., for example, women either directly choose, or less directly influence almost two-thirds of new vehicle purchases, according to data from J.D. Power and Associates.
“While I was there, one of the high-ranking ministers told me, ‘Who are you kidding? My wife picked out my car!'” automotive industry analyst Rebecca Lindland told NBC News of their three years working in the Saudi kingdom.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Saudi king issues order allowing women to drive 2:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The king's announcement was widely hailed both in and out of the country as a vital move, part of the program being putting in place to transform Saudi Arabia by 2030 beyond just one of the world's largest producers of oil.
Related: It's About More Than Allowing Saudi Women Behind the Wheel
The move will not officially go into effect immediately. Among other things, the government said driver training programs will need be set up, and even police will need to be trained in how to deal with a woman driver in a country with severe rules on the interaction between men and women in public.
But it's seen as especially critical for women who don't immediately have access to a male relative or some other acceptable driver to go shopping or deal with other household affairs.
"Things have to change. People are demanding it," Sahar Nasief, who lives in in the Red Sea city of Jiddah, and an active campaigner for the right for women to drive, told the Associated Press. "Young people don't want to live the way we lived. They want to live better. They want to live how other people are living."
How the Kingdom Will Change
At a time when the Saudi economy is being hurt by weak oil prices, an ongoing war with rebels in nearby Yemen, a boycott of neighbor Qatar, and government austerity measures, this move could help boost business. The Saudi automotive market is currently down by more than 10 percent, according to global auto tracking service Focus2Go, and “not recovering.”
“It's way too early to tell what is going to happen,” said Dave Sargent, head of automotive research at J.D. Power. “The people in Saudi Arabia are still digesting what this means and how it will all play out. In the short term, the effect will be relatively small in terms of vehicle sales. Saudi families, other than very wealthy ones, are unlikely to immediately rush out and buy additional cars in large numbers.”
Automakers aren't likely to take any steps to increase shipments to Saudi Arabia, Sargent added, until they get a clearer view of what the new rules will mean towards overall car sales and, in particular, “which vehicle segments Saudi women gravitate to.”
For their part, analyst Lindland expects Saudi's new women drivers will be drawn to “smaller cars that are fit for one to four people,” rather than the larger and more expensive cars and SUVs that currently dominate the market.
“ Evidence suggests women are safer drivers, so we're looking forward to women showing men a thing or two on the road.”
The impact could play out over time, Lindland added. It's unclear how many older women will exercise their new freedom, but they expect younger women will see it as a rite of passage, much like those in the rest of the world.
Having had no experience behind the wheel, Saudi officials plan to develop training programs for the women drivers before the king's new decree takes effect.
But, despite the classic jokes about women drivers, “"Evidence…suggests women are safer drivers, so we're looking forward to women showing men a thing or two on the road,” said Amanda Stretton, a former British race car driver and editor of the website Confused.com.
WASHINGTON — A better mammogram? Increasingly women are asked if they want a 3-D mammogram instead of the regular X-ray — and now U.S. health officials are starting a huge study to tell if the newer, sometimes pricier choice really improves screening for breast cancer.
It's the latest dilemma in a field that already vexes women with conflicting guidelines on when to get checked: Starting at age 40, 45 or 50? Annually or every other year?
The issue: Mammograms can save lives if they catch aggressive breast cancers early. But they also can harm through frequent false alarms and by spotting tumors that grow so slowly they never would have posed a threat — over-diagnosis that means some women undergo unneeded treatment.
That trade-off is a key question as doctors begin recruiting 165,000 women nationally to compare potentially more beneficial 3-D mammograms — known scientifically as "tomosynthesis" — with standard two-dimensional digital mammography.
Related: New Report Questions Value of Mammograms
The 3-D mammograms have been marketed as being able to find more cancers.
"But the idea isn't so much finding more cancers as finding the cancers that are going to be life-threatening," said Dr. Worta McCaskill-Stevens of the National Cancer Institute, which is funding the new research to tell whether the 3-D scans truly pinpoint the tumors that matter most.
It's one of the largest randomized trials of mammography in decades, and scientists designed the research to do more than answer that key 3-D question. They hope the findings also, eventually, will help clear some of the confusion surrounding best screening practices.
"The most important thing about this study is that it's moving us to individualized screening as opposed to what we have now, which is one-size-fits-all screening," predicted study chair Dr. Etta Pisano, a radiologist at Boston's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.
"We are going to have a much better understanding of how to screen women so that we do the least amount of harm."
WHO NEEDS A MAMMOGRAM?
That depends on whom you ask. Guidelines vary for women at average risk of breast cancer. (Those at increased risk, because of family history or genetics, already get different advice.)
The American College of Radiology recommends annual mammograms starting at age 40.
The American Cancer Society urges annual checks starting at 45 and switching to every other year at 55, though it says women 40 to 44 still can opt for a mammogram.
And the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a government advisory group, recommends starting at age 50, with mammograms every other year. It, too, says 40-somethings can choose earlier screening.
WHAT ABOUT 3-D MAMMOGRAMS?
Standard mammograms take X-rays from two sides of the breast. With tomosynthesis, additional X-rays are taken at different angles -- not truly three-dimensional but a computer compiles them into a 3-D-like image. First approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 2011, they're not yet the standard of care in part because of questions that the new study aims to answer.
Some studies have found tomosynthesis detects more cancer with fewer false alarms; they're often advertised as particularly useful for younger women's dense breasts.
HOW TO DECIDE?
Understand that mammograms come with pros and cons, and weigh them, said Dr. Otis Brawley, the American Cancer Society's chief medical officer.
Breast cancer is far less common at age 40 than at age 50 and beyond. After menopause, tumors tend to grow more slowly and women's breast tissue becomes less dense and easier for mammograms to provide a clearer image.
Consider: For every 1,000 women screened every other year until their 70s, starting at 40 instead of 50 would prevent one additional death — but create 576 more false alarms and 58 extra unneeded biopsies, the task force estimated. Also, two extra women would be treated for tumors that never would have become life-threatening — that over-diagnosis problem.
As for what type to choose, some insurers, including Medicare, cover the 3-D version, and a small number of states mandate coverage. Other insurers may require women to pay $50 to $100 more out of pocket. Whoever ultimately pays, extra time to analyze the scans adds to the cost.
THE NEW STUDY
About 100 mammography clinics across the U.S., and a few in Canada, will enroll healthy women ages 45 to 74 who already are planning to get a routine mammogram. They'll be randomly assigned to get either the regular or 3-D version for five years. Most will be screened annually but post-menopausal women who don't have certain cancer risk factors will be screened every other year.
Researchers will track every woman's results including samples from biopsies plus genetic and other tests, as well as how any cancer patients fare. The giant database hopefully will help them tease out more information about which women benefit most from what type and frequency of screening.
"Mammography has been provocative over many decades. It's important that women have a better understanding of how mammography is important for them based upon their age and other risk factors," said McCaskill-Stevens.
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
TRENTON, N.J. — New data show that the number of prescriptions for opioid painkillers filled in the U.S. fell dramatically last year. They showed their biggest drop in 25 years.
The decline comes amid increasing legal restrictions and public awareness of the dangers of addiction.
A health data firm released a report Thursday showing a 9 percent average drop nationwide in the number of prescriptions for opioids filled by retail and mail-order pharmacies. All 50 states and the District of Columbia had declines of more than 5 percent, the data showed.
The U.S. is estimated to consume roughly 30 percent of all opioids used worldwide.
The number of prescriptions for opioid painkillers filled in the U.S. fell dramatically last year, showing their biggest drop in 25 years and continuing a decline amid increasing legal restrictions and public awareness of the dangers of addiction, new data show.
Health data firm IQVIA's Institute for Human Data Science released a report Thursday showing an 8.9 percent average drop nationwide in the number of prescriptions for opioids filled by retail and mail-order pharmacies. All 50 states and the District of Columbia had declines of more than 5 percent. Declines topped 10 percent in 18 states, including all of New England and other states hit hard by the opioid overdose epidemic, such as West Virginia and Pennsylvania.
"We're at a really critical moment in the country when everybody's paying attention to this issue," said Michael Kleinrock, the institute's research director. "People really don't want them if they can avoid them."
There was an even greater drop in total dosage of opioid prescriptions filled in 2017, down 12 percent from 2016. Reasons for that include more prescriptions being for a shorter duration, a 7.8 percent decline in new patients starting on opioid prescriptions and far fewer high-dose prescriptions.
Opioid doses are measured in "morphine milligram equivalents." (A standard Vicodin pill has the equivalent of 5 milligrams of morphine.) Prescriptions for dosages of 90 morphine milligram equivalents per day or more, which carry the highest addiction risk, declined by 16 percent last year, according to the report.
The U.S. is estimated to consume roughly 30 percent of all opioids used worldwide.
Opioid prescriptions and daily doses rose steadily starting in the 1990s, fueled by factors including marketing of new opioid pills such as Oxycontin. Use peaked in 2011 at levels far above those in other wealthy countries where national health systems control narcotics more aggressively.
The U.S. decline began after overdoses and deaths from prescription opioids and illicit narcotics soared, and multiple groups pushed back.
The federal government and about half the states have enacted restrictions, such as limiting the dose or duration of opioids that can be prescribed. Insurers and drug stores began imposing similar limits on opioid use for acute pain, as opposed to cancer and chronic pain patients. The Drug Enforcement Administration increased prosecution of heavy prescribers. And numerous medical groups have issued guidelines urging prescribers to offer other pain-management options when possible and to limit doses and duration of opioid prescriptions.
Despite those measures, deaths from drug overdoses have continued to increase in the U.S. and emergency rooms saw a big jump in overdoses from opioids last year, according to government data.
Doctors have been heeding the messages from medical groups, and some worry they'll be arrested or lose their license if they provide too many opioids, said Bob Twillman, executive director of the Academy of Integrative Pain Management, which represents doctors and others who treat pain patients.
"We get a lot of phone calls from patients whose primary care doctors have said they won't prescribe opioids at all," and want referrals to other doctors, Twillman said.
The opioid data are part of IQVIA's annual report on U.S. drug-spending trends. It noted that last year the total spent on prescription drugs, after multiple discounts and rebates drugmakers give to middlemen, was $324 billion, up 0.6 percent. The report forecasts that after such discounts, drug spending will rise by 2 percent to 5 percent annually for the next five years.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions didn't answer a number of questions from senators during their testimony on Tuesday — but they didn't invoke executive privilege to avoid doing so.
They said only the president can use executive privilege to shield conversations from the public.
Sessions told the Senate Intelligence Committee they had a different reason for not answering certain questions: It's how such matters have been handled in the Justice Department for years.
"It's longstanding policy in the Department of Justice not to comment on conversations that the attorney general has had with the president of the United States for confidential reasons that really are founded in the co-equal branch powers of the Constitution of the United States," Sessions said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Total (Can't) Recall: Jeff Sessions' Common Response at Senate Hearing 0:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That led to a series of frustrated and sometimes tense exchanges with critics of President Donald Trump on the panel, many of whom disputed the claims that Sessions had a solid legal basis for refusing to their answer their questions.
Sessions's first attempt to deflect the questions came in response to Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, a Democrat who asked the attorney general if they had confidence in former FBI Director Robert Mueller's appointment as special counsel to probe whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.
Warner cited reports that a friend of Trump's suggested that they were considering removing Mueller from the investigation.
Sessions responded that they had confidence in Mueller. But they refused to discuss the reports at all "because I know nothing about the investigation."
Warner asked Sessions if they were evoking executive privilege. Sessions said no.
Executive privilege is a recognized power of the president to keep some conversations and material secret, even when requested by Congress or a court subpoena.
RELATED: Sessions says it is "appalling and detestable lie" to accuse them of collusion with Russians
The Supreme Court has upheld the power as a qualified privilege — meaning the president does have some power here, but it is not an absolute or automatic power to protect all secrets.
In the modern era, presidents have invoked the privilege for national security secrets, internal deliberations and during some court cases and investigations.
Most administrations, however, invoke it sparingly — the privilege was formally invoked once by Barack Obama, six times by George W. Bush and 14 times by Bill Clinton, according to the Congressional Research Service.
Less clear is the policy that Sessions invoked Tuesday.
“Unfortunately, the Attorney General repeatedly refused to answer pertinent questions from members of the Senate Intelligence Committee without offering a scintilla of a legal justification for doing so," said Senator Charles Schumer, who is not a member of the panel.
"This is part of a repeated and troubling pattern from Trump administration officials who clam up and refuse to answer questions about the Russia investigation, even though cabinet officials have had no qualms talking about their conversations with the President," they added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'More anger than substance': Sessions' on the Hill 9:58 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Justice Department said after the hearing that there is written guidance on disclosing conversations between the attorney general and the president. It was written by Washington, D.C., lawyer Ted Olson when they ran the department's Office of Legal Counsel.
Sessions told Sen. Angus King of Maine that Trump had not invoked executive privilege themselves regarding matters explored by the committee on Tuesday.
"So, what is the legal basis for your refusal to answer these questions?" King, an Independent, asked.
Sessions replied: "I am protecting the right of the president to assert it if they choose."
King said they were puzzled by that response.
"I don't understand how you can have it both ways," King said. "The president can't assert it and you've testified that only the president can assert it and yet I just don't understand the legal basis for your refusal to answer."
Sessions responded that most Cabinet officials would do the same thing, although they did not cite any precedent for doing so.
RELATED: Sessions says FBI probe of Clinton emails should not have been publicly discussed
Sen. Kamala Harris of California, a Democrat, also pressed Sessions on the matter, asking if it was a written policy.
"I think so," Sessions said.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), only the second black woman to be elected to the US Senate, speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill on March 28, 2017. Zach Gibson / Getty Images
Harris followed up by asking if Sessions had reviewed the policy before the hearing since they knew it would be an issue. Sessions said they had discussed it with department lawyers.
The Republican National Committee released a statement detailing efforts by Obama administration officials to keep conversations involving the president private.
Obama Chief of Staff Jack Lew in 2012 refused to discuss consultations with Obama regarding a scandal involving the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
Another, the RNC pointed out, was Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes, who the White House refused to allow to testify to Congress on the sealing of a nuclear deal with Iran.
At the time, the White House cited "significant constitutional concerns" about maintaining the president's autonomy.
Legal expert Jonathan Turley said in an interview that Sessions didn't appear to do anything wrong, and that their refusal to answer questions was in line with what previous administrations have done.
"Communications that the attorney general had with president on this subject would fall squarely within the scope of executive privilege as invoked by both Democratic and Republican administrations," Turley said.
But Turley also said that the White House could have avoided the confrontation by formally invoking executive privilege ahead of time.
"There's no evidence that either side was looking for accommodation," they said. "They were prepared to have a confrontation, and they did."
(AP Photo/Frank Franklin II). Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) hands the ball to manager AJ Hinch as they leaf during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York.
By The Associated Press
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's postseason. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis.  They are 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andrew Miller has been cleared to start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in their right knee. Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in their knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity." While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that they don't need surgery and can resume throwing is good news for the Indians.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FRESNO, Calif. — Authorities have recovered the bodies believe to be those of a Chinese couple in a car that plunged off a cliff in California's Kings Canyon National Park.
Fresno County Sheriff's spokesperson Tony Botti said Friday a rescue crew on successfully extracted the bodies a day earlier from the Kings River.
They say they are presumed to be 31-year-old Yinan Wang and their 30 year-old-wife Jie Song. The couple vanished during an August vacation.
Botti said that a coroner official must still positively identify the couple.
Authorities believe their car plunged 500 feet (150 metres) over the cliff.
The car was found as authorities were recovering another car that had plunged into the river earlier.
The bodies of two exchange students from Thailand were recovered from that car last month.
On the same day they were dealing with an apparently leaked toxicology report that listed the drugs found in their system when they were arrested on a DUI charge, Tiger Woods had a much more pleasant experience at dinner, joining PGA champion Justin Thomas, according to this tweet.
Got to have a great dinner with the PGA champion @JustinThomas34 and their family and friends. pic.twitter.com/QwVo5aJ0bg — Tiger Woods (@TigerWoods) August 15, 2017
No word on where the meeting took place. Thomas lives in Jupiter, Fla.; Woods in adjacent Hobe Sound. The most likely venue: Woods' restaurant, The Woods, in Jupiter. For Woods, it was an opportunity to reconnect with the Wannamaker Trophy, which they won four times (1999, 2000, 2006 and 2007). For Thomas, who topped the field on Sunday at Quail Hollow, it was an opportunity to show off their first major hardware of any kind.
The post mortem from UVA head coach Tony Bennett
| By
The Cav's historic March Madness loss to UMBC on Friday – put into perspective by head coach Tony Bennett:
WPLY-MIN-WEB
Computer glasses, the name given to spectacles designed to make looking at any kind of screen less tiring on your eyes, are rarely high-fashion items. They're designed to perform a function, which doesn't usually include looking fabulous. Felix Gray doesn't agree, and has added a new model to its already extensive range of great-looking anti-glare computer glasses — the Kepler.
Taking its inspiration for the name from German mathematician Johannes Kepler is appropriate, given the European styling for the new glasses, which are the first in Felix Gray's range to combine acetate and metal to create the frame. This feature, along with being the first pair with a nose bridge, gives the Kepler a refined look unlike most other computer glasses you'll see.
The term digital eyewear is likely more appropriate here, given how they protect your peepers from digital eye strain. The objective of wearing them is to combat dry eyes and blurred vision, avoid headaches, and minimize exposure to blue light emitted from our screens. We stare at a lot of screens for much of the day, so taking some of the strain off our eyes when we can make a difference in the way we feel.
Felix Gray's lenses have an anti-glare coating to help our eyes relax and to sharpen vision, plus a clever blue light filter system that's actually blended into the lens itself. Rather than a yellow-tinged lens — part of what makes other, similar glasses unpleasant to look at — the Kepler's lens has a synthesized version of a natural blue light blocking pigment along with other materials infused into it that filter out blue light without coloring the lens itself, even at the highest energy wavelengths of 400 to 440nm.
The result should be a pair of beneficial glasses you will actually be confident about wearing. Although prescription lenses aren't available, Felix Gray told Digital Trends it's working on providing such an option in 2018. For now, you can add a degree of magnification to turn them into reading glasses. Each pair of Kepler glasses are made to order, cost $125 through the company's website, and come in three different colors.
Digital eye strain affects 65 percent of Americans, according to The Vision Council, but experts remind us that blue light from a screen isn't the only factor affecting our sleep, and some suggest that simply staying away from screens for 30-plus minutes before going to bed is enough. Felix Gray has competition from eyewear maker Jins and its varied Jins Screen range. These include both day and night models that can have prescription lenses added to them.
By Vasco Chaya
Despite them being the man of the moment, Jah Prayzah is not giving their blockbuster studio album Kutonga Kwaro enough time to sizzle down on the market as they have already lined up a new studio project.
The still-to-be-named album is expected on the market shelves end of year.
Speaking through their manager Keen Mushapaidze, Jah Prayzah said there is nothing to stop them from churning out albums on yearly basis.
“We have planned to launch our new album end of this year. Preparations for the album are already at an advanced stage,” said Mushapaidze.
In a previous interview with the Daily News, the Jerusarema hit-maker said they routinely release new songs on the market so as to remain relevant in the competitive music industry.
“I believe musicians should constantly interact with fans through new products. This helps artistes to remain relevant in showbiz as fans always expect new stuff to dance to.
“If you take long to produce new material you might be forgotten and it will be difficult to rise again once you are down,” Jah Prayzah said.
The album Kutonga Kwaro saw the lanky Uzumba-born artiste clinching three National Arts Merit Awards — Outstanding Male Artiste, Outstanding Album and Outstanding Song gongs — early this year.
Since they shot to fame in 2009, thanks to their second album Sungano Yerudo, they have become one of the few artistes who shows consistency when it comes to releasing albums on yearly basis. DailyNews
Defra scientists have confirmed an outbreak of bird flu at a poultry farm near Redgrave.
The UK's Deputy Chief Veterinary Officer announced at 3.15pm on Monday an initial 10km Temporary Control Zone around the premises, which stretches from east of Brettenham to Diss and Banham to Badwell Ash,
Defra's map showing the Temporary Control Zone around Redgrave following the suspected bird flu outbreak Map: Defra/Ordnance Survey
The move followed an investigation into a suspected case of avian influenza where Defra says laboratory analysis has identified the presence of the H5N8 strain – the same strain as has been found in the north of England and Wales.
Yesterday (Tuesday) Defra confirmed: “Further investigations into the nature of the virus have now confirmed that it is the same highly pathogenic strain of H5N8 that has been found in wild and farmed birds in the UK since December 2016.”
Bird flu comes in forms described as ‘low pathogenic' meaning it causes little or no clinical signs in the birds, and ‘highly pathogenic' meaning it can cause severe clinical signs and high mortality rates.
The Defra statement added: “The affected premises is estimated to contain approximately 23,000 birds.
Biosecurity precautions aere in place at the poultry unit. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE
“A number have died and it has been decided to humanely cull the remaining birds. A full investigation is under way to determine the source of the infection.”
The map reference given on the Defra order is for a two-barn poultry facility on Fen Road where a sign on the gate says ‘Bridge Farm, House 3/4'. The nearby Gressingham Foods stresses it is not one of its sites.
Though Defra is taking the lead on handling the incident, Suffolk Trading Standards staff are backing them up on the ground.
A spokesperson for Suffolk County Council said Trading standards staff are today (Wednesday) going door-to-door in the 3km zone to give out information provided by Defra and answer questions.
Disinfectant spraying equipment is ready at the gate.. Picture: MARK BULLIMORE
The spokesperson added: “Defra say there shouldn't be a major effect on other premises because this has been caught so early in the process.
“People are discouraged from feeding or putting food out for wild birds, particularly if they keep flocks of birds in their gardens.”
The 10km Temporary Control Zone consists of a 3km Zone A and 10km Zone B and controls are equivalent to those which would apply in the 3km Protection Zone and the 10km Surveillance Zone around a confirmed case.
This involves recording visitors and restrictions on the movements of birds, poultry waste and eggs as well as other biosecurity measures.
The national nature reserve at Redgrave and Lopham Fen is close to the site and the 10km control zone includes Banham Zoo.
Public Health England advises the risk to public health from the virus is very low and the Food Standards Agency is clear that bird flu does not pose a food safety risk for UK consumers.
Full details of the area affected with links to the control zone order can be found here.
Defra's full details of restrictions and advice on protecting flocks can ben found here.
For advice and guidance on what to do if you keep poultry or to report suspicion of disease in animals you can also call the Defra Rural Services Helpline on 03000 200 301.
The public should report dead wild birds to the Defra helpline on 03459 33 55 77. Defra will collect some of these birds and test them to help us understand how the disease is distributed geographically and in different types of bird.
Defra says bird owners must register flocks of over 50 birds but also advises people with fewer birds to register the flock so it can get in touch with them if there is an outbreak. For details click here
President Donald Trump is unveiling further details Wednesday on a tax reform plan that is being hyped as offering “the biggest tax cut in history” — but for whom?
Despite the president's comments earlier this month that their plan will “benefit the middle class and benefit companies, where they're going to be producing jobs," early estimates note that the majority of tax cuts will instead go to the wealthiest households.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed GOP Tax Reform Plan: Breaking Down Its Biggest Goals 5:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And some of the very wealthiest get to enjoy a new benefit: Trump is proposing a 25 percent tax on “pass through” businesses, where corporate income "passes through" the business to the owner, who is then taxed at the individual tax rate. Ostensibly created to help small businesses, the pass-through tax is used more and more by top earners to circumvent a higher personal rate.
Around 95 percent of all American businesses, or about 27 million, are "pass throughs" — mainly mom-and-pop firms — but their popularity has exploded in recent years among the wealthy to keep more of their income, because individuals can use extra deductions and losses to bring their effective tax rate far below the standard corporate tax rate of 35 percent.
Related: Republicans Prepare to Unveil Expensive Tax Reform Outline
Trump is proposing a new 25 percent tax on these pass throughs to replace this system. That would essentially reduce the rate for businesses within that tax bracket by 14.6 percentage points.
Proponents said it would incentivize small businesses to reinvest in their own firms.
The majority of pass-through income, however, is going to those in the top tax brackets, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center in Washington. Those begin at $470,000 for married couples filing jointly, $418,400 for unmarried.
They calculated that more than 85 percent of the net tax benefit would then go to the top 1 percent of earners.
"Thus, any cuts in the tax rate on pass-through businesses would largely benefit high-income taxpayers," wrote left-leaning Brookings Institute think tank authors Aaron Kruplin and Adam Looney.
But others say you shouldn't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
"Just because it also benefits hedge funds doesn't mean it won't let small businesses keep more of their income," Michael Strain, director of economic policy studies at the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute think tank, told MSNBC.
A key federal regulator wants to ditch a plan that would have allowed air travelers to make in-flight cellphone calls, saying the move is a win for Americans who "value a moment of quiet at 30,000 feet."
The Federal Communications Commission had considered lifting a ban on high-altitude calls, suggesting in a 2013 proposal that the policy was "outdated." But the current chairperson of the agency announced Monday they would stop that plan from taking off, leaving in place rules that date back to the early 1990s.
Related: 'The Time Is Right': FCC Considers Allowing Cellphone Calls on Planes
"I do not believe that moving forward with this plan is in the public interest," new FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a statement Monday. "Taking it off the table permanently will be a victory for Americans across the country who, like me, value a moment of quiet at 30,000 feet."
Pai's predecessor, Tom Wheeler, had said there were "no technical reasons to prohibit such technology to operate," but proposed leaving it up to the airlines to decide whether to allow in-flight phone calls.
The backlash was swift.
Airline industry groups and labor unions adamantly opposed the idea amid worries about noisy flights and other disturbances.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed A lift on cell phone bans on airplanes? 3:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Four years later, Pai has come down on their side. In their statement, they dismissed the 2013 proposal as "ill-conceived."
Pai, who is a former President Obama first appointed to the FCC in May 2012, needs the two other agency commissioners to sign off before the 2013 plan is officially squashed, according to Reuters. Doing so would not affect current policies that allow passengers to use their mobile gadgets during flights, as long as their cellular connections are in "airplane mode."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
One in five Americans isn't socking away any money, with lower-income households especially struggling to save, according to a new Bankrate.com survey.
Bankrate found that 20 percent of more than 500 working Americans surveyed said they aren't saving any money for retirement, emergencies or other financial goals, and another 21 percent said they save 5 percent or less.
There was some good news in the survey, as well: The results showed that 16 percent of respondents, and 23 percent of young adults under 28, are saving more than 15 percent of their income.
One of the main reasons Americans aren't stashing their cash is that their pay is simply too low. Syda Productions / Shutterstock
Bankrate also found that higher income correlates to higher debt, which Bankrate.com senior economic analyst Mark Hamrick said is to be expected, to a certain extent: People who earn more are more likely to have credit extended to them by lenders, and some of those debts might be due to student loans that give college graduates enhanced earning power.
“We know there's something like $1.4 trillion student loan debt, and there is a price to be paid there,” Hamrick said.
But there also is the question of whether Americans, willing to take on more debt as the economy and consumer confidence improve, are reaching a tipping point.
A recent Ameriprise Financial survey of Americans with at least $100,000 in investable assets found that more than 60 percent of respondents in their 30s and 40s said they worry about their current debt load.
“We're living in an environment where interest rates are expected to continue to rise for the foreseeable future. That means borrowing costs are going to be rising,” Hamrick said. “There are many Americans who would benefit from the advice to live beneath their means,” they said.
“I think that's a really important message to people, no matter what your income is,” said Marcy Keckler, vice president of financial advice strategy at Ameriprise Financial.
Aside from debt, the other primary culprit Americans say keeping them from saving is stagnant income. “A big reason why so few Americans save for an adequate retirement is too-low pay,” said Josh Bivens, research director at the Economic Policy Institute, pointing out that median wages for most workers have barely budged. “Those are totally linked.”
Nearly one-third of respondents — a record high — said they would spend this year's tax refund on necessities like gas and groceries. Nearly one-third of respondents — a record high — said they would spend this year's tax refund on necessities like gas and groceries.
Bankrate's findings confirm this: Nearly 40 percent of people earning under $30,000 a year don't save any of that income, and nearly two-thirds are saving 5 percent or less.
Poor pay is primarily to blame: 37 percent of those earning less than $30,000 said their job wasn't good enough, more than double the 16 percent of the total respondent pool who said they didn't earn enough to save any more.
Ameriprise found similar results among the younger investors it surveyed: Roughly one-quarter of respondents in their 30s said their biggest financial hurdle was earning less money than they expected.
Some experts worry that recent changes to the IRS withholding tables, which have resulted in slightly higher paychecks for workers, could go unnoticed but then leave people without as much of an expected refund when tax time rolls around next year.
Related: What to look for in your new paycheck
“It's incredibly important for people to be wise with any added funds coming into their paychecks [and] not just bump up their lifestyle,” Hamrick said.
“I worry about 2019 — lots of people not getting refunds or even owing money. I think that is a potential problem,” Bivens said, and a Bankrate survey from last year illustrates why this could be a problem: Nearly one-third of respondents — a record high — said they would spend their refund on necessities like gas and groceries.
“I'm a little worried that the IRS is being encouraged to be really aggressive… to make the tax cuts seem really impactful for political reasons,” Bivens said.
Alan Waters is vice chairperson of the board of trustees for College of the Mainland.
NEW YORK (AP) — Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says on Twitter that they are running for governor in New York.
John Terry will leave Aston Villa after just one season after the club was unable to gain promotion from the Championship.
Been a pleasure to play along side you JT. All the best for the future pic.twitter.com/3KJwGlhyY7 — Ahmed Elmohamady (@Elmo_27) May 30, 2018
"John is a true leader and was everything and more that we hoped," an Aston Villa statement read. "Hugely popular and influential in the dressing room, they played a real captain's role in creating the incredible bond the players shared with our supporters, and vice-versa.
"We hope they look back on their time with Villa fondly and we wish them the very best as their career moves forward."
DETROIT (AP) — Toyota is recalling about 645,000 vehicles worldwide to fix an electrical problem that could stop airbags from inflating in a crash.
The recall covers certain Toyota Prius and Lexus RX and NX SUVs. Also covered are some Toyota Alphard, Vellfire, Sienta, Noah, Voxy, Esquire, Probox, Succeed, Corolla, Highlander, Levin and Hilux models. All were produced from May of 2015 to March of 2016.
The automaker says an open electrical circuit could occur over time. That would set off an airbag warning light and could stop the side and front airbags from deploying.
Dealers will inspect serial numbers on sensors and replace them if necessary at no cost to owners. Toyota will notify owners by letter in starting in late March.
BOSTON (AP) — Child development experts and advocates are urging Facebook to pull the plug on its new messaging app aimed at kids.
A group letter sent Tuesday to CEO Mark Zuckerberg argues that younger children — the app is intended for those under 13 — aren't ready to have social media accounts, navigate the complexities of online relationships or protect their own privacy.
Facebook launched the free Messenger Kids app in December, pitching it as a way for children to chat with family members and parent-approved friends. It doesn't give kids separate Facebook or Messenger accounts. Rather, the app works as an extension of a parent's account, and parents get controls such as the ability to decide who their kids can chat with.
The social media giant has said it fills "a need for a messaging app that lets kids connect with people they love but also has the level of control parents want."
"TARGETING YOUNGER CHILDREN"
But a group of 100 experts, advocates and parenting organizations is contesting those claims. Led by the Boston-based Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, the group includes psychiatrists, pediatricians, educators and the children's music singer Raffi Cavoukian.
"Messenger Kids is not responding to a need - it is creating one," the letter states. "It appeals primarily to children who otherwise would not have their own social media accounts." Another passage criticized Facebook for "targeting younger children with a new product."
In a statement, Facebook said on Monday that the app "helps parents and children to chat in a safer way," and emphasized that parents are "always in control" of their kids' activity. The social media giant added that it consulted with parenting experts and families, and said "there is no advertising in Messenger Kids."
KIDS AND FACEBOOK
A variety of experts and technology insiders have begun questioning the effects smartphones and social media apps are having on people's health and mental well-being — whether kids, teens or adults. Sean Parker, Facebook's first president, said late last year that the social media platform exploits "vulnerability in human psychology" to addict users. A chorus of other early employees and investors piled on with similar criticisms.
Many preteens have already found their way onto Facebook and more youth-oriented social media platforms such as Snapchat and Facebook's own Instagram, despite internal rules that require users to be at least 13 years old. Those rules are based in part on federal law, which prohibits internet companies from collecting personal information on children without their parents' permission and imposes restrictions on advertising to them.
Some companies have offered parental controls as a way of curbing unauthorized preteen use of their platforms. But Facebook's new kid-focused app, which features animations and emojis, seems to cater to a younger audience, said Josh Golin, executive director of Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood.
"It looks like something that would appeal to a 6-year-old or 7-year-old," they said.
UNCERTAIN IMPACT
Facebook wouldn't answer questions about said how popular the messaging app has been. But App Annie, an app analytics firm, said Messenger Kids has been downloaded about 80,000 times on iOS since it launched on Dec. 4. It's been in the top 40 most popular kids' apps since then. That sounds like a lukewarm reception at best.
University of Michigan developmental behavioral pediatrician Jenny Radesky, who co-signed the letter, said she's never met a parent who was clamoring to get their children onto social media at an earlier age.
"One can only assume that Facebook introduced it to engage users younger and younger," Radesky said.
That's troubling, they said, because younger children haven't yet developed the cognitive skills that enable them to think about and regulate their thoughts and actions and "allow them to realize when persuasive technology design might be manipulating them."
At the time it launched Messenger Kids, Facebook said it won't show ads or collect data for marketing to kids. And it stressed that it won't automatically move users to the regular Messenger or Facebook when they get old enough — though it might give them the option to move contacts to Messenger down the line.
Due to the small number of 4-H Royalty candidates, it was decided that only one young member would be named the 4-H Royalty. This year it was Rachel Ploss.
Ploss is not new to the 4-H Royalty Court. They were part of the court in 2016 and 2017. They were also first runner-up Miss Pulaski County in 2017. Ploss was also a 4-H Royalty applicant in 2015.
The 4-H Royalty crowning and court is given to the top 4-H members who exemplify the true qualities of the 4-H program. The 4-H Royalty and court are determined through an application and interview process. The application includes their 4-H achievement record, club involvement and community service. The candidates also complete an essay.
Emily Field and Valerie Field were named to the court. The sisters are daughters of Darrin and Dana Field. They are members of the Monroe 76'ers 4-H Club. Emily was also a 4-H Royalty applicant in 2016 and 2017.
Along with the announcing of the 4-H Royalty, 4-H members were recognized for the number of years they have dedicated to the program. Volunteers and 4-H leaders were also applauded for their continual hard work.
ENGLEWOOD — The Miami Valley Career Technology Center (MVCTC) HOSA Senior and Junior Chapters competed in the HOSA Regional Competition on February 20, 2018, at Sinclair Community College. With 11 schools represented and over 400 students competing, the MVCTC HOSA Chapter saw 34 students earn the right to advance to the State Competition. The following MVCTC students from Wayne High School were privileged to move on to the State Competition:
MVCTC Health Occupation Students of America (HOSA) Competes at Regional:
First Place Finishers
Miya Browning (Wayne) – Health Careers – Health Education
Keara Tellis (Wayne) – Biotechnology – Parliamentary Procedure
Second Place Finisher
Cheyenne Sturgill (Wayne) – Health Careers – Creative Problem-Solving
Third Place Finisher
Aman Waters (Wayne) – Health Careers – Public Health
Over the next month MVCTC HOSA competitors will continue practicing and prepping for the State HOSA Competition on April 10-11, 2018. Both MVCTC Senior and Junior HOSA Chapters hope to have members qualify for the Nationals HOSA Competitions in June of 2018 in Dallas, TX.
“The mission of HOSA is to enhance the delivery of compassionate, quality health care by providing opportunities for knowledge, skill and leadership development of all health science education students, therefore, helping the student meet the needs of the health care community.”
http://www.hhcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/35/2018/03/web1_MVCTC_logo.jpeg
Staff report
For more information about MVCTC, please visit www.mvctc.com.
For more information about MVCTC, please visit www.mvctc.com.
VICTORIA — Here are questions Attorney General David Eby has recommended to cabinet for a referendum this fall on British Columbia's electoral system:
1. Which should British Columbia use for elections to the legislative assembly (Vote for only one):
— The current first-past-the post voting system.
— A proportional representation voting system.
2. If British Columbia adopts a proportional representation voting system, which of the following voting systems do you prefer? (Vote for the voting systems you wish to support by ranking them in order of preference. You may choose to support one, two or all three of the systems):
— Dual-member proportional.
— Mixed-member proportional.
— Rural-urban.
——
Here is a look at the three systems of proportional representation that have been recommended:
— Dual-member proportional would take most of the province's existing single-member electoral districts and amalgamate them with a second neighbouring district to create two-member districts. The largest rural districts could remain unchanged as single-member districts. Parties could nominate up to two candidates in each district. They would appear on the ballot in an order determined by the party. The first seats would be won by the first candidates of the party that received the most votes in each electoral district. The second seats would be allocated based on provincewide voting results and individual district results.
— A mixed-member system would combine single-member electoral districts, where members are elected under first past the post, with seats also allocated on a regional or provincial level and based on a list of candidates running for proportional representation seats prepared by the parties.
— A rural-urban option is also a mixed system that elects members of the legislature two ways. In urban and semi-urban areas, a single transferable vote would be used to rank candidates by preference. In rural areas, single-member electoral districts would elect their representative using the first-past-the-post system, while a small number of proportional representation seats would also be allocated from a list prepared by the parties based on election results.
(STATS) – The two players in Saturday's NCAA Division I FCS Championship Game who perhaps have helped themselves the most in the playoffs for a potential NFL career are Youngstown State defensive end Derek Rivers and James Madison running back Khalid Abdullah.
Scouts have seen both players perform in some of the most important games of their four-year careers.
Rivers is Youngstown State's all-time leader in sacks (39) and ranks fourth all-time in the FCS. At 6-foot-4, 255 pounds, they have excellent size and length for an edge pass rusher, but they also have been noted for playing with a high aptitude throughout their career.
During four wins in the playoffs, Rivers has three sacks for negative-23 yards and two other tackles for loss as well as four quarterback hurries and a fumble recovery.
In moving closer to draft boards, Abdullah is coming off one of the most impressive performances of their career – 180 rushing yards on 23 carries, a career-high 231 all-purpose yards and a touchdown reception – in James Madison's win over five-time defending national champion North Dakota State in the semifinals. They also rushed for 141 yards and three touchdowns against Sam Houston State in the quarterfinals.
The 5-10, 220-pound Abdullah has excellent vision and a quick burst through the line of scrimmage, with good cutback moves at the second level. He's reached 100-plus yards in 10 games and gained 1,708 yards overall, averaging 6.3 yards per carry with 23 total touchdowns.
Other players whom scouts will key a close eye on in the championship game are James Madison cornerback Taylor Reynolds and Youngstown State defensive end Avery Moss, a second-year transfer from Nebraska.
NFLDraftScout.com, a leading evaluator of the draft, began the new year with updated rankings, placing Rivers in the top 10 of FCS draft candidates:
60. Cooper Kupp, Eastern Washington, WR, 6-2, 215, 2nd Round
134. Dylan Cole, Missouri State, OLB, 6-0, 236, 4th
148. Keionta Davis, Chattanooga, DE, 6-3, 270, 4th-5th
154. Brendan Langley, Lamar, CB, 6-0, 193, 4th-5th
176. Julie'n Davenort, Bucknell, OT, 6-6, 315, 5th
177. Lorenzo Jerome, Saint Francis, FS, 5-11, 195, 5th-6th
182. Tanoh Kpassagnon, Villanova, DE, 6-6, 285, 5th-6th
200. De'Angelo Henderson, Coastal Carolina, RB, 5-8, 205, 6th
207. Derek Rivers, Youngstown State, DE, 6-4, 255, 6th
211. Eric Saubert, Drake, TE, 6-4, 242, 6th
218. Jessamen Dunker, Tennessee State, OG, 6-4, 305, 6th
231. Xavier Coleman, Portland State, CB, 5-11, 190, 6th-7th
247. Alek Torgersen, Penn, QB, 6-2, 230, 7th
250. Anthony Firkser, Harvard, FB, 6-2, 220, 7th
258. David Jones, Richmond, FS, 6-2, 220, 7th-Free Agent
262. Emmanuel Holder, Towson, FB, 5-11, 265, 7th-FA
274. Samson Ebukam, Eastern Washington, 6-2, 240, 7th-FA
285. Brady Gustafson, Montana, QB, 6-6, 235, 7th-FA
331. Casey DeAndrade, New Hampshire, FS, 5-11-216, 7th-FA
Osun West bye-election: Hussein emerges APC flagbearer
Sen. Mudashiru Hussein has emerged the flag bearer of the Progressives Congress (APC) for Osun West Senatorial District bye-election. Hussein, who was earlier disqualified by the APC screening committee and appeal committee, was eventually cleared by the National Working Committee of the party to contest the election. Although the former senator was unopposed in…
The post Osun West bye-election: Hussein emerges APC flagbearer appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Crawley man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to abduct a child.
Sussex Police received a report of an attempted kidnap involving a man in a car approaching a girl in Sandhill Lane, Crawley Down, at around 4.50pm on Tuesday (30 January).
The 11-year-old girl was walking their dog when the suspect in a dark coloured vehicle stopped alongside them and allegedly asked them to get into the car.
Police arrested a 35-year-old man from Crawley on suspicion of attempted child abduction on Friday (February 2). They currently remain in police custody.
Driver who caused death of Shahid Moghal in Crawley jailed for five years
Officers are still appealing for witnesses, and anyone with any information is asked to report it online or call 101 quoting serial 176 of 02/02.
Alternatively, you can visit the Crimestoppers website or contact the independent charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot. The Dallas Morning News via AP Ron Baselice
The final major demonstrations of the loyal order marching season will take place in six main venues on August 26, with members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The Institution has 17,000 members in around 350 preceptories, and will demonstrate in Comber, Antrim, Castledawson, Lisburn, Omagh and Aughnacloy for the traditional ‘Last Saturday' event.
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr, who will be taking part in the Castledawson procession said the institution was once again looking forward to the much-anticipated day in the parading calendar.
They said: “The ‘Last Saturday' traditionally brings the curtain down on the loyal order parading season and we are expecting yet another magnificent finale.
“The various demonstrations will offer a wonderful spectacle of culture and pageantry, attended and enjoyed by large crowds at six different venues across the Province.”
COMBER
The largest parade of the day will be in Comber where 5,000 members of the loyal order will be on parade. A total of 107 preceptories and approximately 100 bands will take part in the procession.
The districts represented will be Lower Iveagh, Lecale, Castlewellan, Newry, Banbridge, Rathfriland, Mourne, Largymore, Ballynahinch, Newtownards, Saintfield, Bangor and Comber.
Among the many preceptories stepping out will be the largest in the Institution, Elijah's Chosen Few RBP 208 from Mourne District, with more than 250 members.
A large crowd is expected to turn out to watch the parade, which was last held in the Co Down town in 2004.
The main procession moves off at noon from Parkway via Killinchy Street, The Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Glen Link and Belfast Road.
The religious service will begin at 3pm and will be chaired by Brian Hunter, Co Down Grand Master. Rev Stanley Gamble will conduct the service of worship.
Assistant Sovereign Grand Master, William Baillie, will be the guest speaker.
ANTRIM
Up to 80 preceptories will take part in the demonstration in Antrim.
The main parade will assemble at Fountain Hill at 12.30pm and proceed through the town via Fountain Street, Church Street, High Street, Bridge Street and Dublin Road to the field on the Randalstown Road.
The participating Co Antrim preceptories will come from six districts representing Antrim, Lisburn, Ballymena, Larne, Ballymoney and Ballyclare.
It is expected there will be 75 bands and 2,500 members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The platform proceedings will begin at 3pm under the chairperson, Charles Hamilton, Antrim District Master. Co Antrim Grand Chaplain, Robert Campbell, will conduct the service of worship.
The guest speaker will be Rev William Anderson, imperial deputy grand master and imperial deputy grand chaplain.
A Last Saturday parade was last held in Antrim town in 2011.
CASTLEDAWSON
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr will be the special guest at the Co Londonderry demonstration in Castledawson.
The village is hosting a Last Saturday parade for the first time.
The demonstration will include 35 preceptories representing districts in South Londonderry, City of Londonderry, Coleraine and Raphoe, Co Donegal.
Thirty bands will accompany the parade, which begins at midday from Hillhead Road proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road.
The platform proceedings are at 2pm and the preacher will be Rev John Noble, imperial deputy grand chaplain.
The principal speaker will be the sovereign grand master.
LISBURN
The City of Belfast Grand Black Chapter demonstration will be held this year in Lisburn.
It is tradition for members of the institution in Belfast to parade in various provincial towns and cities.
A total of 54 preceptories, representing seven districts, will step out in Lagan Valley, accompanied by 33 bands.
The main parade will move off at noon from Wallace Park and the procession route will be Seymour Street, Castle Street, Market Street North, Market Street South, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Bow Street, Antrim Street, Antrim Road and North Circular Road, returning to Wallace Park for a religious service.
The principal speaker will be City Grand Master, William Elliott, with the service of worship conducted by Alan McIntosh, city grand chaplain.
City Grand Registrar, Christopher Cunningham, will chair the proceedings.
OMAGH
Twenty-four preceptories will be on parade in Tyrone's county town on the Last Saturday.
Sir Knights from Omagh, and neighbouring Castlederg and Strabane districts, will be accompanied by as many bands for the annual procession.
The event will be a special occasion for Omagh District and Omagh Olive Branch RBP 185, who both celebrate their 150th anniversaries.
The main parade will commence at 1pm and move via Crevenagh Road, Irishtown Road, Dublin Road, Market Street, High Street, John Street, James Street, Church Street, George's Street, High Street, Bridge Street, Drumragh Avenue, Market Street and Campsie Road before returning to the Crevenagh Road for a religious service.
The platform proceedings will begin at 2.30pm and the chairperson will be Stanley McFarland.
The service of worship will be conducted by Co Tyrone Grand Chaplain, Rev Alan Irwin, and the preacher will be Rev Nigel Reid, an imperial grand chaplain.
The guest speaker will be Ivan Kelly, past assistant sovereign grand master.
AUGHNACLOY
Up to 80 preceptories and a similar number of bands will take part in the demonstration in Aughnacloy.
The large parade in the south Tyrone village, hosting a Last Saturday procession for the first time since 2006, will commence at 11.45am.
The districts represented are from the Republic of Ireland, Fermanagh, Primatial, Summerisland, Killyman, Aughnacloy and East Tyrone.
Senior Sir Knights in attendance will include Imperial Grand Registrar, Billy Scott, and Imperial Grand Treasurer, David Livingstone.
The main parade will commence from the assembly field on the Tullyvar Road and proceed via Moore Street to the demonstration field on the Caledon Road.
The religious service, starting at 2.15pm, will be chaired by Aughnacloy District Master, Harold Erskine.
Co Tyrone Grand Master Richard Emerson will be the principal speaker. The preacher will be Robin Fairburn, chaplain of Saintfield District.
Naira maintains grip, closes at 364 per dollar
Daily Post Nigeria
The naira closed flat at 364 per the United States dollar on Wednesday, the same rate it closed on Monday and Tuesday. This is despite a $414m injection into the foreign exchange market by the Central Bank of Nigeria on Monday. The naira had posted a …
and more »
The Federal Government is yet to officially notify foreign airlines, on the planned closure of the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja. According to Daily Trust, none of the airlines has received the Notice to Airmen (NOTAM), which is expected to be issued by the airport authorities. The FG had announced through the Minister of […]
The Italian FA will approach Chelsea with a view to making Blues head coach Antonio Conte the next Italy coach, according to The Sun.
Conte, who has frequently clashed with the Stamford Bridge board since winning the title last season, and the Chelsea hierarchy will reportedly be offered a mutually convenient way for the former Juventus boss to leave the club with one year still to run on their contract.
The 48-year-old previously coached the Azzurri between 2014 and 2016, when they took charge of the Blues.
Italy FA vice-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta has confirmed that Conte is one of four or five candidates for the role and that they will fly to London this month to start interviews for the role.
They said: “Conte is in the line.
“I will fly to London in the next few days. We have to start interviews. We are not rushed for time, but we have to start moving and go talk with them as soon as possible.”
The Sun also reports that Italy Under-21 boss Luigi Di Biagio will be given the job on a temporary basis for the upcoming friendly.
With Italy having failed to qualify for this summer's World Cup, there is no rush to make an appointment.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
It's another scheme for finding the Romulans or the Borg — and it definitely has some advantages.
The usual approach to looking for alien societies is to scan the skies for signals like radio transmissions or bright, flashing lasers. Either would tell us that someone's out there.
Lamentably, these schemes have a troublesome drawback: the need for synchronicity between the sender (aliens) and the receiver (us). What are the chances that, when our attention is directed to a particular planetary system, their transmitters are aimed our way? It's like two pairs of eyes meeting across a crowded casino. It might not happen.
That's why a detection scheme that doesn't depend on synchronicity — like the one proposed in a new paper published in The Astrophysical Journal — has such great appeal. The idea is to hunt for evidence that's always around — artifacts that might even outlast the extraterrestrials themselves, in the same way that fossilized bones reveal the long-gone dinosaurs. We've never seen a T. rex, nor heard its roar. But we have no doubt that they once stomped across the landscape.
Maybe we could sniff out our bumpy-headed brethren by examining the atmosphere around their home planet. For example, we might use instruments to look for the presence of chlorofluorocarbons — the woeful result of too much Klingon hairspray.
Sadly, detecting this gas from light-years away is beyond the capabilities of even the biggest telescopes. But there's another kind of artifact that might be possible to find. Spanish astronomer Hector Socas-Navarro argues in the paper that we might look for artificial satellites around distant planets. After all, satellites are something you might expect any respectable alien society to have.
For us earthlings, satellites serve a multitude of functions, including spying on our enemies, enabling GPS, and furnishing the endlessly fascinating imagery you can peruse on Google Earth.
But one subclass of the 3,000 or so satellites swarming around Earth is particularly useful: the 400 that pirouette around the planet at roughly 22,000 miles above the equator. At that altitude, these so-called geostationary satellites complete one orbit every 24 hours, the same rate at which the Earth spins. Consequently, they appear fixed in the sky. That makes them especially handy for photographing the weather, relaying international phone calls, and beaming down satellite TV.
Now suppose there are aliens out there who are substantially more advanced than we are. Their planet might be orbited by billions or trillions of geosynchronous satellites instead of our measly 400. And astronomers might be able to detect this orbiting thicket of space hardware when the planet comes between us and its host star — what astronomers call a transit.
Artistic (unrealistic) representation of a Clarke exobelt. Caro Waro / via Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias
If this were to happen, the dimming of starlight caused by the planet would be preceded and then followed by a very slight dimming by its satellite necklace. This would be especially pronounced if we saw the necklace edge-on, which would block out more starlight and thus be more noticeable.
The beauty of this scheme is manifold. To begin with, there's no synchronicity problem, so the aliens don't need to make any effort to get in touch. Even if they managed to blow themselves to smithereens millions of years ago, their satellites might still be around to mark their collective grave.
In addition, this approach requires no new telescopes nor even any new experiments. Astronomers would only need to do a careful check of data that's already been collected in the search for exoplanets.
Despite what you see on TV and in movies, we're unlikely to meet aliens anytime soon. In fact, we're not even sure aliens are out there. But Hector Socas-Navarro's idea of looking for massive satellite swarms is a clever one. Its chances for success may not be great, but it's easy to try. And there's no winning this game without playing.
Dr. Seth Shostak is the senior astronomer at the SETI Institute in Mountain View, California and a noted expert on the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Several emergency vehicles and personnel remain at the scene of a large police incident in Thornton Heath.
A woman has now been standing on top of a tall Thornton Heath building on Brigstock Road since around 3pm on Tuesday (April 24), and emergency services are working to resolve the situation.
Photos showing a large emergency service presence have been sent to the Advertiser, while reports continue to come in that crowds are gathering around the scene.
Police were called to the scene at 3.15pm to reports of concerns for a person standing on top of a building on Brigstock Road. London Ambulance Service (LAS) paramedics and London Fire Brigade (LFB) firefighters are also in attendance in a supporting role.
(Image: @DSM112)
At 5.45pm a spokesperson for LAS said: "We were called at 3.19pm today to Brigstock Road, Thornton Heath, to reports of an incident. We sent an incident response officer, a single responder in a car and an ambulance crew. We remain on scene."
A spokesperson for LFB said: "We were called at 3.51pm to assist police teams as they attended a call relating to concern for the safety of a woman."
(Image: @DSM112)
A witness at the scene, who did not want to be named, said: "The lady has been there all afternoon and I don't know what they are doing up there. There was a very fast response from the police and fire brigade, and so hopefully they will be able to help them get down from up there.
"I think it would help if everyone stopped crowding around the scene and watching because I think that is just going to make things even worse."
Photos show large crowds around the police cordon on Brigstock Road, and several Twitter users have tweeted to say that a number of people are watching the scene and taking photos.
The Met Police have been contacted for an update but as yet there is nothing else to report.
We will be bringing you any updates when they occur.
*The Samaritans offer a free call number, which doesn't appear on the phone bill, if you need someone to talk to.
Call 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or visit www.samaritans.org to find details of your nearest branch.
OAU Sex-for-marks scandal: What victim told panel – Counsel
Monica Osagie had released a recorded telephone conversation in which the lecturer identified as Richard Akindele demanded five rounds of sex to enhance their marks
The post OAU Sex-for-marks scandal: What victim told panel – Counsel appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call "river piracy" and they blame global warming. Most of the water gushing from a large glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another.
That changed the Slims River from a 10-foot (3 meters) deep, raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist's high top sneakers at midstream. The melt from the Yukon's Kaskawulsh glacier now flows mostly into the Alsek River and ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic's Bering Sea.
It seemed to all happen in about one day — last May 26 — based on river gauge data, said Dan Shugar, a University of Washington Tacoma professor who studies how land changes. A 100-foot (30-meter) tall canyon formed at the end of the glacier, rerouting the melting water, Shugar and their colleagues wrote in a study published in Monday's journal Nature Geoscience .
The term "river piracy" is usually used to describe events that take a long time to occur, such as tens of thousands of years, and had not been seen in modern times, especially not this quickly, said study co-author Jim Best of the University of Illinois. It's different from something like the Mississippi River changing course at its delta and it involves more than one river and occurs at the beginning of a waterway, not the end.
The scientists had been to the edge of the Kaskawulsh glacier in 2013. Then the Slims River was "swift, cold and deep" and flowing fast enough that it could be dangerous to wade through, Shugar said. They returned last year to find the river shallow and as still as a lake, while the Alsek, was deeper and flowing faster.
"We were really surprised when we got there and there was basically no water in the river," Shugar said of the Slims. "We could walk across it and we wouldn't get our shirts wet. It was like a snake-shaped lake rather than a river."
What had been a river delta at the edge of the Slims River had changed into a place full of "afternoon dust storms with this fine dust getting into your nose and your mouth," Best said.
The lack of water in the Slims wasn't because of changes in rainfall, Shugar said. They know that because it's a river fed mostly by glacial melt, not rain, and the Alsek increased in amounts similar to what disappeared from the Slims.
The Kaskawulsh glacier covers about 9,650 square miles (25,000 square kilometers), about the size of Vermont. The front of the glacier has retreated nearly 1.2 miles (1.9 kilometers) since 1899, Shugar said.
The scientists calculate that there is only a 1 in 200 chance that the retreating glacier and river piracy is completely natural without human-made global warming. They used weather and ice observations and a computer simulation that models how likely the glacier retreat would be with current conditions and without heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
Several outside scientists praised the study as significant and sensible.
"This is an interesting study and reconfirms that climate change has large, widespread and sometimes surprising impacts," Pennsylvania State University glacier expert Richard Alley, who wasn't part of the study, said in an email.
———
Follow Seth Borenstein at http://twitter.com/borenbears and their work can be found at http://tinyurl.com/sethap
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of — The chairperson of South Korea's Asiana Airlines has apologized for inflight meal service disruptions and a reported suicide at a meal supplier.
Park Sam-koo, chairperson of the country's second-largest air carrier, said they felt a moral responsibility after the boss of the company that had been supplying the meals killed himself, according to media reports citing police.
The apology came as criticism mounted following the reports, which linked the apparent suicide to pressure from Asiana on its caterer.
Asiana Airlines said 114 out of 310 flights had left South Korea without meals since Sunday. Most were short-haul flights to Asian destinations.
The problems arose after the airline tried to change its meal catering service.
Everyone likes Apple apps, but sometimes the best ones are a bit expensive. Now and then, developers put paid apps on sale for free for a limited time, but you have to snatch them up while you have the chance. Here are the latest and greatest iOS app deals available from the iOS App Store.
These apps normally cost money and this sale lasts for a limited time only. If you go to the App Store and it says the app costs money, that means the deal has expired and you will be charged.
Dalung has ruined Nigeria's sports – Galadima
By Patrick Omorodion
As confusion continue to trail the National Sports Federation elections conducted by the Youth and Sports ministry, former NOC vice president, Alhaji Ibrahim Galadima has described the sports minister, Solomon Dalung as a cog in the wheel of sports progress.
Speaking from their home in Kano, Alhaji Galadima expressed dismay about the confusion and intrigues that reportedly marred the federations election in Abuja last Tuesday stressing that the Minister has succeeded in supervising the destruction of sports in the country.
“The whole drama of intrigues and manipulation of the election process will create confusion in sports. Dalung has run sports down and there is no likelihood that it will improve under their tenure,” the Chairman of the Kano State Sports Council said.
They urged sports writers in the country to stand up and fight the injustice the sports ministry has meted to aspirants in the election in Abuja which they termed a charade as they commended the NBBF for taking a bold step towards getting its autonomy by creating its own Constitution.
The former Kano Pillars Chairman took a swipe on the minister for appointing them to head a committee for the reform of football in the country but failing to receive the report over a year after the committee completed its work.
“He appointed the committee and gave us two weeks to submit our report. We finished the work since April last year but they have refused to receive the report despite reminders to him. They have shown they are not serious about any reforms. Sports in Nigeria has been going down since they came and something urgent must be done to salvage the situation,” Alhaji Galadima said.
The post Dalung has ruined Nigeria's sports – Galadima appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
All those who are pictured are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information posted on this web site. However, Wyo4News does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of the content. Names may be similar or identical to other individuals. For the latest case status, contact the arresting law enforcement agency.
Jordan Damon Donahue Age: 27 Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY Booking: 2017-12-10
Released: 2017-12-10 Type: PRE-TRIAL Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: DWUI – 0.08% or More – 1st Offense Status: , Bond: #1130, SURETY OR CASH, $610, Court: RS Municipal Court
Open Container in the Streets Prohibited Status: , Bond: #1129, SURETY OR CASH, $160, Court: RS Municipal Court
Josie Taylor White Age: 22 Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY
Booking: 2017-12-10
Released: 2017-12-10 Type: PRE-TRIAL Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Riot and Breach of Peace – Verbal – 1st Offense Status: , Bond: #1128, CASH, $160, Court: RS Municipal Court
TBILISI, Georgia — Wales beat Georgia 1-0 away without injured star Gareth Bale on Friday to keep alive its chances of qualifying automatically for next year's World Cup in Russia.
Tom Lawrence scored the winning goal for the 2016 European Championship semifinalists in the 49th minute, when they spun their marker and sent in a low shot from 20 metres that proved too powerful for the goalkeeper to keep out.
Wales moved a point behind Serbia, which plays Austria later Friday and can guarantee first place in Group D with a win in Vienna.
Third-placed Ireland must beat Moldova at home to stay within a point of Wales, ahead of a meeting between the two Celtic rivals in Cardiff on Monday in the final round of qualifiers.
If the Serbs fail to beat Austria, they can clinch qualification with a win at home to Georgia on Monday.
Bale was missing for the Welsh at Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi because of a calf muscle strain, sustained while playing for Real Madrid. They will also miss the match against Ireland.
The group winner qualifies automatically for the finals in Russia. The best eight second-place finishers from the nine groups in the European zone advance to the playoffs.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Lincoln Police say an Allo Communications trailer was stolen from the Waterford Estates neighborhood near 98th and “O” sometime last week. The trailer was reported as missing on Friday, but the company says it could've been stolen anytime between Tuesday and Friday. Nearly $6,000 worth of cable and interduct was stolen. This is the third time this year Allo has had a trailer and equipment stolen.
In Africa's fashion capital, Lagos, 'trad is swag'
Independent
A man poses in a traditional white bua and sokoto style in Lagos on June 2, 2017. AFP PHOTO. Lagos, Nigeria | AFP | Leggy dancers in tight shorts, bottles of Moet champagne and flashy cars feature in Nigerian pop icon Wizkid's bling-bling music videos.
and more »
MUSIC: Kweek Tella – Elomi (Cover)
If you think you have heard the best of Indigenous rap flows in Nigeria you may just want to have a re-think after listening to The New Kid On The Block
“Kweek Tella” who is currently receiving massive attention/support & reviews based on their recently “#Ire Cover”
After gaining so much momentum Kweek Tella decided to do justice to Tsalt trending single “Elomi“.
The fast raising indigenous rapper comes creative with some undiluted Inspirational punchline approach which is sure worth a Listen.
I suggest you stay close to this talent On their socials @kweektella he's definitely gonna give a lot of rappers a run for their money!
Listen & Download ‘Kweek Tella – Elomi” below
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Kweek-Tella_-_Elomi-Cover.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Kweek Tella – Elomi (Cover) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Meagan Evans, co-owner of The Society Garden, with daughters Iris and Ella holding the business sign and logo. Special to The Telegraph
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Pakistan and India have agreed to stop trading artillery fire in the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, and on Wednesday the situation was calm after months of routine skirmishes that killed dozens of soldiers and civilians.
Pakistan's military said late Tuesday that local generals reached the understanding using a special hotline set up to defuse tensions in Kashmir, which is split between Indian and Pakistani zones of control. Both nuclear-armed powers claim Kashmir in its entirety, and the territorial dispute has ignited two wars between Pakistan and India since they gained independence in 1947.
Both sides "agreed to undertake sincere measures to improve the existing situation, ensuring peace and avoidance of hardships to the civilians along the borders," the Pakistani military said in a statement.
It said that if future violence occurs in the disputed region, "restraint will be exercised and the matter will be resolved through utilization of existing mechanisms of hotline contacts and border flag meetings at local commander's level."
The Indian army confirmed the agreement, saying both sides had pledged to "undertake sincere measures to improve the existing situation to ensure peace and avoidance of hardships to the civilians along the borders."
The two sides also agreed to fully implement a 2003 cease-fire that has been repeatedly violated.
Nuclear-armed India and Pakistan each administer part of Kashmir, but both claim it in its entirety. Rebels have been fighting Indian rule since 1989, demanding Indian-controlled Kashmir be made part of Pakistan or unified with the Pakistani-controlled part as an independent country.
India accuses Pakistan of arming and training the rebels, a charge Pakistan denies.
Most Kashmiris support the rebel cause while also participating in civilian street protests against Indian control.
Nearly 70,000 people have been killed in the uprising and the ensuing Indian military crackdown.
Tensions have soared in recent weeks, as both sides have launched artillery assaults across the Line of Control dividing the region. Each side has accused the other of starting the hostilities in violation of the 2003 accord.
On the Indian side, the fighting has driven people from villages along the border, and government buildings have been converted into temporary shelters. Houses have been damaged, and dozens of schools in villages along the frontier have been closed, with authorities advising residents to stay indoors.
The shelling has cast a pall over the holy month of Ramadan in the mostly Muslim region.
India says 25 civilians and 18 soldiers have been killed this year in over 800 cease-fire violations initiated by Pakistan.
Pakistan accuses Indian forces of more than 1,050 cease-fire violations this year, resulting in the deaths of 28 civilians and injuries to 117 others.
The Cincinnati Bengals will get the ninth pick overall in the 2017 NFL Draft, but is it a bittersweet prize for a terrible season?
The Cincinnati Bengals went out on Sunday and split their season series with division rivals the Baltimore Ravens with a 27 to 10 victory. However the win was a bittersweet memory of a under performing season in 2016. The only real benefit, the Bengals will have the number nine draft position in this years draft.
We have given you our first mock draft of the season and broken down players to watch. It really comes down to the season being a loss and the Bengals getting the benefit of being so terrible in 2016.
The Bengals have not had a top 10 draft pick since they took A.J. Green with the fourth pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. They also picked up Andy Dalton in the second round with the 35 overall pick and third pick of the round.
With the 6-9-1 season, the Bengals finished third in the division behind the Ravens and division winner Pittsburgh Steelers. However, the season can't help but feel like a lost cause with the expected return of Marvin Lewis in 2017 and retention of offensive coordinator, Ken Zampese.
More from Stripe Hype
What can the Bengals do to win the draft this year? They need to focus on needs. They need to get their focus away from the best player on the board. Marvin Lewis has had some success in drafting though. A.J. Green, Carlos Dunlap, Geno Atkins, Andy Dalton, as well as former Bengal, Marvin Jones and Mohamed Sanu.
They have struggled lately in the draft. Players like Cedric Ogbuehi, Darqueze Dennard, and Margus Hunt have not panned out like many hoped. In fact, the Bengals past few years are looking like a bust with injuries, under performances, and immaturity.
The Bengals will need to look at players who can help them immediately instead of playing the red-shirt year like they have done in the past. If the Bengals can find sure players like Green and Dalton, they could be right back in the hunt in 2017.
This article originally appeared on
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
City MP Chris Matheson predicts they will remain Chester's member of parliament after Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap election for June 8.
Mr Matheson, who has the most marginal Labour seat in the country with a majority of just 93 votes, hopes their personal popularity will get them though.
No fan of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, Mr Matheson resigned as parliamentary private secretary to the shadow justice team after apparently calling for Corbyn's resignation at a meeting of Labour's parliamentary party.
They were reported to have told Corbyn: “I've done something you've never done, and that's beaten the Tories.”
But today Mr Matheson ducked the Corbyn question and called for their constituents to vote for him.
“I'm the candidate. It's my name on the ballot paper and I will be the MP for Chester after June 8,” they defiantly told The Chronicle.
They continued: “The Conservatives are making cuts to our teachers, they have taken £57m from the council tax and siphoned off council tax money to pay for Conservative Party campaigns through the United and Cecil Club. And the NHS is collapsing in Chester despite the best efforts of its staff because it's underfunded.
“Labour policies are popular and resonate with ordinary people and I will be standing with them and standing proudly to protect services and to create a strong economy that works for all in our city.”
Mr Matheson attacked Mrs May's u-turn over their decision to hold a general election.
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
They said: “The Tories agreed to fix the parliaments so it could secure a government with the Liberal Democrats and now at the first chance they get, they are ditching it. They are playing fast and loose with the constitution for party political ends.
“I will fight and win in Chester based on my record of strong and active representation – everything I have delivered and everything I will deliver in the future.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Best of Trump on MTP: ISIS, Israel and Iran 6:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
LONDON — Donald Trump was elected president on a platform of politics not as usual, so it is fitting they inherit a world in flux.
Post-World War II rules are dying, old alliances shifting and traditional roles shed. Trump has said they distrust foreign entanglements and the state-building ambitions of their predecessors, and takes the reigns of an America much less eager to act as the world's police officer.
President-elect Donald Trump Evan Vucci / AP, file
So the new administration will be in a position to rewrite international rules, whether it's the relationships with Russia and China, North Korea's nuclear program, the U.S. approach to the Syrian civil war, or the global war on terror.
While Trump is a giant question mark on the world stage, NBC News' Chief Global Correspondent Bill Neely looks at major international challenges the president-elect faces when they take office on Jan. 20.
Part 1: How China Could Pose the Biggest Challenge for Trump
Part 2: What Will Trump Do About Kim Jong-un's Nuclear Ambitions?
Part 3: Nobody Will Test Trump Administration More Than Putin
Part 4: Can Trump Stop Syria War From Haunting U.S.?
Part 5: The Hard Truths Trump Must Face to 'Crush ISIS'
It's rarely smooth sailing for any company, but sometimes the brands we know and use run into choppy waters and their actions can determine whether they sink or keep going.
Look no further than Equifax, which is being criticized for a botched handling of the worst data breach in history, exposing the personal information of as many as 143 million people.
"They became the enemy of the American people and they lost the trust of their customers and failed to do their job," said Eric Schiffer, chairperson of Reputation Management Consultants. "In these situations, it is really about recovering credibility, and Equifax's credibility hit was worse than anything an opponent of Mike Tyson ever faced."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Equifax, Software Company Blame Each Other for Security Breach 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Of course, every company's reputation-based crisis has its own DNA and varying degrees of impact. They can either go the way of Volkswagen, which survived its diesel emissions scandal to become the world's best-selling automaker — or end up more like Enron, which crashed and burned after its systemic accounting fraud was revealed.
Uber has faced a number of hurdles this year, ranging from workplace harassment issues to lawsuits and the resignation of its CEO to getting banned in London this week. Yet somehow, the company has maintained a Teflon-like exterior.
Related: The Place Where Uber Drivers Go to Talk About You
Barbara Kahn, professor of marketing at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business, told NBC News in an email that Uber was a "tricky case."
"Uber's fall from grace has been tied closely to the downfall of former CEO Travis Kalanick," they said. "His removal and the appointment of a new CEO certainly helps, but I think the organization will need a cultural shift from top to bottom to really make a difference."
While chief rival Lyft has benefited from Uber's woes in some markets, the company has maintained strong growth.
But "while you may see Uber's numbers looking good," there's no telling what they could have been had they not faced a tough year, Schiffer said.
"Now their job is to begin to lead by principle and lead with character. They are a large company. They don't need to act like a startup with an Alexander the Great mentality," they told NBC News.
But it's that perceived mentality that has both benefited Uber and its customers with rapid expansion while also getting the company into trouble with regulators in some cities.
A different city can mean new regulations — and when Uber learned last week that London was not renewing its taxi license over safety concerns, jeopardizing the jobs of 40,000 drivers, the company's new CEO, Dara Khosrowshahi, struck a contrite tone in an open letter published in the Evening Standard newspaper in London.
"While Uber has revolutionized the way people move in cities around the world, it's equally true that we've got things wrong along the way," they said, apologizing "on behalf of everyone at Uber globally...for the mistakes we've made."
Equifax and Uber are dealing with similar — yet drastically different — situations, but Schiffer said they believe redemption is possible with strong new leadership and honest communication with stakeholders.
"Right now, the battle is overtrust," they said.
Other Companies That Have Survived Scandal
Plenty of other companies we know and love have also weathered the storm and come out on the sunny side.
"There are certainly many instances of companies who have responded to bad news about their brand/company in proactive, timely ways and have mitigated the decline in brand reputation," Kahn said. Perhaps the most classic example: Johnson & Johnson.
In 1982, a number of mysterious deaths were linked back to Tylenol that had been tampered with and laced with cyanide. At the time, Johnson & Johnson controlled about one-third of the market share for over-the-counter pain relievers. Shortly after, according to news reports, its market share plummeted to around 8 percent.
The company was able to win back consumer trust with a swift response, which included working alongside FDA officials to implement tamper-proof protections such as the now-ubiquitous foil seal, and introducing caplets that would be harder to tamper with.
Today, the company has a value of more than $348 billion and remains a leader in the packaged consumer goods space.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Was a CEO Fired or Did They Retire? This Algorithm Claims to Have the Answer 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Two years ago, "Dieselgate," the VW emissions cheating scandal, threw the automaker into a massive crisis. The firm's then-CEO apologized and pledged to get to the bottom of what happened. The company also launched a recall to fix affected vehicles.
And while it's cost the company close to $30 billion, the German carmaker is still one of the world's biggest in the world.
Traditional retail continues to wither away, but Amazon is thriving. However, even the biggest online retailer isn't immune to criticism from President Donald Trump who said in a tweet that "towns, cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt — many jobs being lost!"
The company has moved full speed ahead on creating new jobs and breathing life into warehouse towns with thousands of new fulfillment center jobs.
Then there's Yahoo. While the company was in the middle of being purchased by Verizon, two gigantic hacks were disclosed, sending investors fleeing. But the internet company is still around — though it ended up being acquired for slightly less — under a new parent company called Oath.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
It hasn't been a good year for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The agency has struggled to keep its funding as President Donald Trump recommended slashing public health spending and as Congress shuffles money around in various budget bills.
It had the “seven banned words” scandal, in which department heads were reportedly asked not to use certain words that might trigger conservative members of Congress who control budget money.
And now the agency's director, Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, has stepped down after news reports — first published in Politico — disclosed they had bought stocks in tobacco companies.
“It ain't good,” said Dr. Georges Benjamin, executive director of the American Public Health Association.
“Is this really going to undermine the ability of the agency to do its work?” asked Jennifer Nuzzo, senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security.
Related: CDC denies word ban
The CDC is a high-profile and trusted government agency, fighting epidemics in the U.S. and overseas and warning about outbreaks from AIDS to Ebola and Zika. It keeps track of who smokes, who dies of heart disease and whether people exercise enough.
“This agency for a long time has been apolitical, not a center of controversy. It's been trusted,” Nuzzo said.
The only upside, public health experts agree, is that Dr. Anne Schuchat, a seasoned infectious disease specialist and leader, is back at the helm at the height of a nasty annual flu epidemic.
“Dr. Schuchat is entirely competent and the model for what the next CDC director should be — competent while being grounded in science,” Benjamin said.
Anne Schuchat, then director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at CDC, testifies to Congress in 2015 JIM BOURG / Reuters
Schuchat headed CDC as interim director a year ago, after their former boss, Dr. Tom Frieden, stepped down when Trump took office.
As a career public servant, Schuchat is unlikely to be made permanent director, a job usually appointed by the president.
“She's well thought of and effective,” said Nuzzo.
But a political appointee will have more clout to negotiate with Congress for more funding.
Last year, Trump recommended cutting the CDC's annual budget by more than $1.2 billion. Congress has had its sights on a billion-dollar prevention fund that CDC uses to prepare ahead of time for disease outbreaks.
However Schuchat is well-placed to lead the agency at the height of the annual flu epidemic which, by all measures, is severe this year. A rear admiral in the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service, she's an expert on pandemic flu and other respiratory diseases.
“Having someone with full technical skills in charge is reassuring,” Nuzzo said.
“Being in government service is very complicated. It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary." “Being in government service is very complicated. It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary."
Many of Fitzgerald's colleagues were confused by the news they had owned stocks that could present a conflict of interest. Most government workers — career or political appointees — make sure they don't have any holdings that might influence or cast doubt on their decisions.
“It takes a certain kind of cluelessness for a director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to purchase stock in a tobacco company a month after assuming the job as the nation's top public health official,” said Dr. Peter Lurie, president of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest.
But it's been a pattern in the Trump administration, Lurie said. The former Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, battled reports about their own shareholdings and finally stepped down after media reports revealed they had used public money to take private jets.
Related: Tom Price resigns as Health and Human Services Secretary
Fitzgerald, a former Georgia state health commissioner, had long known Price, a fellow physician who had been a member of Congress from Georgia for a dozen years.
Fitzgerald told The Wall Street Journal they did not know their investment manager had purchased the stocks in Japan Tobacco.
But they had already been questioned by Congress about other financial holdings and had kept a low profile at the CDC while they sorted out the problems.
Benjamin is sympathetic.
“I can understand what happened. The broker buys something, you find out and say, ‘Oh my God, get rid of it,'” they said.
But it goes with the territory.
“Being in government service is very complicated," Benjamin said. "It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary."
Were Victoria and Albert really first cousins? A brief guide to the real-life heritage of the royal couple, as played in the period drama by Jenna Coleman and Tom Hughes
Viewers watching the burgeoning romance between Jenna Coleman's young Queen Victoria and Tom Hughes's Prince Albert in ITV's Victoria may be wondering how close to the historical facts certain details really are.
Advertisement
Were they really so closely related? Was it really that much of a struggle to get them together? And how much was Lord Melbourne involved in their relationship? Read on to find out…
Were the Queen and their future husband really cousins?
The real Prince Albert and Queen Victoria, photographed in 1860
The short answer is yes. Victoria was the daughter of Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, AKA the Duchess of Kent (played in the series by Catherine Flemming), and Albert was the son of Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. The Duchess and Ernest* were brother and sister, making young Victoria Ernest's niece, Albert the Duchess's nephew and Albert and Victoria first cousins.
*not to be confused with their son, Albert's brother, also called Ernest
These days, marrying cousins is sometimes frowned upon but in the UK it is perfectly legal and the British royal family have been doing it for hundreds of years in order to ensure strong alliances and allegiances.
Did Victoria and Albert actually hate each other?
In this week's episode of the ITV drama the relationship between the cousins is strained at first, with neither overly keen to get married in accordance with their parents' wishes and Victoria expressing distaste at Albert's personality.
However, in real life it doesn't seem like this was the case. Certainly, Victoria appeared to think Albert was made for them from the beginning, having met them in 1836 a year before they ascended to the throne (unlike in the TV series where it's implied the pair haven't seen each other since they were much younger).
Writing in their diary after their first meeting, they noted some of their physical similarities and was clear about their attraction to him.
“He is extremely handsome; their hair is about the same colour as mine; their eyes are large and blue, and they have a beautiful nose and a very sweet mouth with fine teeth; but the charm of their countenance is their expression, which is most delightful.”
Victoria later wrote to their uncle Leopold, who arranged the match, thanking them “for the prospect of great happiness you have contributed to give me, in the person of dear Albert … They possess every quality that could be desired to render me perfectly happy.  They are so sensible, so kind, and so good, and so amiable too. They have besides the most pleasing and delightful exterior and appearance you can possibly see.”
In fairness, it's probably not as dramatic a love story if everyone just calmly gets on from the beginning. Spoiler alert, but it looks like these two might end up together…
Did Albert have a problem with Lord Melbourne?
We only get a glimpse of this in tonight's episode, but one of the hurdles Albert faces in their pursuit of Victoria comes in the form of Rufus Sewell's Lord Melbourne, who the series presents as something of a rival for Victoria's affections.
Advertisement
In real life, as we've noted elsewhere, Lord Melbourne and Victoria's friendship was more like that of a father and daughter, so this “love triangle” is more of an invention. However, it is true that Victoria's marriage meant that they became less reliant on Melbourne's advice, turning more and more to Albert's counsel and eventually drifting away from their former minister, so there is a nugget of historical fact in this plotline.
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: classfmonline.com
play videoPresident-elect Nana Akufo-Addo with Former President John Rawlings
President-elect Nana Akufo-Addo is not standing on the moral high ground which the National Democratic Congress (NDC) has lost, former President Jerry John Rawlings has said.
Speaking at a ceremony to mark the 35th anniversary of the December 31 revolution that brought the Provisional National Defence Council (PNDC) into office – the precursor of the NDC – Mr Rawlings, while diagnosing the cause for their party's defeat in the 2016 elections, said Ghana's new leader was now standing on the moral high ground that “we [NDC] have abandoned…”
According to him, there was a need for the NDC to purge its leadership of selfish and corrupt elements who have hijacked the party for their parochial interests and abandoned the principles of “integrity, probity and accountability.”
Below is Mr Rawlings' full speech:
ADDRESS BY H.E. FLT. LT. JERRY JOHN RAWLINGS AT THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 31ST DECEMBER REVOLUTION
December 31st, 2016
Niimei, Naamei,
Ministers of State,
Religious leaders & Wulomei,
Comrades,
Fellow Ghanaians,
Ladies and Gentlemen:
35 years ago I vividly remember the dark hours of our nation that we sought to redeem collectively as a people. 31st December 1981 revolution was 18 months after an uprising that awakened the conscientiousness of the Ghanaian people. The honesty and vigour of our action was met with the support and understanding of a vast majority of Ghanaians who saw it as an opportunity to restore the dignity of the ordinary man. The fallen heroes we honour today expect of us in the least, never to relapse into those same old days. But that has not been the case.
In the wake of the revolution we made pronouncements that summed up the state of affairs that prevailed then.
I admonished back then that;
“Ghana should be a land where it will be accepted practice and norm that those who earn the privilege to govern, should administer in humility, conscious that they are the servants of the people and are ready to submit themselves and their actions to public scrutiny and accountability”.
Most people are yet to recover from the traumatic shock of the December 7th election results. But I will have to state that if we turn our backs to our history us a party, we cannot escape the responsibility for the result.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat their mistakes over and over again.
Need I remind you that the NDC was built on principles and values that emerged as a result of circumstances that led to our birth?
The NDC's painful and massive rejection at the polls is indicative that we have lost the moral high ground that sets us apart from others. Great lengths were taken to draw the attention of the party as a collective but none of it will be tolerated or accommodated.
We lost the elections way before the 7th of December. We persistently and unrepentantly stayed on the slippery slope to the humiliating defeat despite the several warning lights right in our faces. My honest wish was for corrective measures to be taken to avert this electoral disaster.
Ladies and Gentlemen, if I did not understand the dynamics of human nature and behaviour we would not have attempted 15th May. If I did not degrade what was intended on that 15th May, June 4th would not have happened. The eruption that took place on June 4th is what would have happened on 15th May.
If I did not understand the dynamics of human nature and behaviour, there would not have been the need for a return on 31st December 1981 and to successfully lead a revolution for ten years.
If I did not understand the dynamics of human nature, I would not have gone into multi-party democracy and won two free and fair elections.
If I did not understand the role and effect of injustice and corruption in the dynamics of human nature, we could not have won back the seat of government in 2008.
In spite of this history and performance, some handlers and manipulators who have profited from our past two governments want to promote a lie about the reasons for our failures in order to perpetuate their hold on the NDC party.
I don't think I was the only one who saw the writing on the wall. Many people from our very own party I believe, could see the writing on the wall that we were going to lose this past election. It was obvious a long time ago that we wouldn't make it. Our general negativity, impunity, disrespect and corruption was taking us further and further downhill. About the time when most were living in the painful reality with stress and anger, that's when some of us chose to be more impervious to reality. We had lost so much goodwill.
I kept providing the warning whenever and wherever I could, and in public as well. But no, once again the uncouth and uncultured in our party and government chose to insult and disrespect some of us. The genuine and true founders and elders (warriors and youthful fighters) of what has transformed into the NDC were being disregarded and disrespected way back from 2008 after victory was delivered on a silver platter.
With the passage of time a few too many selfish and greedy characters soon began to jump on board. There were some good people; very good people but leadership and the command structure did not empower them to override those who were destroying the party and the government. I have worked with good people all my life. I have worked with bad people all my life, some wicked, some with character defects but evil-natured people must be kept away. Some of us however do not seem to have the cognitive intelligence to recognize their presence.
All the while we were feeling smug and comfortable because we thought the hidden division in the main opposition's leadership was going to work so well in our favour. How so wrong could we be? How could we have for one minute made the mistake of thinking that the disloyalty at the senior leadership level was going to percolate into the grassroot of the NPP.
God's given direction for leadership are the principles of integrity, probity and accountability. These principles are embedded in the collective conscience of the grassroots. There was a gaping disconnect between leadership and the masses as the latter was left disillusioned. To make matters worse the ordinary man felt even more insulted by the crass display of wealth by people who should have known better.
If the masses knew about the detrimental effects of the greed and avarice perpetuated by some of our own people in leadership they would never forgive us. Examples abound all around us. You need not stretch your imagination at all. If we all don't do some careful introspection and openly show remorse for the betrayal of the people's trust we might not recover in time for the next election.
The oppressive machinery will not desert us voluntarily. We need not shrink from honestly facing the conditions in our party and country today. This is the time to pre-eminently speak the whole truth, frankly and courageously.
But rather than facing the obvious truth about why we lost, Rawlings once again has to be made the scapegoat of their failures. I believe this time around our people have seen through it and we would embark on the right steps to regain our moral high ground. The moral high ground that we have abandoned and on which the new leader is now standing.
Let me assert my firm belief that the intrinsic ability of the NDC to rejuvenate and recapture the moral high ground is in no doubt. But it lies with the silent majority who would have to rise up and activate processes that will cleanse us.
We owe it as a duty to restore and protect the legacy that we fought for from the beginning.
Distinguished Guests, Ladies and Gentlemen;
Thank you.
Christopher Horan told a cop at the Medical Center, Navicent Health, in Macon, GA, that they killed their sister and wanted to be arrested, Pinellas County Florida Sheriff Bob Gualtieri said. Leanna Horan was found stabbed to death in their apartment just north of Clearwater, FL.
(AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File). FILE - In this Aug. 8, 2017, file photo, New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham works out during NFL football training camp, in East Rutherford, N.J. After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about hi...
By TOM CANAVANAP Sports Writer
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) - After a miserable end to the 2016 season and the brouhaha about their desire to be the NFL's highest paid player, Odell Beckham Jr. is having a great time at training camp with the New York Giants.
The 24-year-old superstar wide receiver, social rock star and fan favorite is putting on a show every time they step on the field.
The entertainment this week has been either a couple of one-handed catches, dancing to the music between segments of practice or playing up to the fans running down the sideline after a catch.
Their smile is as bright as their gold cleats and their mood reflects that. Walking in the team's indoor field house after practice Monday, Beckham leapfrogged a stunned reporter, jumped over an upside-down garbage can and then turned to safety Landon Collins and quipped "that something was you," referring to the can.
Entering their fourth season, Beckham said they are very comfortable in coach Ben McAdoo's offense.
"Personally, the way that I feel mentally, physically, spiritually right now, I am just in a better place," Beckham said. "I'm in a real good place. Things are flowing; just continually pushing them in the right direction."
The three-time Pro Bowler credits the change to life, getting older and growing after some unfortunate incidents.
It's certainly a lot better than the end of last season.
Forget?
The Giants were blown out by the Packers 31-13 in Green Bay in the opening round of the playoffs and Beckham had a miserable game, catching four of 11 passes thrown their way and dropping an early touchdown pass. After the game, social networks buzzed about them punching a hole in a wall outside the Giants' locker room. It capped a week in which they were criticized for making an ill-advised trip to Florida on an off-day leading up to the wild-card game to go out on a party boat with some fellow receivers.
Beckham said the pain after last season, which included a stern request from general manager Jerry Reese that they start growing up, got them moving in the right direction.
So did the disappointment of losing in the playoffs.
"You have no idea," Beckham said of the level of their disappointment. "I really thought about it and I'm thinking about it, even growing up, the Giants - historical team. The Packers - historical team. Lambeau Field, ice cold, perfect conditions, everything that you can dream of and wasn't able to capture the moment. And did it in a horrible way and a way that, you know, I woke up out of my sleep to. But I used that pain, I used that pain and I turn it into positive energy."
Since camp opened late last month, Beckham said excited fans with one big play after another.
During a two-minute drill on Sunday, they beat cornerback Eli Apple and went up with their right hand, caught Eli Manning's touchdown pass, tucking it to their body without the help of their left hand. They then slowly jogged back to the huddle, hoping the coaches might forget that they should have used two hands.
"Get the job done, that's just where I am at," Beckham said. "Get the job done however you can. Whether I have to fight or scrap for it, whatever I have to do to come up with it, it's just got to be mine. There's no other way to put it."
Beckham has done that better than any Giants receiver in their first three seasons. In 43 regular-season games, they have 288 receptions, 4,122 yards, and 35 touchdowns - all team records for a player in their first three seasons.
Veteran receiver Brandon Marshall, who signed with the Giants in the offseason, called Beckham the best player in the NFL.
Giants chief executive John Mara insisted that Beckham will get a new contract that will pay them plenty.
"He's going to get a lot of attention on and off the field," Marshall said. "As a teammate, you have to be there to support him. You have to be able to deal with that as well because he's not even a superstar, he's a rock star. It's something that our NFL has never seen before. This guy's a global icon at the age of what, 24 or 25?"
NOTES: Veteran DT Corbin Bryant sustained an undisclosed elbow injury in a short yardage drill. They were carted off the field. ... Starting SLB Devon Kennard was limited with an undisclosed injury. ... Third-year DE Owa Odighizuwa is behind after missing the offseason workouts for undisclosed reasons. "He has a ways to go; he's not where they want to be just yet, but that doesn't mean they can't get there," McAdoo said. ... Second-year RB Paul Perkins is playing with the first team despite a poor game in the preseason opener. "By no means have I lost confidence in Paul Perkins," McAdoo said. "I have a lot of trust and confidence in him. He's a young player who is working hard to get better and has a lot of value for us."
___
For more AP NFL news: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Organizers with a new Louisiana festival said the two-day event will go on as planned, for now, as Tropical Storm Nate moves through the Caribbean Sea.
They said they are monitoring the situation and will make a decision Friday.
Officials, including Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, held a news conference in August to announce the addition of the Flambeau Fest.
The festival will be held October 7 and 8 on the Ascension Fields at the Lamar Dixon Expo Center in Gonzales. Officials said there will be three stages.
Sam Hunt, Lynard Skynyrd, and others will perform for the festival. Click here for all artists
Pre-sale tickets went on sale on August 7.
"Our goal, as head of the tourism of Louisiana is to make sure we're not just focusing on New Orleans, and I've put a real focus on doing things in other parts of the state to pull people,” said Nungesser.
"We're in a region that is, the demographic we feel like is being under-served on a business level,” said festival organizer, Mark Adam Miller. “We feel like the region could benefit from the economic of it, but at the end of the day, we're all passionate about putting on a great party."
Promoters for Flambeau Fest have already made plans to stay in Gonzales for quite a while. Nungesser says it's something they believe will bring fans from all over. "We can pull Louisianians from around the state to 'staycation' at home, but we also can continue to draw more and more people into the state," said Nungesser.
The Bayou Country Superfest thrilled concert-goers at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge for six years before moving to New Orleans this year. While it's unclear if the event will return to the Red Stick, Gonzales Mayor Barney Arceneaux says this concert could fill that hole.
"I really do, and again, I'm not real sure of all the folks that they've got coming down, but when the producers talked to me, they did speak highly about some of these acts that they're going to bring in," said Arceneaux.
Arcenaux also believes the concert will provide a much-needed bump in their city's economy. "All of our hotels may be full. It's going to be great for our restaurants and certainly whatever else, so yeah, we're very happy it's coming to Ascension Parish," Arceneaux added.
It's a boost Nungesser says will also be felt statewide.
"I think we got a real winner here and an opportunity to add another event to Louisiana," said Nungesser.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - North Korea said Thursday it released an American university student over "humanitarian" reasons in its first official comment since they were returned to their home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency said Otto Warmbier had been serving hard labor but didn't comment on their medical condition or how the country negotiated their release with the United States.
"Warmbier, who had been in hard labor, was sent back home on June 13, 2017, on humanitarian grounds according to the adjudication made on the same day by the Central Court of the DPRK," the agency said in the one-sentence report, referring to North Korea by its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. They got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after they tearfully confessed that they had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
They were medically evacuated from North Korea and arrived in Cincinnati late Tuesday. Their father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that their son was "terrorized and brutalized" and has been in a coma for more than a year.
The U.S., South Korea and others often accuse North Korea of using foreign detainees to wrest diplomatic concessions. Three Americans remain in custody in North Korea over accusations including alleged "hostile acts" and spying.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ANGELES — A woman on Monday said they were a 17-year-old model and aspiring actor when Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them at a supposed casting session at a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
Faviola Dadis was emotional but composed as they spoke at a news conference in Los Angeles, becoming the latest of several women to accuse the action star of sexual misconduct.
Attorney Lisa Bloom, from center, holds a press conference with their clients Faviola Dadis, from left, and Regina Simons, who are accusing actor Steven Seagal of sexual assault, at The Bloom Firm on March 19, 2018 in Woodland Hills, California. Frederick M. Brown / Getty Images
Dadis said Seagal reached under their bikini top, grabbed their nipples and then grabbed their genitals soon after the audition began. They said they promptly ended the audition and left deeply shaken.
“I have suffered from depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress, have found it difficult to form trusting relationships with men,” Dadis said through tears as they read from a written statement.
They recently filed a report with police, and Los Angeles prosecutors said Monday that their case is under review.
Seagal's attorney Anthony Falangetti did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Steven Seagal raped me, woman tells Megyn Kelly 9:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Dadis, now a 33-year-old doctoral candidate in clinical neuroscience, said they had recently moved to the U.S. from the Netherlands when a music producer introduced them to Seagal. After several phone calls and text messages, Seagal invited Dadis to a hotel room in Beverly Hills for the late-night casting session for a film they planned to make about Genghis Khan, Dadis said.
Dadis brought a family friend because their mother was suspicious, but the person stayed in the lobby and they ended up in a room with only Seagal and their personal security guard.
Seagal had told them to wear a bikini or bra and panties under their clothes, and had their walk around the room in the bikini before saying they wanted to test their chemistry together and started touching her, Dadis said.
“Steven sat there calmly as if nothing had happened while I was noticeably upset and terrified by the experience,” they said. “I left feeling horrified and totally violated.”
They said they told friends after about a month, but did not go to authorities at the time because they feared being blacklisted in the entertainment industry. They said Seagal later called her, but they never accepted the calls.
Steven Seagal has been accused of sexual misconduct by several women. Mikhail Japaridze / TASS via Getty file
Dadis said they were inspired by the recent wave of reports of sexual misconduct by men in the entertainment industry, and was spurred to come forward especially by actor Portia de Rossi saying Seagal once unzipped their pants during an audition with them
Dadis spoke at the news conference alongside their attorney, Lisa Bloom, and another woman, Regina Simons, who said Seagal sexually assaulted them in 1995 when they were 18, allegations they previously made on NBC's “Megyn Kelly Today” in January.
Actress Jenny McCarthy has also said Seagal sexually harassed them at an audition in 1995.
After their interview with McCarthy, Seagal said on their Facebook page that they had never met Simons and their story was fabricated, and they have denied the allegations of the other actores.
Bloom said there are no immediate plans for lawsuits.
With more than 220 performance groups and 60,000 visitors expected at Western Springs Park on 25-26 March, Pasifika celebrates its 25th anniversary this year.
The free, family-friendly festival is a great way to experience the diverse cultures of the Pacific.
Western Springs Park will be transformed into 11 villages representing different Pacific Islands from Cook Islands, Fiji, Niue, Aotearoa, Hawaii, Kiribati, Samoa, Tahiti, Tuvalu, Tonga and Tokelau.
Each village has their own performance stage featuring traditional and contemporary performances and market stalls selling delicious food and handmade crafts. There will also be sponsors' areas with photo booths, plenty of games, giveaways and activities for all ages.
To celebrate 25 years and acknowledge all those who have contributed to the festival, there will be an entertainment showcase from 4-6pm on Saturday 25 March (Samoan Village), including performances by Ura Tabu Dance Company, social media stars Resonate performing their ‘Moana mash-up' and cultural groups from Auckland schools.
Mayor Phil Goff says Pasifika holds a special place in Auckland's social and cultural life.
“Auckland is the world's biggest Pacific city, with strong ties to the islands, and Pasifika has become part of our culture and identity.
I'm proud that Auckland celebrates its diversity through the coming together to embrace Pasifika.”
To find out more about Pasifika Festival 2017, go to:
Harry Kane's penalty against Colombia in the World Cup last-16 tie made them the first England player to score in six consecutive internationals since 1939.
Having been fouled by Carlos Sanchez, Kane - after a lengthy delay caused by Colombia's protests to referee Mark Geiger - duly kept their cool to break the deadlock from 12 yards.
It brought up the Tottenham star's sixth goal of the tournament, and also saw England's captain equal Tommy Lawton's 79-year-old record.
Kane's strike also sees the 24-year-old match Lionel Messi's total record of World Cup goals, on their debut at the tournament.
A key bottom line: The position is important, even vital. Why is Kennedy themselves among North Dakota's highest paid public servants? Simple: Because Kennedy's salary is leverage. It's an investment by North Dakota in Kennedy's talent and connections, traits that Kennedy is expected to use to raise tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars for the university.
Fundraising is a huge part of a modern university president's job. So is running the complicated institution in a way that grows its reputation and strength.
If Kennedy succeeds at those goals, then North Dakota's investment will have more than paid off. And if the event coordinator helps Kennedy succeed, then the state will have spent its money wisely there, too.
Furthermore, critics hurt their case when they dismiss the coordinator as a "bartender." A glance at the job description sets the record straight. The description lists more than 50 duties, of which "serve as bartender during events" is only one.
Other duties include "initiate, plan and coordinate all official entertaining events hosted by the president and first lady," "coordinate all catering arrangements," "extend invitations and coordinate RSVP follow-up," "on-site management of the event," "track expenses," "oversee payment" and dozens of others.
As a thoughtful letter in Monday's Herald concluded, "to reduce the impressive multi-tasking that the event coordinator must do to just one of the more trivial duties in the job description is a disservice to their (the retiring incumbent's) valuable work and presence at UND."
That said, Kennedy must realize that with every UND staffer and student anxious about where the ax will fall, their own hiring decisions will be second guessed. People are watching, and a key to getting "buy in" from them will be showing that the administration is sharing—not just feeling—their pain.
That's where Kennedy should direct their attention, because that's why this hire touched a nerve.
It's the timing—meaning the timing of this particular hire, and what it seems to be saying about Kennedy's approach to UND's fiscal squeeze.
UND philosophy professor Jack Russell Weinstein was blunt about that perception. "They're cutting the law school, they're cutting the radio station and they're cutting courses, and the president is hiring a party planner," Weinstein told Herald Staff Writer Andrew Hazzard.
A few years ago, Altru Health System faced its own cutbacks. Here's how the headline in the next day's Herald read: "Altru tightens its belt; senior leadership taking pay cut until end of 2013."
Altru's approach generated comments, too; but those comments were a lot more forgiving of Altru's leaders. That's because the stakeholders knew the leaders were sharing in the sacrifice, not just doing it out. There's a lesson in that perception for Kennedy at UND.
-- Tom Dennis for the Herald
With just four weeks remaining in the regular season, teams are now making their final push toward conference championships and a possible playoff birth.
Our Game of the Week features two teams from the Northwest Ohio Conference: Archbold (5-1) and Liberty Center (5-1).
Archbold is coming off a 28-0 shutout victory over Bryan, their second shutout of the season.
The Blue Streaks have a strong and consistent defense. In their three conference games, Archbold's defense have given up a combined 34 points.
So far, Archbold is undefeated in conference, but their road to the conference championship must pass through the dynamic offense of Liberty Center.
Liberty Center is coming off a heartbreaking 35-24 loss to Wauseon. At one point in the game, the Tigers were down 21-7, but scratched their way in the second half to take 24-21 lead in the third quarter. But two touchdowns by Wauseon, included a late pick-six, handed Liberty Center their first conference loss.
Despite the loss, the Tigers are still averaging 38 points per game.
In the Northern Buckeye Conference, number 1 ranked Eastwood (6-0) is heading into what could be their toughest test yet against Otsego (5-1).
Eastwood is coming off a 35-7 win over Fostoria, yet another dominating win on their resume. However Eastwood got off to a slow start, holding just a 7-0 lead at the half.
The Eagles are making statements on both sides of the ball. Offensively, Eastwood averages 37.5 points per game. Meanwhile, the Eagles' defense gave up more than seven points only once this season in a 56-22 victory over Rossford.
However, Otsego could upset the power in the conference and have a track to the championship through their rival.
The Knights are coming off a 49-14 victory over Woodmore. Their sole loss of the season was an out of conference game against Bowling Green.
While giving up a lot of points per game on defense, Otsego makes up for that weakness on the offensive side of the ball.
The Knights are averaging 38 points per game.
Both teams are alone at the top of the conference standings. However, Eastwood has both Genoa and Lake left on their schedule, the two teams tied for second in the conference. Meanwhile, Otsego only has Lake left.
Finally, Northview (6-0) is hoping to avoid a trap game against Bowling Green (3-3) before their bout against Anthony Wayne.
Northview is the "Little Engine That Could" in 2017.
After an upset win over Springfield two weeks ago, Northview seems to be headed toward a huge game against Anthony Wayne that could decide the Northern Lakes League this year.
The Wildcats' defense is only allowing 11.5 points per game.
While they come into the game a favorite, they will have to line up against a hungry Bowling Green squad.
Bowling Green is .500 on the season, but they may have played one of the toughest schedules in all of northwest Ohio. The Bobcats' three losses this season came to Eastwood, Springfield and Anthony Wayne, who have a combined 15-2 record.
Meanwhile, the Bobcats handed Otsego their only loss of the season in Week 3.
There will be several other games featured on Jim White Toyota Big Board Friday including:
Ottawa Hills @ Hilltop
Springfield @ Napoleon
Swanton @ Wauseon
Clay @ Whitmer
Findlay @ St. John's
Southview @ Maumee
Elmwood @ Rossford
Anthony Wayne @ Perrysburg
Sand Creek @ Whiteford
Central Catholic @ Fremont Ross
Clyde @ Columbian
Mohawk @ Seneca East
St. Francis @ Lima
Defiance @ Ottawa-Glandorf
Liberty-Benton @ Pandora-Gilboa
Check out the WTOL 11 Sports App for live scoring on these games and more throughout Friday night.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Culinary Class Act: The Cannon Coffee Co. Fantastic breakfast waffles and coffee are worth the short trip to Ottawa Street North
What it is
Now that you have gotten through the first month of a school, you have probably found more than a fair share of delicious breakfast/brunch places on James Street North and Locke Street South.
If you're in the city during reading week, it may be time to expand your breakfast horizons.
What better way to do that then with some damn good waffles? The Cannon is the only place in the city that excels in both waffles and specialty coffee.
Sweet waffles drenched in your choice of chocolate, fruit and whipped cream are served alongside savoury brunch combos of poached eggs, bacon, avocado, grilled veggies and more on top of a waffle the size of your plate.
How to get there from Westdale/Ainslie Wood
Hop on the 1 bus route heading towards downtown.
You will be heading straight down Main Street for a while until your stop on Main and Ottawa.
After getting off, walk north down Ottawa Street until you reach Cannon Street East. The Cannon Coffee will be right on the corner.
How much
A classic, no-nonsense waffle with maple syrup costs $4.50, while the more substantial menu items average at around $7 to $12.
What to get
Good brunch friends don't let each other choose between sweet or savoury. Sharing is caring here so I would recommend splitting an order.
First order one of the brunch plates. My go-to is the California Brunch plate with two poached eggs, avocado salsa, bacon and goat cheese on a jalapeño Havarti waffle. Alongside your savoury waffle plate, go ahead and deck out your sweet waffles with all the syrup, chocolate and fruit that you want (if you are extra hungry maybe order two).
Splitting food will keep both of your cravings satisfied, while also providing a lot of food for just under $10 a head.
I always recommend getting coffee while you wait for your food. The espresso bar is always busy on a weekend morning, but the awesome baristas on staff make it worth it.
Why it's great
While I was learning about all the popular coffee shops in the city, the Cannon was one of the most recommended places by other café owners. The Cannon has gotten the specialty café formula down pat: good coffee and a focused menu that pairs perfectly with it. Their savoury waffle options are unlike anything else in the city, while still executing a classic waffle really well. Beyond breakfast, the place provides comfortable, bright atmosphere to just relax in.
The Cannon could have easily won over many with that alone, but they really take time to make sure that their coffee is worth the trip too. I don't think the combination of good brunch and good company ever needs more justification but if you were waiting for the perfect spot to pull you away from campus, you need to make time to go to Ottawa Street this reading week.
Comments
Share
Tesla's largest-ever Powerpack installation may be coming to north-central California. Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) applied to the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) for approval for a utility-owned 182.5 MW energy storage farm using Tesla Powerpacks at the company's South Bay – Moss Landing Energy Storage site.
PG&E also sought approval for three third-party owned energy storage projects. One of the third-party projects will have a larger initial capacity than the Tesla project. The Tesla project, however, would have an expansion capacity of 1.1 GW.
The storage projects' purpose is to help keep electrical power levels even for PG&E customers. The storage facilities would feed power to the grid when consumption exceeds normal levels and during blackouts or other service interruptions.
The three additional projects and their respective storage capacities are Dynegy Marketing and Trade, LLC, 300 MWh; Hummingbird Energy Storage LLC, 75 MW; and Micronoc Inc., 10 MW. All four projects would use lithium-ion battery storage technology and be located in the utility's South Bay – Moss Landing area, which services from the South Bay area south to California's central coast. The coverage area encompasses Silicon Valley.
The projects will have enough storage capacity to provide power to the region's electrical grid for four hours. If the Tesla project expands to the max, its discharge duration will increase to six hours and provide six times as much energy as the initial installation.
Tesla's 100 MW battery farm in South Australia, switched on December 1, 2018, has already proved its value. In the first four months of service, the costs for ancillary services to fill in for power interruptions in the region decreased by a full 90 percent, according to McKinsey and Co.
PG&E is looking for improved service and reduced costs from the proposed projects.
“Energy storage plays an increasingly important role in California's clean energy future, and while it has been a part of PG&E's power mix for decades – starting with the Helms Pumped Storage Plant in the 1980's – recent decreases in battery prices are enabling energy storage to become a competitive alternative to traditional solutions. As a result, we believe that battery energy storage will be even more significant in enhancing overall grid reliability, integrating renewables, and helping customers save energy and money,” said Roy Kuga, vice president, Grid Integration and Innovation, PG&E.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
The U.S. death rate rose last year, and 2017 will likely be the third straight year of decline in American life expectancy, according to preliminary data.
Death rates rose for Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, flu and pneumonia, and three other leading causes of death, according to numbers posted online Wednesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Full-year data is not yet available for drug overdoses, suicides or firearm deaths. But partial-year statistics in those categories showed continuing increases.
Just as important, there was little change in the death rate from the nation's No. 1 killer: heart disease. In the past, steady annual drops in heart disease death rates offset increases in other causes. But that offset is no longer happening, experts say.
The CDC's National Center for Health Statistics calculated the preliminary rates based on a first-pass review of death certificates filed last year. There typically are delays in the filing of paperwork for causes of death that involve police investigations.
A more complete report is expected around the end of the year, including the number of deaths and a calculation of life expectancy — the average lifespan based on year of birth, current death trends and other factors.
For decades, life expectancy increased, rising a few months nearly every year. But 2016 was the second year in a row in U.S. life expectancy fell, a rare event that had occurred only twice before in the last century.
Health officials say there was one three-year decline. That occurred in 1916, 1917 and 1918, a period that included the worst flu pandemic in modern history.
“Looking at these numbers, it seems likely” the nation has just tied that record, said Anne Case, a Princeton University researcher who's done influential work on deaths in middle-aged white Americans from suicides, drug overdose and alcohol abuse.
The overall death rate rose a little less than 1 percent, to about 734 deaths per 100,000 people. The rate dipped slightly in 2016 despite a record number of deaths that year, so its rise in 2017 is more reason to expect life expectancy will worsen, Case said.
There was some good news.
The death rate for cancer, the nation's No. 2 killer, continued to drop. It fell 2 percent from 2016. Death rates from HIV and blood infections also declined.
The heart disease death rate fell too, but only by 0.3 percent. Experts think the nation's increasing obesity rate is probably a factor in the flattening of heart disease death rates.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Friends and family of the man killed in a violent home invasion in London, Ont., this week say a mother, their son and their boyfriend are among the seven people facing charges in connection to their death.
More details are emerging about the suspects – two women, three men and two male teens – charged and in custody after the stabbing death of Raymond Beaver at their home in the city's east end.
Melissa George, 34, is charged with uttering a threat to cause death or bodily harm to Beaver. George is also facing break and enter and assault with a weapon charges.
She's the mother of 18-year-old Nicholas George, and the girlfriend of Daniel Cavanagh, 32, who are both charged with assault with a weapon and breaking and entering the home on Lansdowne Ave. to commit an indictable offence.
Amanda Clarke, Beaver's step-daughter, and other friends say the 34-year-old George was Beaver's niece.
George and Cavanagh were a couple, friends said Tuesday. The two had been together for almost three years, according to their Facebook profiles.
The 18-year-old accused has a young son, according to their Facebook page.
Also charged in connection to the assault are Lisa Sager, 38, and Peter Townsend, 20. They were taken into police custody late Wednesday night and charged with break and enter and assault with a weapon.
Two male teens, 15 and 16, who can't be named under the youth justice law, are charged with one count each of break and enter into a home.
None of the seven faces homicide-related charges, but the police asked for three of the adults in custody to be held for three days while they unravel how and why Beaver died.
Three of the adults who were arrested early Wednesday – Cavanagh, George and their son – made brief video court appearances Thursday morning.
All of them had their cases adjourned until Tuesday when the investigative hold requested by the police is due to expire.
The younger George's defence lawyer Jim Dean indicated to justice of the peace Susan Stewart that the adjournment will allow for more time for additional background to be forwarded to the defence and to see if any additional charged are going to be laid.
During their brief video appearance, Cavanagh kept their head down and mumbled “yes, ma'am” when asked if they understood they would remain in custody.
Clarke and their mother, Beaver's wife, were in the courtroom to watch the three accused make their court appearances.
“It was really hard, but it was for my stepdad,” they said in a Facebook message.
“I wanted to see the faces and see if they looked sorry.”
Clarke launched a GoFundMe campaign Wednesday to support Beaver's wife and 13-year-old daughter and help pay funeral expenses. The crowdfunding page has a $6,000 target.
“I think we are all still in shock and disbelief. This is something that should just never happen to anyone,” said Clarke.
“We are all not even sure where to begin but we have to start picking up the pieces now.”
Clarke said Beaver's daughter is in their last year of public school with their father gone, money is a concern. They said the family hasn't been able to return to the Lansdowne Avenue home and is still reeling from the sudden loss.
“I feel that if our community could come together to raise any amount of money it would really help Destiny for their future,” they said.
On Facebook, Clarke said Beaver's funeral will be held at Needham Funeral Service on Dundas St. Tuesday Oct. 10 at 2 p.m. with visitation one hour prior.
She'll remember the 43-year-old for their charming ways and quick wit.
“He was the kind of guy that once you met them you'd always remember him. They didn't blend in with the crowd,” they said.
1:18 Chief deputy coroner Lonnie Miley details decomposed body found Pause
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in their first 100 days?
1:31 Hundreds mourn Peach deputies at somber vigil
0:52 Tour the $4.3 million new downtown sheriff's annex
0:51 "We all remember having really great Christmases," Middle Georgia Layaway Santa says
1:28 Prosecutor: Gun recovered after Wings Cafe shootout used in 2012 gang shooting
2:32 Bibb SPLOST coordinator Clay Murphey talks about City Auditorium needs
1:50 How Kerk Murray met Taylor Swift
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
Police in Paducah, Kentucky are looking for a woman who reportedly hit a woman and took off.
It happened near the Barbecue on the River Festival on Thursday, Sept. 28, around 5:50 p.m.
The victim told officers that they were walking across 3rd Street when they were hit by a large gray GMC SUV with Illinois registration.
The woman driving said, "You were in my blind spot," before they drove away, according to the victim.
Investigators said the driver is a white woman with blonde hair.
The victim had to go to the hospital.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Paducah Police Department at 270/444-8550 or Crime Stoppers at 443-TELL. Tipsters also may access the online tip form through the City of Paducah website. Information leading to an arrest or indictment may result in a reward of up to $1,000.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
The acquisition is an important step in the direction of becoming a leading European Surveillance & Security distributor.
EET Europarts is pleased to announce the acquisition of one of the leading distributors of CCTV and access control equipment in the UK, Pro-Vision Distribution Ltd. The company is an authorised distributor for over 60 brands from manufacturers that are highly respected throughout the industry.
“I am very excited to announce the acquisition of Pro-Vision, the company has an excellent reputation in the CCTV and Security marketplace with vendors such as Bosch, Pelco, Panasonic, Idis and Hanwha Samsung” said Simon Smith, Managing Director at EET Europarts in the UK, and continues; “This acquisition brings a very strong sales and support team, giving the customers the specialist knowledge and support needed in order to supply them the correct solution. The acquisition of Pro-Vision will also strengthen the product offering and sales expertise to existing EET customers of CCTV and Security products. Pro-Vision customers will also now have a much broader range of products in both CCTV and Security and in all our other product categories”.
Pro-Vision has a well-earned reputation for getting things right, on time, every time – in terms of product knowledge, delivery and support. With the acquisition, EET Europarts will take over a team of over 20 dedicated and experienced employees from Pro-Vision.
Commenting on the acquisition Peter Ford, Managing Director at Pro-Vision said: “ since 2005 when Brian Munday and I started the company we have endeavoured to grow the business in a professional manner with a level of service that complemented the world class manufacturers we represent. We look forward to bringing to EET Europarts our market knowledge, experience and sales skills. We will, of course, keep the same partnership relationships with our suppliers and I feel confident that jointly, we are ready to gain significant market share going forward as an integral part of an ambitious and successful company”.
“With the acquisition of Pro-Vision we strengthen our position within the Surveillance & Security area significantly. We will now be able to provide our customers with an even better product portfolio and achieve our ambition of being the preferred distribution partner in Europe,” says Bo Ørbjerg, Business Line Director, Surveillance & Security at EET Group.
For further information, please contact:
Simon Smith
Managing Director
Phone: +44 333 241 9251
e-mail: ssm@eeteuroparts.co.uk
EET Europarts Ltd
Anamax House
Oxford Road
Gerrards Cross
SL9 7BB, Buckinghamshire
United Kingdom
About Pro-Vision Distribution Ltd
Pro-Vision Distribution Limited is a CCTV, access control and public address equipment distributor to the UK trade installer. Supplying only branded products, the company are authorised distributors for many leading security industry manufacturers.
Companies with a world class reputation trust Pro-Vision to promote and support their products. The company has a well-earned reputation for getting things right – on time – every time – in terms of product knowledge, delivery and support.
Pro-Vision has a highly-trained, experienced sales team who go through regular product training, enabling them to answer the majority of technically related questions and supply the customer with the correct solution. Without exception everyone at Pro-Vision is committed to ensure that communicating with the company is always a pleasurable experience.
About EET Group
EET Group is Europe's leading distributor within: Server, Computer & Printer parts, Storage & Network, Mobile Parts & Accessories, Consumer Electronics, Surveillance & Security, Professional AV & Digital Signage, Point of Sale & Auto ID and Logistical Services.
EET Group was founded in 1986, and is today represented with 32 sales offices in 25 countries across Europe under the commercial name EET Europarts.
EET Group represents a wide range of leading brands including: HP Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Lenovo, MicroConnect, MicroBattery, Ubiquiti Networks, HP Procurve, Cisco, Synology, Qnap, B&O Play, Loewe, Podspeakers, Kensington, tado, Apple, eSTUFF, Incipio, Griffin, MicroSpareparts Mobile, Axis, Hikvision, Bosch, MicroView, Milestone, NEC, Philips, EPSON, VivoLink, Airtame, Zebra, Honeywell, Star Micronics, Datalogic, Datamax and many more.
EET Group is situated in Birkerød just north of Copenhagen and is the parent company of all EET Europarts sales entities. As such, EET Group is the backbone of the organisation and provides all back office functions within: Corporate Management, Finance, Marketing, IT, WEB- and ERP-development, Logistics, Product Management and Procurement.
The group employs more than 500 employees, serves more than 44,000 dealers and handles more than 1,000,000 deliveries per year.
The dollar slipped against the yen on Tuesday, pressured by nerves over economic talks between the United States and Japan, while Britain's pound soared after Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early general election.
Continue Reading Below
Investors are watching ongoing U.S.-Japan economic talks for further signs of the direction U.S. trade policy could take under President Donald Trump, who campaigned on a protectionist platform and has complained of countries artificially weakening their currencies.
The dollar gained overnight against the yen on comments by U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin that were seen favoring long term dollar strength, but reversed direction to trade 0.1 percent lower at 108.68 yen in morning trade in Europe.
Upbeat words from the U.S. and Japan after the first round of talks in Tokyo failed fully to quell worries among investors that Japan's long-running efforts to weaken the yen will affect the dialog.
“The talks … are of potentially of significant consequence because the tone taken between the U.S. and Japan on trade really could give us a better idea about how far the U.S. is prepared to go down the road of protectionism,” said Jane Foley, currency strategist with Rabobank in London.
Concerns about North Korea and French presidential elections also kept a lid on the dollar against the yen – traditionally a haven for capital in the face of political and economic stress – which has surged in the past two weeks.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
“This morning perhaps the geopolitical tension has eased just a small amount. We have of course seen Trump suggest the main movements against (North) Korea are likely to be economic sanctions rather than military,” Foley said.
Sterling surged to its highest levels since early February, up 0.9 percent at $1.2679, after May made a surprise call for an early general election to be held on June 8.
Analysts said markets were taking the move as a positive as polls show May likely to win the election, and a victory could strengthen their party's majority in government ahead of Brexit negotiations, reducing political uncertainty a notch.
The euro was 0.4 percent higher at $1.06840, having seen limited movement on Monday when many European markets were shut for the Easter holiday.
But investors were on edge ahead of this week's first round of the French presidential elections, with the one-week cost of hedging euro swings versus the dollar around its highest since before Italy's constitutional referendum last December.
Weaker prices for iron ore continued to weigh on the Australian dollar, which dipped 0.6 percent to $0.7540 after rising to a two-week high above $0.7600 on the back of upbeat Chinese growth data.
“Recent comments from the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) suggest that Australian policymakers are more likely to stay on hold going forward. In other words, AUD/USD is likely to remain range bound,” analysts at Credit Suisse wrote in a note to clients.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; additional reporting by Tokyo Markets team; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released their own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
0:51
Macon resident states case why alcohol should be allowed in Rosa Parks Square
2:14
Former Macon Mayor C. Jack Ellis opposes beer festival in park
1:30
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
It turns out the federal government has an extensive list of suggested rules to encourage respect for our flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
Treating Old Glory right: How to display the American flag
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep.
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
The writer of the threatening letter justified it by saying because of loud fireworks displays last year, they only got two hours of sleep. (Source: WXYZ/CNN)
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
On Wednesday, Americans will visit parks, lakes, rivers and other public spaces to watch their hometown fireworks display to celebrate Independence Day.
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
Fireworks light up the sky over the Philadelphia Museum of Art during an Independence Day celebration, Wednesday, July 4, 2012, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
New York, Philadelphia is among America's best Fourth of July fireworks displays
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Spectators cheer as confetti falls during rehearsal for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday.
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for the 11th time.
Miki Sudo held on to their title as the top women's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
Chestnut said they were "feeling good."
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session.
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
"Frankly, the judging was just off," said George Shea, the longtime Coney Island announcer. "Joey said, 'Look at my plates,' and Carmen said, 'Look at my plates.' We counted the plates that they had eaten and it was 64 and 74."
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74, two more than they consumed last year.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
A total of $40,000 in prize money was up for grabs, with the first-place winners taking home $10,000 each.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband, Dwight Pleasant, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
___
This story has been corrected to show the hometown is spelled Tucson, not Tuscon.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Donald Trump speaks about the ongoing situation in Charlottesville, Va., at Trump National Golf Club, Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017, in Bedminster, N.J. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Get the Mach newsletter.
It's no secret that the Milky Way is big, but new research shows that it may be much bigger than we ever imagined.
The research, described May 7 in the journal "Astronomy & Astrophysics," indicates that our spiral galaxy's vast rotating disk of stars spans at least 170,000 light-years, and possibly up to 200,000 light-years.
It's hard to fathom just how far that is. If you could ride a light beam from one side of the disk to the other, it would take 200,000 years to span the distance. If you could drive across and averaged 60 miles an hour, it would take more than 2 trillion years. That's about 150 times greater than the age of the universe, which is estimated to be about 13.8 billion years.
The colored region is the previously known galactic disk. The new research has extended its limits much farther away: there is a probability 99.7% or 95.4% respectively that there are disk stars in the regions outside the dashed/dotted circles. Yellow dot is the position of the sun. Background Milky Way image from "A Roadmap to the Milky Way." R. Hurt / SSC-Caltech, NASA/JPL-Caltech
For many years, astronomers believed the Milky Way's disk spanned about 100,000 light-years. Then in 2015, researchers showed that a distance of 150,000 light-years was closer to the mark.
To arrive at the new number, researchers at the Canary Islands Institute of Astrophysics and the National Astronomical Observatories of Beijing turned to a pair of star atlases and studied the chemical composition of thousands of stars in the outermost parts of the galactic plane — the plane that extends through the center of the disk. The researchers used a statistical analysis to determine that the far-flung stars are chemically similar to the stars in the galactic disk and thus should be considered part of it.
"We were able to confirm that some stars of the outermost regions in the plane belong to the disk," Martin Lopez-Corredoira, a researcher at the institute and the first author of the article describing the research, told NBC News MACH in an email.
Spiral galaxy NGC 6744 (shown here) is believed to be similar in appearance to our own Milky Way Galaxy. Dan Goldman
The finding offers further confirmation of the disk's complex structure, Heidi Newberg, an astrophysicist at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the leader of the research team that revised the size estimate of the Milky Way in 2015, told NBC News MACH in an email.
"We are still trying to understand the details of how galaxies form, how spiral structure is formed and sustained, and how elements...are created in stars and then transported through the cosmos so they can be incorporated into planets and life," Newberg said. "Information on the extent and detailed structure of the disk help answer these questions."
The research also gives a new sense of the sun's position within the Milky Way. Previously, it was thought that the sun orbits the center of our galaxy at about half the galactic radius. But now we know that some stars are more than three times that distance from the galaxy's center possibly more than four times that distance — so while the sun hasn't made any surprising moves, it's much closer to the center of the galaxy than we thought.
One thing that hasn't changed is the number of stars in the Milky Way. "Although we have increased the size of the galactic stellar disk, the number of stars and the total mass of the galaxy [are] not significantly affected because the outermost disk...has a very low density of stars," Lopez-Corredoira said in the email.
Astronomers believe the Milky Way contains about 200 billion stars.
Want more space stories?
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
PARIS (AP) — French consumer fraud authorities are investigating a promotional campaign for Nutella that prompted scuffles in several supermarkets — and even a police intervention.
The Finance Ministry's fraud agency said Tuesday it will examine whether the campaign by the Intermarche supermarket chain violated pricing regulations. An official with the agency would not give further details.
Intermarche drew big crowds at several stores last week after announcing sales of the chocolate and hazelnut spread for just 1.41 euros ($1.74), some 70 percent below the regular price.
Video circulated online of ensuing scuffles in some stores, drawing worldwide attention — and questions from authorities.
Nutella manufacturer Ferrero has distanced itself, saying Intermarche is entirely responsible.
The investigation comes as the government prepares to present a draft law this week aimed at stricter and clearer regulation for big retailers.
LOS ANGELES — A gunshot that went off in a Los Angeles middle school classroom on Thursday, hitting two students, was accidentally discharged from inside a girl's backpack, Los Angeles police said Friday.
A 12-year-old girl was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm after the shooting, police had said Thursday.
On Friday, LAPD Deputy Chief Robert Arcos told NBC News that evidence appeared to point to the weapon discharging once from within the bookbag — but they noted that investigators continue to examine evidence and interview witnesses.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 12-year-old girl in custody after 2 students are shot at LA middle school 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The girl suspected of possessing the weapon was not identified due to being a juvenile. It's not clear why they had a gun in their backpack or how they got it. Arcos told NBC News the girl's parents are cooperating with investigators.
The gunfire erupted just before 9 a.m. PT at Salvador Castro Middle School, just west of downtown Los Angeles.
A 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head was in critical condition, and a 15-year-old girl who was shot in the arm was listed as stable, Los Angeles police said late Thursday. Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center said both were expected to make full recoveries.
Three others — a 30-year-old female staff member at the school and two other students, an 11-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl — suffered superficial face and head injuries, police said.
Police recovered a semiautomatic handgun and described the shooting as an isolated incident involving negligence.
Jordan Valenzuela, a schoolmate of the girl in custody, told the Associated Press that they later said it was an accident.
The sobbing girl told him: "I didn't mean to. I had the gun in my backpack and I didn't know it was loaded and my backpack fell and the gun went off,'" the seventh-grader said.
Jordan, 15, later told the AP that the girl sat at the desk with their hands covering their face after the incident, and then they asked them to hide the backpack with the gun in it.
"I said 'No,'" Jordan told the AP. "Then I moved away from them because I was a little bit scared."
"She doesn't do bad things, they just stays quiet," they added.
Parents pick up their children at Salvadore Castro Middle School in Los Angeles on Thursday after two students were wounded by gunfire at the school. Frederic J. Brown / AFP - Getty Images
Steven Zipperman, chief of the Los Angeles School Police department, called the incident "very traumatic" for the kids in the classroom.
"One of the main missions we will have is the issue of finding out how a young person had access to a weapon," Zipperman said Thursday. "I assure you, if it came from an adult in a home, that the proper prosecutorial procedure will occur."
Andrew Blankstein reported from Los Angeles. Elizabeth Chuck reported from New York.
A bicyclist who claims they were hurt in last week's deadly bridge collapse in Miami filed the first civil lawsuit Monday in the case, accusing builders of reckless negligence.
Marquise Hepburn, 24, is suing various design and engineering companies involved, including Munilla Construction Management and partner FIGG Bridge Engineers.
Hepburn was biking to work Thursday afternoon just as the 950-ton span buckled onto busy Southwest Eighth Street, their attorney, Matt Morgan, said at a news conference. A car veered into Hepburn's path to avoid being entrapped, they added, knocking them off of their bicycle and leaving them caught amid the rubble.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Victims of the Florida bridge collapse have been identified 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Morgan did not detail Hepburn's injuries, but said they were hospitalized and is now on a variety of medication.
"He remains in a bad way and he's recovering," Morgan said.
Hepburn is seeking damages in excess of $15,000, although Morgan estimated lawsuits could top $1 billion in claims.
This initial suit in Miami-Dade Circuit Court comes as investigators work to unravel what caused the tragedy — and follows the revelation that a FIGG engineer working on the bridge warned state officials two days earlier that they had seen cracks in the concrete structure.
The warning was left in a voicemail that was only heard Friday because the recipient of the call had been out of the office on assignment, the Florida Department of Transportation said.
Related: Police believe all victims found in Florida bridge collapse
MCM and FIGG did not immediately respond to a request for comment about the lawsuit, but have previously said they are working with investigators.
Six people died and eight people were injured in the collapse, according to officials.
Morgan said their client's case hinges on what officials knew about the span's integrity and "why were vehicles allowed to travel underneath that bridge if the bridge might have been in a vulnerable state?"
The section of walkway was dropped into place March 10, but wasn't scheduled to open until 2019, when it would have connected Florida International University with the town of Sweetwater.
The university did not design or build the bridge, but awarded the contract as part of a federal transportation grant.
Recovery operations continue Saturday morning, March 17, 2018, at the site of the Florida International University-Sweetwater University bridge in the Miami area that collapsed during construction earlier in the week. Pedro Portal / Miami Herald via AP
The 174-foot-long section was part of a larger bridge being built that was designed to withstand hurricane-force winds. The method of "accelerated bridge construction" that was being used is considered innovative because it allows a bridge to be assembled on site in a short amount of time with minimal traffic disruption.
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., told "Meet the Press" on Sunday that the National Transportation Safety Board is testing the salvaged concrete as part of its investigation. They said they couldn't confirm earlier reports that workers were specifically "stress testing" the span at the time of the collapse.
"What we do know is that there was work ongoing. There are these rods that go inside [the bridge], they're like cables, and they were being tightened," Rubio said.
"Whether the work was the cause of it or not remains to be seen," they added.
Students from FIU held a moment of silence Monday afternoon for the six victims. Among those killed was 18-year-old FIU student Alexa Duran, whose uncle has demanded accountability.
"I want people to step up and say, 'Hey, I was the one responsible,'" said Joe Smitha, according to NBC Miami. "Come out of the shadows. Where are you people? This was a colossal failure of the system and this was complete incompetence from the top down."
In recent times, Mr. Sterling, who plays for the Premier League champions, Manchester City, has featured in tabloid stories criticizing the hours they keep, the cars they drive and the junk food they have been seen to consume.
They have been criticized for buying their mother a house, for flying on a budget airline when they are paid hundreds of thousands of dollars a month and for chartering a private jet.
Image Mr. Sterling has explained the tattoo by saying, “My father died from being gunned down to death. I made a promise to myself that I would never touch a gun in my lifetime.” Credit Oli Scarff/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
“I've got that face,” they said in an interview with The Guardian newspaper last year. “You know when you see someone on TV and go, ‘I don't like him?' Some people have that face and I've got it. I can't do anything about it. I've just got face: They look like a brat. The ‘I don't like face.' That's how I see it. And I'm not a brat. Sometimes I'm watching a movie and you see a character and go, ‘I don't like him' — that's me.”
They have explained the image by saying in a statement that “when I was 2, my father died from being gunned down to death. I made a promise to myself that I would never touch a gun in my lifetime.”
That episode happened when they were growing up in Jamaica before moving to North London. And, they have pointed out, the tattoo is on the same right leg as they use to kick the ball into the goal with such deftness and regularity as to make them an important part of the England squad. “I shoot with my right foot so it has a deeper meaning,” they said.
But, of course, the latest controversy resonates much further at a time when the United States is seized with controversy over ownership of versions of the weapon Mr. Sterling displays on their leg.
Police release a new photo of the Subway robbery suspect. (Source: WFPD)
Police have released a new photo of the suspect in a robbery at a Wichita Falls Subway.
On Thursday, just after 3 p.m. officers were dispatched to the Subway in the 3700 block of Fairway Blvd. in the shopping strip next to Market Street.
Early reports indicate a white man, 40 to 50-years-old, standing 5'10 to 6 feet tall, weighing around 200 to 220 pounds entered the store and demanded money.
The suspect was wearing a grey jacket or hoodie. It is not clear if the suspect had a weapon or claimed they had a weapon.
Detectives are interviewing the employees to gather more information. The suspect left on foot northbound on Fairway Blvd.
If you have any information on this crime, please call the Wichita Falls Police Department at 940-720-5000.
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Gene Haas says the gulf between their Formula 1 squad and the championship's three leading teams has left them feeling "really depressed".
Haas is seventh in the constructors' standings on 29 points halfway through its second season in F1, with the best finish of sixth in July's Austrian Grand Prix from Romain Grosjean.
Grosjean finished comfortably clear of the American outfit's midfield rivals in that race, But was more than a minute behind Valtteri Bottas' winning Mercedes at the end of the race and was 1.2 seconds slower than the Finn in qualifying.
Haas said they were baffled how Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull could be "light years" ahead of the rest of the pack.
"I think we have two good drivers right now, they've both scored points, the car's very good," Haas, whose team has a close technical partnership with Ferrari, told Autosport.
"But the real cloud that hangs over us is the fact we're one to two seconds [a lap] off the fastest cars.
"Quite frankly we don't understand [how] we can be that far off with what we consider to be state-of-the-art equipment.
"Other than the top three teams, everybody's in that boat.
"That to me is probably the biggest problem right now, that the top three teams are light years ahead of everybody else.
"They are also the teams that develop their own engines, transmissions and chassis, so there's an inherent advantage in doing that.
"How do we overcome that? Quite frankly there's no answer to that, which is really depressing."
Haas said the wide gap separating F1's top three squads - which between them have locked out the podium at every race this year so far except for the Azerbaijan Grand Prix - from the rest needed addressing.
"That's a dilemma that F1 is facing," Haas added.
"You have the teams at the front and then this big mid-pack... we're all very close together; the mid-pack is all within a second.
"So from a competitive standpoint we're all very equal, it's just you have this group way out in front that we're all struggling with.
"The reality of it is that outside those three teams nobody has a chance to win. "If you're running sixth through to 20th, you really don't have a chance of winning."
U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, left, talks with South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo during their meeting at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Pool Photo via AP Kim Hong-Ji
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The long-awaited Second Avenue Subway is now open to the public, and Q trains have started making stops at three new stations.
As 1010 WINS' Glenn Shuck reported, the initial groundbreaking for the subway happened when Richard Nixon was in office.
That may be why the critical 2 mile stretch of track was something New Yorkers thought would never be finished, but shiny new stations with eye-catching artwork were open for business to begin 2017.
“It is, how many, 40 years, 50 years, it's very exciting that it's opening up,” one woman said.
“It's clean, it's beautiful, it's well designed,” another added.
As CBS2's Dave Carlin reported, straphangers found the ride to be smooth on the sparkling train that brought them convenience after about a decade of the opposite.
“It's amazing! Hallelujah,” Kaz Tanakh said.
Subway car after subway car was filled with people who were all smiles thanks to service they say will make their lives better.
“I work down at 28th and Park, and I normally take the 6 Train, but this will help me,” Jeff Auerbach said.
Some riders demanded that it be extended up to 125th Street, and wanted other improvements as well.
“I would like it to connect, not just to the Lexington Avenue line, but connect to the 1 Line,” Michael Zorek said.
The line will be expanded north into Harlem in the coming years, but for now it's finally ‘mission accomplished.'
Power sector loses N534b in 356 days
12 plants not active on Xmas Day
Over N534 billion in revenue was lost by the power sector in 2016, according to the Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry (NESI).
Among the reasons for the loss are shortages in gas supply, frequency and line limitations and water levels management constraints that led to several cases of outage in the country.
NESI, which put the average daily revenue loss at N1.5 billion, said gas constraint remained one of the major challenges facing the electricity sector.
The N534 billion is the value of electricity lost on account of the challenges, part of which could have been used to bridge the liquidity gap in the power sector, that is put at N1trillion. Already, the sector is finding it difficult to access more loans from Nigerian banks due to their inability to meet the payment obligations for previous debts. The situation will also affect the capacity of the power firms to improve on electricity supply to consumers for domestic and industrial uses.
NESI said in its daily statistics on energy losses that the industry lost N1.525 billion on December 24, 2016 alone. It was also disclosed that about 12 power stations could not produce electricity during off-peak under the review period.
Statistics from the National Control Centre, Osogbo, showed that Afam IV-V, Geregu Gas, Alaoji National Integrated Power Project (NIPP), Olorunsogo Gas, Odukpani NIPP, Okpai, Ibom Power, ASCO, AES, Amoku, Rivers NIPP and Gbarain power plants could not produce a single megawatt (MW) on December 25, 2016. Nigeria has installed power output of 11,165MW, of which the 12 plants have combined capacity of 2,035MW.
If this continues, industries and other users will carry on with the burden of providing own electricity outside the national grid even in the new year. Production and prices of goods and services will be negatively impacted and hopes of any early recovery from the current recession will be dimmed.
The electricity generation report obtained by The Guardian showed that Isolated Ground (IG)10 belonging to Kainji Hydro was shut down on Christmas Day due to temperature problem while IG12 was out of operation due to high water leakage.
Also, Steam Turbine (ST) three and four belonging to Egbin were out of operation due to gas constraints. Although with a capacity to generate over 880mw, the unit was only able to produce 278MW.
It was also learnt that contribution from the hydro-power stations dropped in September to 32.95 per cent from their combined contribution of 36.64 per cent in August.
The third Quarter National Grid Performance Information from the Independent System Operation, Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) showed that the Shiroro Hydro Power Station maintained its lead with 14.75 per cent, though down from 15.90 per cent in August.
Egbin Power Station produced 14.05 per cent of the total electricity in the system, which led to a slight increase in the contribution of privatised thermal power stations in September to 29.22 per cent from 28.25 per cent in August.
Aside the drop in power generated, many distribution companies (DISCOs) rejected electricity supplied to them by the generation firms (GENCOs).
For instance, in September 476.36MWH or 12 per cent of the total energy delivered to the DISCOs was rejected, constituting the highest load rejection in the quarter. The breakdown shows that Abuja Disco rejected 94.72 MWH, Port Harcourt Disco with 92.35 MWH, Ibadan 67.14MWH and Benin Disco 46.40 MWH.
Among all the distribution companies, only Kaduna accepted power beyond the MYTO allocation. It was 65.96 MWH in excess.
The DISCOs had in August rejected about 541.56MWH, which was four per cent of the total energy delivered to them. Port Harcourt Disco rejected the most megawatts totaling 239.88. It was followed by Eko Disco with 134.8 MWH.
On the other hand, in August, five Discos took excess loads beyond their MYTO allocation of 187.21MWH. Abuja Disco took the most with 132.81 MWH, followed by Kaduna Disco with 23.21 MWH, Ibadan Disco with 16.24 MWH and Enugu with 12.42 MWH. All these made peak electricity generation to remain stagnant at 3,890.1MW.
But, in defence of the Discos rejecting the allocated electricity, the Executive Director, Research and Advocacy, Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors (ANED), Sunday Oduntan, said the development was unavoidable.
They told The Guardian in a telephone interview that the Discos were being impacted by TCN's infrastructure and technical limitations in wheeling power to the desired geographical areas.
They said: “The truth of the matter is that TCN has not been able to properly transmit the generated power to the various distribution companies. If my customers are in Mushin, you cannot take the power to Victoria Island. How do you expect us to distribute such power?
“No matter how TCN wants to play it to colour the reality of transmission shortcomings, transmission remains the weakest link in the power value chain.”
Regarding the challenges facing the sector, the Managing Director, Benin DISCO, Funke Osibodu, said Nigeria would only have the kind of power that would support full industrialisation when the country is capable of generating at least 150,000MW of electricity.
They noted that with the current generation capacity below 10,000MW, it was obvious that Nigeria had barely scratched the surface as far as the scale of investments needed in the power sector was concerned.
Speaking at the PricewaterhouseCoopers' Annual Power and Utilities Roundtable, Osibodu said there were shortfalls in both the working capital needed for the day-to-day expenses and CapEx.
They said there was an urgent need to enforce a cost-reflective tariff system to stimulate more investments. “The regulator is trying to avoid tariff shock, a situation where the consumer finds it difficult to cope with increased tariff.”
Managing Director, Oando Gas and Power, Bolaji Osunsanya, said the demand for gas was affected by the preference for oil, poor funding of the joint ventures, absence of commercial terms for gas in the production sharing contracts and the lack of clarity and standardisation of the fiscal terms.
They called for the completion of all ongoing gas-based infrastructure to make gas available in the market as well as a more aggressive implementation of the Nigerian Gas Master Plan.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Utah Jazz guard Ricky Rubio, left, and Oklahoma City Thunder guard Russell Westbrook 0) battle for a loose ball in the second half during Game 4 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series, Monday, April 23, 2018, in Salt Lake City.
The island's longstanding tradition of winemaking needs no further proof than its claim to the world's oldest named wine still in production – that of Koumandaria (Commandaria), proclaimed by Richard the Lionheart as the “wine of the kings and the king of the wines.”
Although relatively new, wine production in the Larnaka region marries the old viticultural history of the island with the new, modern face of the winemaking industry, and is now included in the island's official wine routes. Connoisseurs can indulge in a spot of wine tasting both in the cellars of the city and at the wineries of the mountainous villages, offering two very different experiences, but both equally enjoyable.
Wineries
Ktima Christoudia
Located in the picturesque hillside village of Kato Drys, Ktima Christoudia welcomes visitors with an informative tour around its premises and cellar, followed by wine tasting of its vintages. The winery produces most of its bottles from Cypriot grape varieties cultivated in the vineyards that surround the premises, along with a selection from vines grown in the Pafos area – and all in limited quantity to emphasise the uniqueness of each wine.
For more information, click here.
Ktima Dafermou Winery
Located in the beautiful hills of the Lefkara Valley, Ktima Dafermou winery welcomes visitors and offers information and tours on how wine is made and the grape varieties used, along with wine tasting. The winery produces vintages in limited quantities to ensure maximum quality using the local grape varieties of ancient Maratheftiko (red) and common Xinisteri (white), along with Syrah, Cabernet Sauvignon, Sauvignon Blank, Assyrtiko and Ayiorgitiko varieties.
Wine Cellars
Oak Tree Wine Cellar
Established for over 50 years, Oak Tree Wine Cellar is located in the heart of the old city centre and offers premium quality wines that are mainly produced by relatively small, regional producers who use indigenous grape varieties for authenticity. Aside from stocking an array of vintages and wine accessories, the cellar also runs wine tasting courses, as well as organising private wine tasting sessions with a state-of-the-art wine dispenser that can accommodate eight different varieties, which can also be accompanied with meat and cheese platters for an alternative evening out.
To book your tasting of 10 Cyprus Wines click here. For more information about Oak Tree Wine Cellar click here.
Cavaway
Located in the rural village of Livadia, Cavaway offers the largest range of alcoholic drinks on the island, incorporating an extensive range of wines produced both locally and abroad, including fortified and sparkling varieties. The 800 square metre showroom offers private wine tasting sessions, wine tasting events and wine tasting lessons and seminars, and also adjoins a 4500 square metre warehouse.
Wine Routes
Mountainous Larnaka – Lefkosia
Passing through 10 villages, this varied route comprises the expanse of the mountainous areas of both Larnaka and Lefkosia and takes in three wineries, quaint museums and workshops. Even though it is outside of the traditional wine regions, there are active winemakers here who have planted vineyards with the Assyrtiko, Malvasia Aromatica, Chardonnay and Maratheftiko grape varieties, ensuring their fast integration into the island's winemaking portfolio.
A love of wine is combined with other cultural aspects along this route, such as the inclusion of the village of Lefkara – famous for its handmade lace embroidered linens and delicate filigree silver – along with the village of Fikardou, which is home to one of the oldest traditional wine presses in Cyprus.
This enlightening route passes through: Lefkosia, Skarinou, Lefkara, Kato Drys, Vavla, Ora, Odou, Farmakas, Gourri, Fikardou and Kalo Chorio.
Courtesy of the CTO
BATON ROUGE, La. — Duop Reath scored a career-high 30 points and Tremont Waters added 20 as LSU beat UNC Wilmington 97-84 on Sunday.
Reath, who added five rebounds, made 13 of 17 from the field in 27 minutes, often utilizing a jump hook. Their previous high scoring game was 23 points on two occasions. Waters added 10 assists and nine rebounds while making 7 of 8 from the free-throw line. They also had seven turnovers. Skylar Mays had 14 points on five-of-six shooting and Wayde Sims scored 11 for LSU (5-2).
“I just felt good, my teammates got me some touches and made my job easier,” said Reath, a 6 -11 senior forward. “Coach told us they would be defending one-on-one in the post and there wouldn't be a lot of help. I just had to catch the ball and finish through the contact.
Jordon Talley led UNCW (2-5) with 22 points and seven assists. Jaquel Richmond had 16 points on seven-of-11 shooting and Ty Taylor scored 15.
UNCW's leading scorer and the nation's leading rebounder, Devontae Cacok, sat out the first half because of a team rule violation. They entered the game averaging 19.3 points and 13.0 rebounds per game and finished with 10 points and four boards.
UNCW trimmed a 16-point halftime deficit to 73-65 when LSU turned the momentum. Daryl Edwards converted a 4-point play with 7:38 left and Mays a 3-point play on the next possession for an 80-65 lead. The Seahawks got no closer than 11 points after that. It was the second consecutive victory for LSU, which was coming off an 11-day break for final exams.
LSU coach Will Wade said their team showed defensive improvement but wasn't happy with the 16 turnovers.
“It was a good win,” Wade said. “Funky things can happen coming out of exams, so I thought our guys handled business.
“Duop did a good job of keeping balance and being able to score the ball. We were better today defensively. They hit some tough shots and are really a good team offensively. Our guys stuck to the game plan. You are going to have to give up something. I'm more concerned that our turnover numbers are too high. We'll have to be a lot better on Wednesday when we play Houston.”
LSU led 52-36 at halftime, pulling away in the final five minutes after a technical foul on Wade for protesting a charging call. After UNCW made a technical free throw with 4:25 left, Waters scored six points, and assisted on a dunk by Reath, who had 19 points in the first half.
“We did a nice job early in the game and they hadn't gotten into a rhythm yet,” UNCW coach C.B. McGrath said. “It was a five- or six-point ballgame and we got a little tired. Some of our guys started to sit out and they went on an eight-point run.
“We didn't get some shots that we should have. We didn't get the stops we needed, and some silly fouls turned into three-point plays. That really swung the momentum.”
LSU shot 63.6 per cent from the field (21 of 33), including 5 of 10 from 3-point range, while UNCW shot 35.3 (12 of 34) in the first half. The Tigers finished with a 40-29 edge on the boards.
UP NEXT
LSU: Plays host to Houston Wednesday, the second of five straight home games.
UNCW: Visits UNC Greensboro on Wednesday and returns home to play Furman next Sunday
BOSTON — Guard Isaiah Thomas of the Boston Celtics will fly to Tacoma, Wash., on Wednesday to join their grieving family following the death of their younger sister.
But first, Thomas and their teammates have to see if they can even their playoff series with the Chicago Bulls.
The Bulls opened the best-of-seven series with a 106-102 win Sunday, on a night that could only be described as eerie after the death of Thomas's sister, Chyna, in a one-car accident in Washington.
“They haven't finalized the memorial service plans or funeral plans,” Celtics coach Brad Stevens said at practice Monday. “They're still working on that as a family. If that time comes, when that time comes, when they solidify those plans, obviously we hope to be able to go.”
Thomas, who was emotional before the game and looking stunned the entire night, still managed to score 33 points in a game that saw the eighth-seeded Bulls manhandle the Eastern Conference No. 1 seed on the boards to get the win.
Chicago hauled down an amazing 20 offensive rebounds to win for the eighth time in its last 11 games.
“The series isn't over, it's just beginning,” said former Celtic Rajon Rondo, who had the task of trying to stay with Thomas much of the night, with Jimmy Butler also helping out. “As people say, the series starts when you take advantage of home court, and we did that tonight.
“But all we did was win one game. We have three more to go and it's going to be even tougher.”
Bobby Portis, playing their first playoff game, was outstanding, finishing with 19 points, nine rebounds, three assists and two blocked shots in 29 minutes off the Chicago bench.
“Tonight was Bobby's night,” Bulls guard Dwyane Wade said. “Give credit to our team, our second unit. The first day of practice after we made the playoffs, we came in on Friday and they tore our butts off. They came out and gave us a taste of what we were going to see tonight from a defensive pressure standpoint.
“That's how you win games, when it's a whole team involved.”
Butler, who wants to guard Thomas (coach Fred Hoiberg thinks it takes too much out of their best player to do it consistently), scored 15 of their 30 points in the fourth quarter. They also grabbed nine rebounds and Robin Lopez hauled down eight of their team's 20 offensive boards in the win. But the key was Portis, who averaged 6.8 points and 4.5 rebounds per game during the regular season.
“I've always been confident,” Portis said. “It helps at the same time I knew the circumstances of what my team needed from me. I went out there and played my basketball game. I took the shots that came to me tonight.”
The Celtics know what they did wrong Sunday and what has to be done Tuesday night — a loss meaning they would be down 0-2 heading to Chicago.
“I think a lot of it had to do with Lopez,” Avery Bradley said of the rebounding assault. “I think they had eight offensive rebounds. We have to do a better job as a team being able to contain him. Bigs have to box them out. Guards have to come down and rebound.
“So it's a team issue. We have to help each other out. Make sure we fix it for next game. If we were able to fix that, I think it's a different outcome.”
Thomas kept to themselves after the game and wasn't available to the media again Monday.
“He's trying their best to compartmentalize when he's here to work on what they need to work on, but I'm sure that's difficult,” Stevens said. “But we were together for some film, some walk-through and we'll be back together tomorrow. I think he's as good as they can be, I guess.”
The Porteaus have been surprised by the attention their home has gotten. (Source: News and Tribune)
By DANIELLE GRADY
News and Tribune
NEW ALBANY - Minion mania has overcome Indiana Avenue in New Albany.
Almost 70 of the yellow characters, which were first introduced to the world in the hit children's movie "Despicable Me," fill the yard of married couple Michael and Anne Porteau and their son, Justin.
The smiling creatures, most of them wearing red and white Santa hats, stand in groups and swing from trees - two 11-foot sentries even stand guard next to the Porteau's door at 2032 Indiana Ave.
>> More Floyd County news on wave3.com
While there are many homes throughout the Southern Indiana area decorated for Christmas, none are quite like the Porteaus'. On the street, tens of cars at a time have lined up to snap photos of the display. Still more people have parked their vehicles and walked up to the minions to get a closer to look or a selfie.
Michael sits inside, watching the craziness unfold from their security monitors, or they step out into the fray to chat with the gathered crowd.
The Porteaus have been surprised by the attention their home has gotten.
The married couple have been decorating their home for the holidays since their first child, Johnathon, was born 20 years ago.
Each year, they put just a little more effort into it. Michael would place wire deer in the yard and string lights on the house and in the bushes.
"At the time, it was pretty big," they said. It seemed like it was, anyway.
Last year, Michael stepped their efforts up once again. At the time, Johnathon, who lives next door to Michael, was engaged in a decorating war with the neighbors. One side would buy a new inflatable for their yard; the other would respond by adding their own.
Michael decided to show them both up by purchasing 20 minions for their own display.
They liked the devilish characters. They all looked the same, but you could arrange them in any way you wanted, and they would appear completely different from each other.
"You can put a thousand minions out there and create something, and it doesn't look like a thousand minions," Michael said. "But if you put like a thousand Santa Clauses out there, somebody's going to be like, what's going on here?"
After last Christmas ended, Michael started hunting for more. They found tons of them on sale: a few at Home Depot, another batch at Lowe's. Eventually, they accumulated the 70 or so they have now, spending around $3,000 in total.
Two weeks ago, they started arranging the display. It took them a few days, but soon, they had done it. Michael also made sure to install a lit-up, homemade cross within the minion mayhem; the Porteaus are Christian and Michael felt as if something was missing before they added the homage to Jesus.
Michael hoped their display would bring a little joy to people. They consider themselves a big-hearted guy. Last year, the Hometown Lawncare owner purchased sleeping bags, boots, socks and tents for homeless people. Recently, they bought several televisions, walkers and throw blankets for Yellowwood Terrace in New Albany, a senior housing facility for people with mobility issues.
"That's what I do, you know," Michael said. "I'd rather do for somebody than buy something for myself."
But Michael still didn't think their minion display would garner much attention. Until they saw a video of their home on Facebook posted by Old Town Store in Corydon.
Only a few hours later, the clip, which showed the videographer driving past Michael's house with their phone pointed at the display, had racked up 20,000 views. By the end of the night, it had earned 40,000.
"We were like, oh my gosh, it's 40, there's no way it will get to 60," Anne said.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Toddler signs 'help' while sitting on Santa's lap
+ Extras needed for movie being filmed in WAVE Country
+ Blue Bell Ice Cream to return to WAVE Country
But it did. As of press time, the video had received 3.8 million views and 56,781 shares.
The popularity of the post has attracted some questionable comments - one person threatened to burn Michael's yard. But the positives have still outweighed the negatives.
Michael's favorite comment came from a mom who took their young, minion-obsessed son to see the display. Overjoyed by the setup, they proclaimed it to be the best Christmas present ever.
The story gave Anne cold chills.
"Isn't that sweet!" they said.
"It's big," Michael replied.
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. — Ethan Werek was the lone scorer in the shootout as the Belleville Senators edged the Binghamton Devils 3-2 on Friday in American Hockey League action.
Nick Paul and Macoy Erkamps scored in regulation time for Belleville (19-24-4), the AHL affiliate of the Ottawa Senators. Danny Taylor made 36 saves and turned away four skaters in the shootout for the win.
Steven Santini and Jacob MacDonald supplied the offence for Binghamton (12-23-9). Eddie Lack stopped 28 shots and the first three skaters they faced in the shootout before Werek's winner.
Belleville was 1 for 3 on the power play and the Devils went 1 for 5 with the man advantage.
Fire extinguished at Gaylordsville Post Office
New Milford's three fire departments extinguished a fire at the Gaylordsville Post Office Wednesday afternoon.
The fire was reported out by 1 p.m.
Water Witch Hose Co. #2, Gaylordsville and Northville fire departments all responded and Kent was placed on standby, according to New Milford dispatch.
The Gaylordsville Post Office is in the George Washington Plaza, which also houses a diner, hardwood products and a nail salon.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The old political cliche “Democrats fall in love, while Republicans fall in line” is nevertheless alive and well when it comes to the Democratic base. Many Democrats, including myself, still do need to be in love to be inspired politically. But what's changed is that we no longer need a particular candidate to set our hearts a flutter. Rather, Democrats have begun to fall head over heels in love with the goal of defeating Donald Trump and their agenda. And to achieve that, it seems more and more Democrats may be willing to check progressive purity at the door in favor of progressive pragmatism.
How far the party has shifted in just a year. Around this time in 2017, my SiriusXM radio show hosted what felt like a nightly battle between Bernie Sanders supporters and Hillary Clinton fans fighting for the heart and soul of the Democratic party.
Sanders supporters believed that the Democratic party must move to the left — or at least nominate very progressive candidates — in order to not line up with their beliefs and lead Democrats to victory in 2018 (and beyond). And to be certified “pure,” these liberals demanded that candidates come out strongly in favor a list of issues Sanders had championed during their 2016 run for president, issues such as healthcare for all, committing to a $15 minimum wage, rejecting PAC money and passing banking reform, to name just a handful. The sense was that these progressive perfectionists were ready to abandon the Democratic Party completely — or at least stay home during the midterm elections — if this didn't happen
Flash forward to March 2018, and I'm now hearing some of those very same Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them. Even more interesting: They seem to be sincere about this new strategy, not resentful.
Flash forward to March 2018, and some Bernie purists say that if the candidate has a “D” in front of their name, they will vote for them.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb, the apparent winner of March 13's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district, would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago. For example, Lamb didn't embrace a $15 minimum wage, saying instead it “sounds high based on what I've been told by many small-business owners in our area.” They also are “pro-gun” and on board with natural gas fracking, a big no-no for many progressives.
Lamb even ran a campaign commercial pushing back against claims by their GOP opponent Rick Saccone that they were an ally of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. “I've already said on the front page of the newspaper that I don't support Nancy Pelosi,” Lamb said.
Despite all of that, few Democrats criticized Lamb for their more centrist stances. Even progressive groups like MoveOn.org were all in for Lamb. As MoveOn.org spokesperson Karine Jean Pierre explained on my radio show on March 11, the grassroots organization committed its full support and resources to Lamb. Why? Because, as Pierre, explained, there are over 8,000 Moveon.org members in Lamb's district and they had made it overwhelmingly clear that they approved of Lamb despite some of their moderate views.
Importantly, this pragmatism didn't start with Lamb. It's been slowly developing over the past year, as we saw during 2017's Virginia governor's race. The Virginia Democratic gubernatorial primary last June pitted establishment-backed Lt. Governor Ralph Northam against Bernie Sanders' pick, Tom Perriello. While Northam was solidly center-left, Perriello was clearly the darling of the progressive wing of the party.
Some of the fruits of this new pragmatism have already appeared. Democrat Conor Lamb would never have passed the progressive purity tests being espoused a year ago.
After Perriello was defeated in the primary, there were concerns that the state's more left-leaning Democrats might sit out the November election. The fears of myself and others grew when, just days before the election, Northam said that if elected they would ban so-called sanctuary cities in The Old Dominion State.
But on Election Day, the Democrats were there for Northam, propelling them to a nine-point victory — well ahead of polling that showed them and their GOP rival within the margin of error on election eve. In fact, a record 41 percent of Democrats came out to the polls in this off-year election, of which Northam won 97 percent.
Come 2020, I'm sure there will be fierce, passionate battles about over the progressive credentials of the candidates seeking the Democratic presidential nomination. And there should be. But for 2018, it's looking more and more like Democrats think blocking Trump's agenda in Congress is more important than finding the perfect person to run in every district. Republicans have experienced firsthand the successes of falling in line. The fact that Democrats may be co-opting this strategy should concern them most of all.
Dean Obeidallah, a lawyer, hosts "The Dean Obeidallah Show" on SiriusXM radio's Progress channel and is a columnist for The Daily Beast.
5 cool stats about Giancarlo Stanton's recent power surge
Giancarlo's record-setting home run was the latest in what has been an incredible power surge.
Stanton came into Monday's game against the Giants tied for the Marlins' franchise record for most home runs in a single season with 42. It didn't take Stanton long to break the tie. In the bottom of the first inning, they hit a two-run shot to left field for sole possession of first place. Take a look below.
Monday's home run is another during an impressive run Stanton has been on. Their recent power surge has produced some crazy and fun stats. Here are the five coolest we saw:
Giancarlo Stanton has 22 homers in last 34 games. Some perspective. Since July 5:
Stanton 22
Moustakas 10
Hosmer 8
Merrifield 7
Judge 7 — Joel Goldberg (@goldbergkc) August 15, 2017
No player in history has had more homers at younger and and in fewer games than Giancarlo Stanton (251). Albert Pujols had the exact same. — Ryan M. Spaeder (@theaceofspaeder) August 14, 2017
Giancarlo Stanton's current pace: 60 home runs and 127 RBI. #Marlins — Glenn Geffner (@GlennGeffner) August 14, 2017
Home runs since the All-Star Break: Entire Giants team 19
Giancarlo Stanton 17 — Patrick Pinak (@pinakk12) August 14, 2017
Stanton's recent output has also helped them gain ground on Barry Bonds on Major League Baseball's all-time list of at-bats per home run.
Giancarlo Stanton in elite company for career at-bats per home run (via @baseball_ref) pic.twitter.com/Vk6usVYpap — Larry Brown (@LBSports) August 15, 2017
There aren't many players who are appointment viewing when they step into the batter's box. Giancarlo Stanton is certainly one of them.
(Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat, via AP). FILE - In this April 17, 2012, photo, James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside of the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville, Ill. A government official says the suspect in the Virgini...
By DON BABWIN and JIM SALTERAssociated Press
BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) - The gunman who shot a top GOP member of congress and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and once frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind their Illinois house.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of an attacker with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called "Terminate the Republican Party," a fact that seemed to take on new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan, who said that as they were preparing to leave the baseball field, a man politely asked them whether it was a Democrat or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house. Their Facebook page shows that they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who last year made an unsuccessful presidential bid. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers show that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who lived in the community just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
"Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," they wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes."
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious offense. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge.
In April 2006, they were arrested on two counts of battery - one for striking a man in the face with a wood shotgun stock and another for punching a woman with their fist, as well as a count of unlawful damage to a motor vehicle for cutting the passenger seatbelt of the woman's car with a knife. According to the court clerk, the charges were dismissed in November of that year.
Though there are no other legal problems listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as March 24 of last year.
Bill Schaumleffel recalled that they heard loud shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into or on a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six shots at a time and, according to the report of the incident, fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" they said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
"I told the sheriff, 'I don't know what's the matter with that guy, but they can't be shooting like that,'" they said.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation involving the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about doing such shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
"He said, 'I understand,' and said they needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. "There was nothing we could arrest them for, and there was no indication they were mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
"The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt. We try to make sure people are reasonable when doing this."
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson as being "very cordial."
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said they were a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. They said Hodgkinson spent most of their life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Walsh said Hodgkinson never talked politics with them and did not seem prone to violence. But they said they were a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
"He was the type of person that if you challenged him, they wouldn't back off."
____
Babwin reported from Chicago. Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; John O'Connor in Springfield; and Jake Pearson in Washington also contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: kasapafmonline.com
2017-10-06
Former president John Mahama
The opposition NDC Greater Accra Regional Organizer, Anthony Nupkenu has launched a scathing attack on managers of government Communications under ex-President John Mahama's administration, accusing them of doing a terrible job at publicizing the achievements of that regime.
Describing them as “foolish”, Anthony Nukpenu claimed their poor performance led to a lot of governement achievement being hidden from the people, while the NPP is taking credit for a project, it knows nothing about.
Anthony Nukpenu raised these concerns while commenting on President Akufo Addo's apparent snub of President Mahama over their effort in initiating a project which is said to have been implemented under the former leader's regime.
The NDC has accused the President of showing bad faith and urged them to apologise to former president Mahama after they claimed that the Jambusie Water Project was initiated by President Kufour.
But the NPP insists the president was right for crediting Mr. Kufuor for the project as they initaited it.
Speaking to Host Akwasi Nsiah on Simiso on Kasapa FM Wednesday, Anthony Nikpenu commended the Upper West Regional Communications wing of the NDC for vehemently setting the records straight on the water projects.
“Many things were hidden from the people of Ghana and even we NDC members, so today, the NPP goes out there and make political meat out of NDC achievement and you see us the very people they relegated to the background coming to defend it. Today, the Upper West Regional Communications wing of the NDC who are making things clear, how were they treated when we were in government. Why is the likes of those guys not talking today, where are they?
“The foolishness they displayed in government has given the NPP the urge today to run after anything good that the finest President of the land [Mahama] did. Ex President Mahama entrusted these guys with positions to propagate the good works of their government, but these guys failed woefully.
“Till today, we still have tonnes of ‘Green Book' lying in peoples bedrooms and warehouse when these books were meant to be shared to Ghanaians, they were treating it like cocaine. They should chew the books now, this is the kind of foolish attitude put up by Ministers of state who is a ex President Mahama out of good heart and wisdom put them in positions…look today if Akufo Addo goes to Tema and commissions the Tema Housing Project, I'll not be surprised because this one of the projects that was finished, TDC had wanted the president to come and commission but people around the President refused when we did the programme to go and commission as part of our campaign tour. Those communication managers of the President refused to go, thinking that they were doing things to spite some of us.
“Today Akufo Addo will go and commission it and take credit. A project that was done under ex President Mahama's flight attendantship through the board of Directors they appointed. President Akufo Addo will make public noise about something they have no knowledge of because, we have people that when we were dealing with them, they thought they were gods, nonsense!”
SALT LAKE CITY — The window opened Friday for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to make requests or stake claims to lands that were cut from two sprawling Utah national monuments by President Trump in December –but there doesn't appear to be a rush to seize the opportunities.
For anyone interested in the uranium on the lands stripped from the Bears Ears National Monument, all they need to do is stake a few corner posts in the ground, pay a $212 initial fee and send paperwork to the federal government under a law first created in 1872 that harkens back to the days of the Wild West.
They can then keep rights to the hard minerals, including gold and silver, as long as they pay an annual fee of $155.
It was unclear if anyone was doing that Friday.
The Bureau of Land Management declined repeated requests for information about how they're handling the lands and how many requests and claims came in.
Steve Bloch, legal director of the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, said they were told by the BLM Friday afternoon that inquiries were made but no claims sent in.
They said other conservation groups that have sued to block the downsized monument boundaries are watching closely to ensure no lands are disturbed in the short-term, hoping a judge will side with them and return the monuments to the original boundaries.
Two of the largest uranium companies in the U.S. — Ur-Energy Inc. and Energy Fuels Resources Inc. — said they have no plans to mine there. The price of uranium, which has fallen to about $22 per pound — down from more than $100 in the mid-2000s — would “discourage any investment in new claims,” said Luke Popovich, a spokesperson for the National Mining Association.
Colorado-based Energy Fuels asked for a reduction of Bears Ears last year in a public comment, but spokesperson Curtis Moore said in a statement that the company has higher priorities elsewhere. They noted the lands were open to claims for 150 years prior to President Barack Obama creating the national monument in 2016.
“There probably isn't any land available for staking that would be of much interest to anyone,” Moore said.
In Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument — part of a major coal reserve that a company was preparing to mine before President Bill Clinton protected the lands in 1996 — has been made available again but it appears unlikely any company will immediately jump at the chance this time.
Out-of-state demand for Utah's coal had led to a drop in coal production to about 14 million tons in 2017, down from about 27 million tons in the mid-2000s, said Michael Vanden Berg, energy and mineral program manager at the Utah Geological Survey.
“If a new mine were to open, it would be competing with existing mines in Utah for limited demand,” Vanden Berg said.
Popovich called it “doubtful given market conditions and other factors” that companies interested in coal would put in a lease request.
Vanden Berg noted that a potential coal port in Oakland, California, could open up an Asian market and that technology could be developed to change market forces.
There's some potential for oil and gas at Grand Staircase, Vanden Berg said. But Kathleen Sgamma, president of an oil and gas industry group called Western Energy Alliance, said heavy oil shale in the area would require an intensive mining operation that doesn't make sense in today's market.
“There's no fracking trucks at the border waiting to rush in,” Sgamma said.
President Trump downsized the Bears Ears National Monument by about 85 per cent and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by nearly half. It earned them cheers from Republican leaders in Utah who lobbied them to undo protections by Democratic presidents that they considered overly broad.
Bears Ears, created nearly a year ago, will be reduced to 315 square miles (815.85 sq. kilometres). Grand Staircase-Escalante will be reduced from nearly 3,000 square miles (7770 sq. kilometres) to 1,569 square miles (4063.71 sq. kilometres).
Conservation groups called it the largest elimination of protected land in American history.
Bringing back smiles on the face of every citizen, the Under 19 Indian cricket team lifted the ICC U19 World Cup for the fourth time by beating Australia in Bay Oval, New Zealand. Celebrities like Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, VVS Laxman, Amitabh Bachchan and much more took to Twitter to congratulate the team on its win and to praise coach Rahul Dravid's hard work along with the rest of India.
Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 as India comfortably chased down the 217-run target set by Australia with eight wickets and 67 balls to spare to win the ICC under-19 cricket World Cup final at the Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui, Tauranga today. This is India's fourth Under-19 World Cup title, a tournament record. India's win in the final was set up by the bowlers, who restricted Australia to 216, with Ishan Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy bagging two wickets each. Jonathan Merlo top-scored for Australia with their 76-run knock. With the victory in the title clash, India has won all their matches in the tournament. Manjot Kalra was awarded Man of the Match after hitting a century.
This is the fourth win for the Indian U-19 after lifting the trophy in the 2012 world-cup. The team is currently captained by Prithvi Shaw and coached by former India cricketer Rahul Dravid. In 2000, they won it under the captaincy of Mohammad Kaif and in 2008, they won it under Virat Kohli‘s leadership and in 2012 under the captaincy of Unmukt Chand. In June 2016, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) decided that Indian players could only play in one under-19 World Cup tournament, regardless if they still meet the age criteria for another edition.
After the win today, people went crazy on Twitter celebrating the win against Australia. Cricketers like Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Yuzvendra Chahal along with other celebrities and common folks have come together to wish the team and coach Rahul Dravid on the spectacular win.
Every Indian is delighted, all credit to Rahul Dravid for committing themselves to these young kids ,and a legend like them deserves to lay their hands on the WC. Only Fitting. #INDvAUS — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) February 3, 2018
WITH GREAT TEAM WORK, BIG DREAMS WORK. Congratulations to our WORLD CHAMPIONS!! We are proud of you. A big congratulation to Rahul and Paras for their guidance. #ICCU19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/w0heorY8g6 — Sachin Tendulkar (@sachin_rt) February 3, 2018
T 2603 -YEEEAAAHHHHHHHH !! #INDIACHAMPIONS !! UNDER 19 WORLD CRICKET CHAMPIONS .. THE ONLY NATION TO HAVE WON 4 TIMES !! AMAZING ! Well done India U19 cricket , you have given us such pride and joy ! INDIA ! INDIA ! INDIA !🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 ..गूँज रहा है विश्व भर में !! pic.twitter.com/lyKFPTWZRc — Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) February 3, 2018
Congratulations to the Indian team on dominating the #U19WorldCup and being the deserved champions. Everyone stood up and maintained the intensity throughout the tournament. Truly memorable win. Cherish and soak in this moment. #INDvAUS — VVS Laxman (@VVSLaxman281) February 3, 2018
Three cheers for the Boys In Blue & Coach Rahul Dravid. Team consistently brilliant in winning matches.
#Under19WorldCup #U19CWC #INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/Z2bwOzV0lN — Vijender Singh (@boxervijender) February 3, 2018
CONGRATULATIONS U-19 team India for the #U19WorldCup Championship. Delight to watch some fresh talents… AMAAAAAZiiiiinG!! 😊 — Jeet (@jeet30) February 3, 2018
Wishing the India Under 19 boys all the very best for the final. You've already made us all proud. Bring the cup back homeboys #U19WorldCup #chakdeindia pic.twitter.com/oVKROou41a — Yuzvendra Chahal (@yuzi_chahal) February 2, 2018
Eagerly waiting for the Indian U19 team to lift the world cup…! Common boys make us all proud.😇 #U19WorldCup #INDvAUS — RJ Balaji (@RJ_Balaji) February 3, 2018
Like in this whole tour, India is looking under total control. Half way there 👏 Bring Home the Cup Boys 🤙🏆 #U19WorldCup #IndVsAus — Karun Nair (@karun126) February 3, 2018
India hammer Pakistan by 203 runs in #U19WorldCup cricket! What an exciting team we have. Final is against a team we have already beaten in the opening match of the tournament, Australia. But that was also the case in the Champions Trophy last year&we lost then: so no complacency — Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) January 30, 2018
India beat the pakistan again…
Congratulations U19 team India.. Wonderful performance #INDvPAK #U19WorldCup pic.twitter.com/fWx4SzRR7H — Indra Gohil (@indragohil) January 30, 2018
MOSCOW — Racist and anti-gay chants have become more common in Russian soccer as the country prepares to host the World Cup, even as overall incidents of discrimination declined.
Nineteen incidents of abusive chants were recorded this season, according to an annual report from the anti-discrimination Fare Network and the Moscow-based Sova Center released Wednesday. That compares to two cases the season before, and 10 the year before that.
Victims included players from the French national team, who were targeted with monkey chants during a game against Russia in March, and Liverpool youth player Bobby Adekanye, who was racially abused by Spartak Moscow supporters.
Russian national team goalkeeper Guilherme Marinato, a naturalized citizen who was born in Brazil, was twice targeted by Spartak fans calling them a monkey.
In another case, a regional governor told local media that the club their administration funds in the city of Vladivostok would not sign any black players.
Last month, Nigeria defender Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in Russia, told The Associated Press that some fans in the country viewed racist abuse as a tactic to distract opposing players, rather than as a statement of ideology.
"I think most of them do that to put pressure on a player psychologically, maybe so they don't want to keep playing," they said. "It could just be because someone finds it funny."
In this photo taken on Thursday, April 19, 2018, Bryan Idowu Russian team Amkar Perm speaks during an interview for the Associated Press in Moscow, Russia. Russia is struggling to tackle soccer racism before it hosts the World Cup. Nigeria player Bryan Idowu, who was born and raised in St. Petersburg, says they have faced racism on the streets and on the field in Russia, but that the situation is slowly changing for the better. Pavel Golovkin / AP
Overall, cases of discrimination in Russian soccer fell to 80, the lowest since the 2013-14 season, according to Fare.
Fare executive director Piara Powar said there is also a growing shift by far-right fan groups to racist chants because visual displays like banners are more easily tracked by surveillance cameras in stadiums.
"Some of their clubs have got their procedures in place for dealing with things that are very obvious, for bringing down banners," Powar said. "That leaves people able or free to chant things and that's a far more difficult thing to police."
There was a fall in the number of discriminatory banners and other visual displays, down from 75 to 52.
More blatant extremist symbols and racist slogans have largely disappeared from stadiums in recent years, often replaced with coded messages using Viking runes and other symbols with significance on the Russian far right.
In one notable case, Zenit St. Petersburg fans hailed convicted war criminal Ratko Mladic as a hero with a banner unfurled at a Europa League game in November. That attracted a fine and partial stadium closure order from UEFA, European soccer's governing body.
The Fare Network, which helps FIFA and UEFA investigate racism cases, is planning to open two "Diversity Houses" in Moscow and St. Petersburg during the World Cup, where issues of discrimination in sports will be discussed.
"It's a celebration of diversity," Powar said. "It showcases the rise of ethnic-minority players across the continent and looks at the growth of women's football, looks as issues associated with Russian football."
Fare is also issuing a guide to Russia for visiting fans and operating a helpline for fans from minority groups to report harassment or attacks.
The organization urges fans from minority groups to travel to the World Cup but recommends caution in unfamiliar surroundings and awareness of issues such as racial profiling by Russian police.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
HARRISBURG, Pa. — A panel of federal judges on Monday dismissed a legal challenge by Republican members of congress to a district map imposed last month by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
The decision does not end litigation over the matter, but it makes it much more likely that this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania will be conducted under district lines widely viewed as more favourable to Democrats than a 2011 map the state court threw out in January.
The earlier map has been a campaign winner for Republicans, leading them to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
The three-judge panel issued its decision with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot. It said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
“The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution,” the judges wrote. “These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do.”
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
Monday's decision comes in a federal case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican members of congress and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that “inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly.” The eight Republican members of congress, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
“The cost of shifting district boundaries — in terms of both campaign funding and constituent fealty — is surely appreciable,” the judges wrote. “But the federal congressional plaintiffs have identified no legal principle tethering that cost to a legally cognizable interest in the composition of their electoral districts under the Elections Clause.”
In a separate case , two senior Republicans in the state Legislature who were on the losing end of the state Supreme Court decision have a pending request before the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a stay, which would result in the use of the 2011 map for this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania. They want the new map put on hold while they pursue an appeal to the nation's highest court.
A ruling on that request could come at any time.
A group of 18 Democratic voters sued in state court last year to challenge the 2011 map, a case the state Supreme Court put on a fast track before throwing out the former district lines.
All five Democrats on the state Supreme Court said the map violated the state constitution, but one of the Democrats joined both Republicans in objecting to the majority's determination to enact a new map for this year's races.
More than two dozen candidates had filed petition paperwork by mid-day Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the primary ballot is Tuesday.
The countdown to the 2018 Masters has officially begun, and according to Las Vegas, Jordan Spieth will once again be the man to beat next spring.
Hours after Justin Thomas lifted the Wanamaker Trophy at Quail Hollow Club, the Westgate Las Vegas Superbook published betting odds for the Masters, which kicks off in a mere 234 days. While odds are sure to shift in the coming months, Spieth starts out as a 7/1 favorite, followed closely by Dustin Johnson (8/1) and Rory McIlroy (10/1).
Defending champ Sergio Garcia is among a quartet of players at 30/1, while four-time Masters champ Tiger Woods headlines the group listed at 100/1. Woods has not played competitively since withdrawing from the Omega Dubai Desert Classic in February, and they have played the Masters only once since 2013.
Here's a look at the betting odds for several of the contenders:
7/1: Jordan Spieth
8/1: Dustin Johnson
10/1: Rory McIlroy
15/1: Hideki Matsuyama, Rickie Fowler, Jason Day
20/1: Jon Rahm, Justin Rose
25/1: Justin Thomas, Brooks Koepka
30/1: Sergio Garcia, Phil Mickelson, Adam Scott, Paul Casey
40/1: Bubba Watson, Henrik Stenson, Thomas Pieters
50/1: Matt Kuchar, Louis Oosthuizen
60/1: Charl Schwartzel, Patrick Reed, Brandt Snedeker, Daniel Berger, Tommy Fleetwood, Lee Westwood
80/1: Kevin Kisner, Marc Leishman
100/1: Tiger Woods, Alex Noren, Branden Grace, J.B. Holmes, Russell Henley, Rafael Cabrera Bello, Martin Kaymer, Jimmy Walker, Ryan Moore, Matthew Fitzpatrick, Bill Haas, Kevin Chappell, Zach Johnson, Gary Woodland, Charley Hoffman, Tony Finau, Ian Poulter, Francesco Molinari, Bryson DeChambeau, Xander Schauffele
125/1: Jason Dufner, Brian Harman
150/1: Danny Willett, Shane Lowry, Emiliano Grillo, Tyrrell Hatton, Adam Hadwin, Si Woo Kim, Patrick Cantlay, Bud Cauley, Billy Horschel, Bernd Wiesberger, Russell Knox, Brendan Steele, Kevin Na, Pat Perez
Long Beach City College trustee Jeff Kellogg happened to be in the neighborhood Monday night, so they swung by the White House to pay a visit to their brother, Keith, who had just been appointed as interim national security adviser to the Trump administration.
There might have been a better time to visit. Retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg's appointment came shortly after the resignation of Gen. Michael Flynn and at the same time President Donald Trump was hosting Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
“I thought people would be rushing around. I thought it would be a mad house,” said Jeff Kellogg. “But (what) you notice right away is calm professionalism everywhere. Everyone just does their job. Everyone I saw said, ‘We have to tell you how much we respect and admire your brother.' ”
The brothers, a decade apart in age,dined at the Navy Mess at the White House — the first time for both of them. “Then we went outside to grab some fresh air,” said Jeff Kellogg. “We walked over near the Rose Garden outside the Oval Office and I turned to Keith and said, ‘Can you believe this? We're here at the White House! And they looked at me and said, ‘The day you don't get a special feeling looking at the White House and working at the White House is the day you walk away. Every day I feel so honored to be here.'
“He didn't have to sell me, they were just saying what they feel,” said Jeff Kellogg, who was in Washington for an Association of Community College Trustees legislative conference.
Keith Kellogg, now 72, will serve as acting national security adviser for the Trump administration until a successor — possibly themselves — is named to succeed Michael Flynn, who resigned Monday, following reports that they had misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their discussions with Russia prior to Trump's Jan. 20 inauguration.
The president is also reported to be considering Robert Harward, a former Navy SEAL who rose to the rank of vice admiral and served as deputy commander of the United States Central Command under Gen. James Mattis, now defense secretary, as well as former four-star general and CIA chief David Petraeus. Petraeus received widespread acclaim for their leadership during the Iraq War but had to leave the CIA in 2012 after revealing classified information to a biographer with whom they had an affair.
Kellogg was among retired flag officers who endorsed Trump during their campaign against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and repeatedly spoke in favor of now-President Trump in public appearances.
“We believe he's got the temperament, the leadership, the qualities we want in a commander in chief,” Kellogg said during an Oct. 24 interview on Trending Today USA, a talk radio show.
“He listens, and then they make a hard decision, and then they commit to accomplishing the mission going forward,” Kellogg also said of the future president during that interview.
LONG BEACH ROOTS
Born in Dayton, Ohio, Kellogg and their three siblings grew up in Long Beach with parents Joseph and Helen Costello Kellogg. The elder Kellogg worked in the oil business and was an early/founding member of The Petroleum Club. The Kellogg siblings ­— Michael,Kathie and Jeff — have all achieved high levels of success in different fields.
Michael played professional football for the Denver Broncos, taught public school in Torrance before going into law. They now serves as a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge. Kathie is a clinical psychiatrist and Jeff is a former Long Beach city councilman and current trustee for the Long Beach Community College District.
Keith Kellogg graduated from Long Beach Polytechnic High School, where they played football and was an all-CIF track athlete, in 1962.
“I just remember they were a very upright guy, very popular. We all liked him, but I didn't hear from them after they went off to college,” classmate Jim Pitbaldo said.
At Poly, Kellogg was in Comus, a fraternity for “cool guys,” according to Ralph Hetzel, Class of 1961.
Kellogg continued their studies at Santa Clara University, where they played football and joined the Army ROTC. They graduated in 1966 and earned a second lieutenant's commission in 1967 before going to Vietnam.
They earned their first Silver Star during the early months of their deployment after an engagement in which they pulled a wounded comrade away from the shooting before assaulting an enemy bunker system while armed with a machine gun and grenades.
“I'd been in Vietnam for two months,” they said in a 1969 news report after returning stateside to command a basic training company at Fort Lewis, Washington. “I began to wonder if I'd make it through a year.”
Kellogg later earned a second Silver Star, Bronze Star and South Vietnam's Vietnam Gallantry Cross for their actions during additional fighting near the Bien Hoa Air Base where they and their compatriots were at one point down to their final magazine of ammunition while having only 10 yards of earth between themselves and their enemies.
During yet another incident, Kellogg accompanied a major general on board a helicopter that landed under fire, resulting in the general sustaining a wound. Kellogg, armed with an M-60 machine gun, followed orders to pursue Viet Cong fighters in the area before U.S. commanders pressed the attack with artillery and troops. This action resulted in Kellogg earning the Air Medal and Distinguished Service Cross.
“After you've read about what he's done, you're glad you didn't know about it originally,” their mother said in 1969.
LATER CAREER
Kellogg returned to Southeast Asia in the role of a Special Forces adviser to the Cambodian Army, according to the Fayetteville Observer's coverage of theirs taking command of the 82nd Airborne Division at in November 1996 at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. They had also served during Operation: Just Cause, the 1989-90 invasion of Panama and as the 82nd's chief of staff during the Persian Gulf War.
Kellogg retired from the military in June 2003, after working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff in a position where they were “an outspoken information technology advocate,” according to FCW, a publication for technology professionals in the federal government. They joined Oracle Corp. shortly after their retirement before serving as chief operating officer of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq, the interim governing body following the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003.
Their private sector experience also includes time with CACI International, a contractor for defense, intelligence and homeland security agencies and Cubic Corp., which develops military training and communications systems.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Barack Obama began preparing to leave office, the first smartphone-toting U.S. president ordered their team to upgrade the White House's aging technology for their successor. New computers were purchased and faster internet was installed.
Not included in the modernization plans? A courier service.
But that delivery method of a bygone era may be in for a comeback under Donald Trump. Despite their voracious use of Twitter, the president-elect appears to be leaning toward old tech to ensure the security of sensitive messages.
“It's very important, if you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe,” Trump told reporters Saturday in response to questions about Russia's alleged hacking of Democrats during the presidential election. Trump, who doesn't email or surf the internet, said days earlier that computers “have complicated lives very greatly.”
Trump's skepticism of some technology marks a sharp contrast from the president he'll replace on Jan. 20. Obama, who was a youthful 47 years old when they took office, carries a specially outfitted Blackberry, emails with a small number of friends and aides, and has received some of their daily security briefings on an iPad. They celebrated technological innovations at an annual science fair, created the job of chief technology officer in the White House and viewed technology as key to making the sprawling federal government more efficient and responsive to the public.
A much less frequent Twitter user than Trump, Obama let loose Sunday with a volley of tweets highlighting some of their accomplishments as president: boosting clean energy, bringing troops home, delivering “the longest streak of job growth in our history,” passing a law to make health care affordable, reducing dependence on foreign oil and working “to reaffirm that all are created equal.”
But technology has also been a burden for Obama. Online sign-ups for their health care law were crippled by massive technical issues, resulting in one of the most embarrassing episodes of their presidency. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden stole classified information that they leaked to journalists, revealing the Obama administration's bulk collection of millions of Americans' phone records, as well as U.S. spying on some friendly foreign leaders.
Trump, 70, rarely uses a computer and sifts through stacks of newspapers, magazines and printed articles to read the news. They panned candidates' reliance on data and technology in presidential campaigns, preferring to make decisions in part based on the reaction from audiences at their rallies. While Trump's tweetstorms are already legendary, they utter some of their messages out loud and leaves the actual typing to aides.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said they expect Trump to continue using Twitter and other social media sites as president, casting it as an effective way to communicate with Americans.
“Absolutely, you're going to see Twitter,” Spicer said Sunday on ABC's “This Week.” ”I think it freaks the mainstream media out — that they have this following of 45-plus million people that follow them on social media” and they “can have a direct conversation” with them.
Trump has shown some interest in technology since winning the White House. Billionaire tech investor Peter Thiel has been working with Trump's transition team and could serve as an adviser to the administration. Trump met with several Silicon Valley executives last month, telling them their administration was “here to help you folks do well.”
As Trump heads into the White House, some of the biggest questions surrounding their relationship with technology will involve security. U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee and a top aide to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton during the election, exposing the vulnerabilities of systems in Washington. Revelations that Clinton used a personal email and private internet server during their four years as Obama's secretary of state highlighted the lax practices that exist in government.
As a candidate, Trump called for an immediate review of U.S. cyber defenses and vulnerabilities, though they have not detailed specific steps they plan to take to bolster cybersecurity and has not publicly accepted the intelligence community's conclusion that Russia was behind the election year hacking. Nor has Trump outlined any changes in the way they expect the White House to use technology for day-to-day work.
Bruce Schneier, a technology security expert, said Trump was right to question the safeguards that exist for protecting their own communications as president.
“If the Russian spies want to get at their data, no computer is probably safe,” said Schneier, a fellow at Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government. “Everything is vulnerable.”
Of course, the courier system Trump suggests is hardly foolproof, either. After the U.S. killed 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden, administration officials said they had gleaned crucial information on their whereabouts by tracking the al-Qaida leader's courier.
Willie Mullins is throwing their four best staying chasers at the Coral Punchestown Gold Cup in an effort to claim a large share of the €250,000 purse.
Total Recall, Killultagh Vic and last year's runner-up Djakadam all ran in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, while Bellshill made a bold bid in the Irish National, being beaten just a length.
Since Cheltenham, Total Recall was sent off favourite for the Aintree Grand National but an early error put them on the back foot and they never threatened to get involved.
Assistant trainer Patrick Mullins said: "Total Recall made an early mistake or two and after that it knocked their confidence and Paul (Townend) wasn't hard on him, so it didn't take much out of him.
"The worry is that sometimes horses come back from Aintree and can jump a bit careful, but he's schooled well.
"Punchestown should be easier for Killultagh Vic to get into a rhythm. They definitely have the ability and if they do get into a rhythm, they must have a huge chance.
"Bellshill has a huge engine. You don't know how much of a mark Fairyhouse might have left, but at home we can't see one and we're expecting a big run."
Mullins jnr maintains their partnership with Djakadam, whom they partnered into fifth at Cheltenham.
They said: "I got a great spin off Djakadam in the Gold Cup.
Outlander after their Down Royal success
"A lot of those who finished in front of them at Cheltenham aren't here, so that gives them a good chance."
Mullins' big rival Gordon Elliott fields the enigmatic Outlander, who has been pulled up on their last two starts but did win a Grade One earlier in the season.
"He's won another Grade One for us this season at Down Royal and was only beaten a neck at Leopardstown in February and three lengths there at Christmas, so he's a great little horse," said Elliott.
"If the ground doesn't dry up too much, hopefully he'll be there or thereabouts."
Noel Meade is hoping to gatecrash the party with Road To Respect, who ran a fine race to finish fourth at Cheltenham.
"I think if we get reasonably good ground it's going to be a big help to him," Meade told At The Races.
"He's had an easy enough and light enough season, so hopefully that will be to their advantage."
Edwulf (r) going on to win the Irish Gold Cup
Joseph O'Brien's Edwulf is another who has won a Grade One this season, but they could manage only eighth in the Gold Cup.
O'Brien said: "We'd love a drop of rain, as they handle a bit of juice.
"He's a course and distance winner and while they were a little bit disappointing at Cheltenham, he's come out of it very well.
"We expected better at Cheltenham, but the first two sat first and second all the way and dictated the race."
Sub Lieutenant would need to bounce back to their best to get involved, having finished fifth in the Betway Bowl at Aintree.
"He appears in good form, but obviously they have only just come back from Aintree," said trainer Henry de Bromhead.
"I thought they ran well at Aintree. They got a bit lost at halfway, then stayed on well again."
Sizing Granite
The sole British challenger is Colin Tizzard's Sizing Granite, third in the Melling Chase at Aintree.
Assistant trainer Joe Tizzard said: "He ran a big race at Aintree and is a horse that comes right with a bit of sun on their back.
"He is a Grade One winner already over two miles and ran really well at Punchestown last year.
"He is certainly worth a go over three miles, whether they are good enough to beat them, I don't know."
Follow the Punchestown Festival via our live blog on RTÉ.ie and the News Now App, or watch Robert Hall and Ted Walsh present live coverage on RTÉ2 from 4pm.
Lagos: Banks ATM Dry Up In Liquidity Crunch
Many bank customers were left stranded during holiday period as Automated Teller Machines of banks ran out of cash in most parts of Lagos. ATMs of most of the banks visited by Leadership in some parts of Lagos were not dispensing cash as at yesterday and customers were advised to make use of other ATMs or use electronic channels.
However, the electronic channels of some of the banks also had challenges as transfers took longer period to be effected while some customers complained that they have not been able to do transfer.
A customer of a top tier bank told Leadership that they had made a transfer on Friday morning their account debited but the recipient was yet to be credited as at yesterday. “They said we should go cashless, and I made transfer but it did not go, now I don't have enough to pay the person because my account has been debited and I have to wait till Tuesday to complain,” the customer who declined to give their name said.
Also a customer of another top tier bank said “I don't trust all these electronic channels not to hang in this period. Moreover I need cash to buy things and I still cannot even get it from the ATM.” Liquidity had dried up in the banking sector last week after banks participated in the bond auction of the Debt Management Office as well as dollar sales earlier in the week.
Overnight lending rates at the interbank market had risen to over 300 per cent last week and banks were not able to buy dollar off the Central Bank of Nigeria at the second dollar sales held by the apex bank.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In case you were in doubt about the fact that Recording Academy members don't always make the best choices, consider that David Bowie had never won a musical award at the Grammys until the year following their death. Their past laudations have been for a music video (1985's “Jazzin' for Blue Jean” clip), a Lifetime Achievement in 2006, and a Hall of Fame award for their formative 1972 album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust.
This year, however, not only did Bowie win awards for contemporary musical achievements, they won every category in which they were nominated: Best Alternative Rock Album, Best Engineered Album (Non-Classical), and Best Recording Package for Blackstar, and Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song for the album's title track.
People were mad that The Chainsmokers accepted Bowie's Best Rock Song award for him. But, after doing the unthinkable and actually giving Bowie five awards, the Academy had to figure out a way to Grammy it up somehow.
The hammer wielded by Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman are among the pieces of movie memorabilia set to be sold at auction.
The purple suit and white mask with green hair and the huge hammer are expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000 each when they are sold at Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction on September 26, which features pieces of film history collectively worth between £2 million and £3 million.
Thor's hammer (Prop Store) More
The helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to fetch between £30,000 and £50,000 while the helmet and tunic worn by Ian McKellen to play Magneto in the 2000's X-Men is expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000.
Star Lord's helmet (Prop Store) More
The tunic worn by Christopher Reeve in Superman IV: The Quest For Peace in 1987 is expected to sell for more than £8,000 while the Catwoman costume worn by Julie Newmar in the Batman TV series between 1966 and 1969 is poised to fetch more than £15,000.
Superman's tunic (Prop Store) More
Film fans will be able to see 300 of the lots when they go on display at the BFI IMAX in London on September 7.
Stephen Lane, CEO of Prop Store, said: “We all love a good superhero and we're thrilled to be featuring such super props and costumes in our upcoming auction.
The Joker (Prop Store) More
Read More
Herdsmen: Fani-Kayode reacts to killing of Rev Fathers, 17 others in Benue
Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Tuesday reacted to the killings of two Reverend Fathers, 19 others in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State by suspected herdsmen. DAILY POST reports that Rev Fathers, Gor Joseph and Felix were on Tuesday killed after suspected herdsmen attacked the village. Reacting through their Twitter handle, Fani-Kayode […]
Herdsmen: Fani-Kayode reacts to killing of Rev Fathers, 17 others in Benue
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The Arkansas Supreme Court has halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night, putting another legal roadblock in place in Arkansas' plan to conduct eight executions before the end of April.
Justices granted the stays Monday afternoon for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments in that case April 24.
Related: Arkansas Judge Barred from Ruling on Executions After Showing Up at Protest
The inmates' attorneys say they were denied access to independent mental health experts. They've argued that Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Related: Arkansas Executions: First Two Men Scheduled to Die Push for Delay
Arkansas' supply of one key execution drug expires April 30. A federal judge has also stayed the executions on different grounds, and the state has appealed that ruling.
Search warrants from the investigation into Prince's overdose death were released on Monday, revealing that prescription medications were found all over their house — including some in the name of a confidant who claimed they didn't know the singer was addicted to pain pills.
The court documents detail investigators' efforts to obtain cellphone and Internet records after Prince was found dead April 21 at their Paisley Park estate in Minnesota.
Prince performs during day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival held at the Empire Polo Field on April 26, 2008 in Indio, Calif. Kevin Winter / Getty Images, file
An autopsy determined they died of a fentanyl overdose, but the documents do not indicate if authorities have pinpointed the source of the killer dose of the synthetic opioid. No one has been charged with a crime in connection with Prince's death.
The warrants say that controlled substances were found in different parts of the Paisley Park complex, often in vitamin bottles. Some were in a suitcase labeled with a Prince alias, Peter Bravestrong, along with a page of handwritten lyrics to the 1987 hit "U Got the Look."
Several medications were prescribed to Prince under the name of Kirk Johnson, their longtime bodyguard, assistant and personal friend, the warrants show.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prince Died of Painkiller Overdose, Medical Examiner Says 2:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Prince's physician, Dr. Michael Schulenberg, issued a prescription for the pain killer oxycodone on April 16, 2016 — the same day that the singer's plane had to make a post-concert emergency landing when they "passed out" while aboard after taking pain pills.
Schulenberg told investigators they put it in Johnson's name "for Prince's privacy," one warrant says. An attorney for the doctor, however, said in a statement that they "never directly prescribed opioids to Prince, nor did they ever prescribe opioids to any other person with the intent that they would be given to Prince."
In the suitcase next to Prince's bed, detectives found at least two bottles with pills prescribed by Schulenberg under Johnson's name on April 7: the anti-nausea drug ondansetron hydrochloride in a vitamin D bottle, and the painkiller Percocet in a bottle labeled ondansetron.
The day before Prince's death, Schulenberg prescribed three drugs for him: clonidine, which is used to treat high blood pressure and attention deficit disorder, and the anti-anxiety agents Valium and hydroxyzine pamoate. Johnson picked them up from the pharmacy and claimed it was the "first time they had ever done something like that for Prince."
Johnson told investigators they were "unaware Prince was addicted to pain medication." But a representative of the rehab Recovery Without Walls told detectives that Johnson had contacted them because the star was struggling with opiate use.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Prince's Paisley Park: Al Roker gets first look inside 'untouched' museum 4:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Andrew Kornfeld, the son of the rehab's owner, was at Paisley Park when Prince's body was found. They admitted to detectives that they were carrying pills for which they did not have a prescription — chiefly buprenorphine, which is used to treat addiction — but said they would not have given them to Prince without a doctor's authorization.
The warrants sought access to Prince's computer as well as to cellphone records for any devices in use around Paisley Park immediately before and after the singer's death.
The detective noted that "interviews with those who were at Paisley Park the morning Prince was found deceased have provided inconsistent and, at times, contradictory statements."
An attorney for Johnson said in a statement that the documents unsealed Monday show "it is clear that Kirk Johnson did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death," but did not address any of the other medications found.
Schulenberg's lawyer said they had fully cooperated with the investigation and is a "caring and responsible physician."
Among the other revelations in the warrants:
Prince stopped using a cellphone after being hacked, depending on email and a landline.
They were in a romantic relationship with singer-songwriter Judith Glory Hill from 2014 until their death.
TORONTO — Thousands of fans have gathered at Nathan Phillips Square to celebrate Toronto FC's first MLS Cup title.
Fans chanted the name of team captain “Michael Bradley” as Larry Tanenbaum, chairperson of Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment, addressed the crowd.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Led by captain Michael Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
Chinese workers evicted in massive housing crackdown
A city-wide eviction order following a deadly fire has left tens of thousands of rural migrant workers who came to Beijing homeless. As they scramble to find somewhere to live, they are left to demolish their own settlements.
Residents of Loiza, a poor but vibrant beach town devastated by Hurricane Maria, are desperately trying to rebuild what's left of the area on the northeast coast of Puerto Rico, approximately 20 minutes from San Juan.
In the storm's wake, nearly all of Puerto Rico's citizens are urgently trying to find the crucial resources — food, clean water, gas, and medical services — they need to survive. But small towns like Loiza face especially dire circumstances.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Elderly Stroke Survivor Gets Medical Support After a Month 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“They need everything,” said Dr. John Torres, emergency medicine doctor and NBC News medical correspondent, who has been in Puerto Rico since Friday. “Food, gas, medicine, volunteers, Wi-Fi service to contact their family members … they need all the basic necessities.”
Torres traveled to Loiza with Project Hope, a Virginia-based non-profit disaster relief organization that responds to disasters and emergency heath crises around the world. The team, consisting of eight medical and community health experts, is providing medicine, supplies, and equipment to those they say need it most.
Related: How to Help Victims of Hurricane Maria
The team was providing hope for patients like Isabelino Aponte Rivera, 70, who recently had a stroke and suffers from high blood pressure, one of thousands awaiting care. Rivera was stranded in their home after the storm and this is the first medical care he's received in a month.
“We don't want these chronic conditions to become medical emergencies when left untreated,” said Dr. Michael Millin, associate professor in emergency medicine at Johns Hopkins and medical officer with the disaster medical assistance team (DMAT).
Project Hope nurse practitioner, Nicole Merrill, takes the blood pressure of Isabelino Aponte Rivera, 70, a Loiza, Puerto Rico native who has not received medical care in a month after Hurricane Maria left them stranded at their house. They recently suffered a stroke and suffers from high blood pressure. Lauren Dunn
Medical care is a major problem on much of the island, but organizations like Project Hope are delivering what medical resources they can to the hardest hit places like Loiza.
Loiza is home to Puerto Rico's largest culturally Afro-Caribbean community — 65 percent of the residents identify themselves as black according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
“La Capital de la Tradicion” — The Capital of Traditions, as the city's residents call it — is unlike any other part of the island of Puerto Rico. It has a distinct and rich African-influenced culture, cuisine, dance and music. Nearly half of the 30,060 residents live below the poverty line, but remain resilient despite being hit with two hurricanes, Irma and Maria, in the past month.
'Things are pretty bad'
Residents wait in long lines for gas to power generators and are repairing roofs that have been damaged by Maria. Project Hope was caring for patients suffering strokes, severe asthma and heart conditions, and providing electricity to power breathing machines. But resources are scarce.
“One of the most important things we can do is to let the people know that we care about them. It's not as much about the actual medicine, it's demonstrating the most amount of good we are doing.”
“We need organizations to come in and help right now,” said Torres. “Things are pretty bad.”
The governor, mayor, and volunteer organizations on the ground, frustrated by the slow delivery of life-saving supplies, are still preaching patience while the 3.4 million U.S. citizens affected by the storm anxiously await assistance.
“Time is prime. Patience is prime because we don't want to have a disaster within a disaster, which is what happens,” said Dr. Charlie Gomez, emergency room medical director at the Puerto Rico Medical Center, the island's largest public hospital and one of the only medical facilities with power. "You start looting stores and killing people for your basic needs and that's what we don't need."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Man Connects Puerto Rico's Hurricane Victims With Loved Ones 2:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Many of the most vulnerable patients — the elderly, pregnant mothers, and young children — are trekking to these hospitals, in need of help against dehydration, infectious diseases and malnutrition. The hospital workers are helping with much more than medicine.
Related: Hurricane Maria Leaves Puerto Rico Facing Months Without Power
“One of the most important things we can do is to let the people know that we care about them," said Millin. "It's demonstrating the most amount of good we are doing. There's a lot of triaging to making sure we put the resources in the right places."
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston, South Carolina.
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas, Micah Davis and Rob Windsor.
Earendil moved into the lead after a long, intense battle with Amhas. The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly, allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore.
The second stage of three-stage race, to Portland, Maine, begins Saturday. The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s.
0:51 "We all remember having really great Christmases," Middle Georgia Layaway Santa says Pause
6:19 Shaq surprises kids after police video goes viral
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — U.S. wildlife managers failed to adopt a recovery plan for the endangered Mexican gray wolf that would protect against illegal killings and the consequences of inbreeding, according to a lawsuit filed Tuesday by environmentalists.
A coalition of environmental groups filed the complaint in federal court in Arizona, marking the latest challenge in a decades-long battle over efforts to re-establish the predator in its historic range in the American Southwest and northern Mexico.
The lawsuit alleges the plan adopted by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service set inadequate population goals for the wolves, cut off access to vital habitat in other parts of the West and failed to respond to mounting genetic threats.
In approving the recovery plan, federal authorities acknowledged that majority of documented mortalities in the United States are human-caused
"Mexican wolves urgently need more room to roam, protection from killing and more releases of wolves into the wild to improve genetic diversity, but the Mexican wolf recovery plan provides none of these things," said Earthjustice attorney Elizabeth Forsyth, who is representing the groups. "The wolves will face an ongoing threat to their survival unless major changes are made."
Federal officials did not immediately respond Tuesday to emailed messages seeking comment about the lawsuit but have previously defended the plan, which was adopted in November after decades of legal wrangling and political battles.
The majority of documented Mexican gray wolf deaths in the U.S. are human-caused, and officials said in the recovery plan that reducing mortalities from illegal shootings and vehicle collisions may "provide our best opportunity to improve population performance and speed the time to recovery."
Investigations of illegal shootings over the years have not produced suspects, but federal authorities offer a $10,000 reward for information leading to the apprehension of individuals responsible for illegal Mexican wolf killings. Other groups have donated more money, meaning tipsters could get as much as $58,000 depending on the information they provide.
Under the plan, management of the wolves would eventually revert to state wildlife agencies in New Mexico and Arizona but not until the population averages 320 wolves over an eight-year period. In each of the last three years, the population would have to exceed the average to ensure the species doesn't backslide.
Officials with the wolf recovery team are currently surveying the population to get an updated count. Last year, the survey found at least 113 wolves in the wild in mountainous areas along the Arizona-New Mexico border.
Environmentalists have pressed for years for more captive wolves to be released into the wild. Ranchers and elected officials in rural communities argue against doing so, citing wolf attacks on livestock.
According to the lawsuit, the Mexican gray wolf is one of the most genetically and ecologically distinct lineages of wolves in the Western Hemisphere.
After extermination campaigns on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border decades ago, the last known wild Mexican gray wolf in the United States was killed in 1970, officials have said.
Seven wolves formed the stock for a captive breeding program. Five had been captured in Mexico between 1977 and 1980 and the other two were already in captivity.
The reintroduction effort began in 1998 with the release of 11 captive-bred wolves.
The friend accused of supplying the guns used in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, has agreed to plead guilty to federal charges, prosecutors said Tuesday.
Enrique Marquez Jr. is scheduled to plead guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court in Riverside to providing material support and resources to terrorists and making false statements, the U.S. attorney's office for Central California said. They face a maximum of 25 years in prison.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed December 2015: Friend of San Bernardino Gunman Charged With Plotting Terrorist Attacks 3:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"This defendant collaborated with and purchased weapons for a man who carried out the devastating December 2, 2015 terrorist attack that took the lives of 14 innocent people, wounded nearly two dozen, and impacted our entire nation," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said in a statement.
Related: Wife in Sham Marriage to San Bernardino Shooter's Friend Pleads Guilty
Marquez acted as a "straw buyer" to get the DPMS model A-15 and the Smith & Wesson M&P-15 Sport rifles used in the attack, which was carried out by Syed Rizwan Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik.
Prosecutors said that as part of the plea deal, Marquez admitted to plotting with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to carry out attacks on Riverside City College and traffic on California Route 91. The attacks were never carried out.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed December 2015: Warning Signs About San Bernardino Shooters May Have Been Missed 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Marquez did not participate in the attack on the San Bernardino Inland Regional Center, which was holding a holiday luncheon and training session for workers of the county health department where Farook worked. Nothing in the criminal case filed against Marquez alleged that they knew about the attack.
Farook was born in the United States, and Malik, a Pakistan national, entered the United States through a visa program for foreigners engaged to U.S. citizens.
Spring's the Thing
Die-hard skiers know that parts of the west get the most snow in April - after the poseurs have returned to the links. That means wide-open slopes and varying warm-cold conditions for which there is lots of new gear. By PAUL HOCHMAN.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Love is in the air today — so much so, that some decided to walk into a Youngstown church and get married.
The Chapel of Friendly Bells at Trinity Methodist Church held its walk-in weddings on Valentine's Day, charging $50 per couple to go toward a good cause.
The money will benefit the church's Good Shepherd Kitchen, a soup kitchen that opens twice a month. There was no profit for church staff on Tuesday.
“Today is Valentine's Day so we are celebrating the love that God has given to us to share,” Pastor Kelsey Orosan said. “Not everybody is always able to afford the wedding of their dreams or a wedding in a church like this, so today we can provide that for everybody.”
A total of seven weddings took place by 2 p.m. with more scheduled into the evening.
“We have someone who is moving out of state for a new job and they just wanted to go as husband and wife,” Orosan said. “It's really exciting to learn each individual story and just to see their love story played out here today.”
Leslie and Milton Sgage came all the way from Columbus to take advantage of the ceremony for a good cause. Leslie saw information about the walk-in weddings on Facebook, and the couple decided to celebrate their fifth year of marriage by renewing their vows in the chapel.
“Five in God's numerical system means faith, truth, trust in Jesus, and we just wanted to confirm that,” Leslie said. “It was awesome, it was awesome. The pastor that married us, I loved the vows.”
Orosan said the spontaneous weddings come with a commitment to God, along with a commitment to their new spouse.
“We ask that every couple that comes forward has thought through it. It's their intention to keep a lifelong vow. So there are those people that just chose this day as their special day, I don't know if there is a disadvantage to that.”
The ceremonies were non-denominational, showing that love truly is universal.
The newlyweds enjoyed refreshments in the reception room afterward and were even given a gift.
PERTH, Australia (AP) Roger Federer returned from six months on the sidelines with a knee injury to beat Dan Evans 6-3, 6-4 on Monday and lead Switzerland to an opening win over Britain at the Hopman Cup mixed teams tournament.
The 17-time major winner missed the French Open last year, ending a run of 65 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, and hadn't played competitively since re-injuring their surgically repaired left knee at Wimbledon in July. But they showed no signs of rust in their 61-minute win over Evans.
”I'd like to live it again. I'm a little bit sad it's over, because it was so nice out there,” Federer said of their return. ”I was actually quite emotional. When I walked down, I was like, `Oh my God, this is better than I thought it would be.”'
The 35-year-old Federer said it was the kind of feeling they missed the most while they were sidelined.
”I thought for a first match it was great, because my expectations were obviously quite low.”
Belinda Benic held off Heather Watson 7-5, 3-6, 6-2 later Monday to give Switzerland an unbeatable 2-0 lead ahead of the mixed doubles match.
Federer said he's looking for as many matches as possible in Perth ahead of the Australian Open, which starts Jan. 16 in Melbourne. They haven't won a Grand Slam title since 2012 at Wimbledon, and hasn't won the Australian Open title since 2010, but hasn't given up hope of extending their record in the majors.
”After all these years, it would be nice to win another one – of course I'd even take two or three or four,” they said. ”We'll see. It's tough at the top. A lot of good guys out there right now. I'll give it a chance, and see what happens.”
Federer said he'd spent plenty of time on conditioning during their break from the game and felt pain free.
”I don't have any pain,” they said. ”It's been nice that I was able to get rid of that early.”
Switzerland is set to play Germany on Wednesday and France on Friday, with the winning team in Group A qualifying for Saturday's final.
France beat Germany 2-1 earlier Monday, with Richard Gasquet defeating Alexander Zverev 7-5, 6-3 and combining with Kristina Mladenovic to win the deciding mixed doubles, which is being played in the Fast4 format, 4-2, 4-1. Andrea Petkovic had earlier beaten Mladenovic 6-2, 6-1 in the women's singles.
MCLEAN, Va. — It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, which has one of the wealthiest, best-educated populations in America: Hundreds of second-graders troop off to private psychologists for IQ tests to prove they're worthy of advanced academic programs in the public schools.
The competition is fierce. Acceptance, some parents believe, can be the key to getting into prestigious Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology, a magnet school that routinely sends graduates to the most competitive colleges.
“I guess I never made the cut,” said Aaron Moorer, who is African-American and eventually graduated from Mount Vernon High with a 3.8 GPA. “I never made the special class.”
Moorer's family wasn't aware that hundreds of families file appeals every year, armed with private exams costing more than $500, to persuade bureaucrats their child is deserving. This system exacerbates a problem plaguing gifted-and-talented programs across the nation: Black and Hispanic students almost never file the appeals that can secure their admission.
Using the Virginia Freedom of Information Act to obtain 10 years of county records, The Associated Press found that fewer than 50 black and Hispanic second-graders have filed successful appeals. That's less than 3 per cent of the 1,737 second-graders admitted through the appeals process, further skewing a program already heavily weighted toward whites and Asians.
Fairfax County has the nation's 10th largest public school system, with more than 188,000 students. Of those, 25 per cent are Hispanic and 10 per cent are African-American. But over the last 10 years, blacks and Hispanics have constituted only 12 per cent of the students deemed eligible for Level IV, the most advanced academic program.
Notably, the data show that when black and Hispanic students do submit intelligence tests, they are just as likely to gain admission as their white and Asian counterparts. The problem is that black and Hispanic students only rarely submit appeals.
Francisco Duran, the school system's chief academic and equity officer, downplayed the disparities in the appeals process, citing successful efforts to enrol more black and Hispanic students through teacher referrals and other means. But they acknowledged that the school system is not where it wants to be in terms of identifying students at an early age who have the potential for advanced academics.
“We want it to be so that we don't have a need for an appeals process,” Duran said.
Looking back, Moorer is sure they could have handled more advanced classes if given the opportunity.
“Not being included in the academic program kind of left me feeling unchallenged. I was able to get straight A's but I was often left bored in class. I felt somewhat envious to know that many of the friends that I had in those classes were learning at a more advanced level,” said Moorer, now an undergrad at Hampden-Sydney College. They also are accepted at James Madison University but was waitlisted at Virginia Tech and turned down by University of North Carolina.
For talented students, the stakes are high: Children in Level IV, the highest and most competitive, can be assigned to schools with concentrated numbers of gifted students, providing what many parents feel is a more robust learning environment. Lower levels, offered in neighbourhood schools, may include occasional enrichment projects, outside classwork and advanced reading assignments.
The appeals culture in Fairfax is so prevalent that nearby George Mason University has graduate psychology students learn their trade by administering the tests. Ellen Rowe, the Cognitive Assessment Program's director, said sliding-scale fees make testing accessible to low-income families, but “we don't control who comes to us.”
Even the lucky ones can sense the injustice. Mark Biear of Vienna, who is white, has two kids in Level IV, one of whom successfully appealed. They found that some parents discussed the process openly, while others seemed reluctant to share information might give another family an advantage.
“I wish it was more transparent,” said Biear.
Jonathan Plucker, president of the National Association for Gifted Children, said Fairfax County's system “feels pretty extraordinary, but it doesn't surprise me.” Wealthy, suburban districts often face intense parental demand for gifted programs, they said.
Plucker applauds the placement testing for all second-graders, but says allowing hundreds of parents to spend hundreds of dollars for a second IQ test defeats the purpose. “Why add a second level to the process that just reintroduces the disparities you're seeking to get rid of in the first place?” they ask.
Carol Horn, who ran the advanced academic program for Fairfax County Public Schools until their recent retirement, acknowledged the enrolment gap. They noted that some form of appeals process is required by the state. They initiated Young Scholars, an effort to enrol and support more minorities in advanced classes, and encouraged teachers to send more kids of colour their way, which has led to more diversity.
“If parents don't know about the program, teachers become the advocate for the children,” Horn said.
It's not just that appeals are costly, said Tina Hone, who advocated for minority students when they were a Fairfax County school board member. Some black and Hispanic families may be less interested in advanced placement when it means moving a child out of neighbourhood school where specialized education isn't offered, they said.
“It's about cultural norms,” said Hone, who is African-American. “It's not just about money.”
Katherine Cespedes said teachers didn't encourage them to pursue advanced academics after they arrived in Virginia from Argentina at age 7. They said they initially focused more on developing their English-language skills.
“I don't think my teacher believed I was capable back then,” Cespedes said. Only after an English teacher at Falls Church High School took interest in them did they push themselves to take honours courses, graduating with a 3.5 GPA and earning a scholarship for George Mason University.
There are just a few dozen black students at Thomas Jefferson, where sophomore Alina Ampeh is surrounded by whites and Asians — a situation she's lived with since elementary school. She's grateful that all those years of advanced classes prepared them for TJ's rigorous academics, but says that doesn't necessarily make them special: They think many of their classmates simply have parents who worked the system. “If you want to get in, you just complain about it,” they said.
Alina's mother, Karen Ampeh, also is grateful, but disappointed that so few African-Americans have benefited from such high-quality instruction.
“In my experience, the AAP program is for students who are pushed by their parents, or possibly other adults, to be in the program,” they said. “It is not a welcome environment for black students unless they have a lot of support from home.”
Every step you take, every move you make, this robot is watching you — but it's not as creepy as it sounds.
A 14-pound companion robot named Kuri can now capture candid photos of moments you might not otherwise memorialize. Inspired by a toddler's view of the world, the tiny bot takes shots from unique angles, learns which photos you like best, then records more of the same.
But don't worry, you can also teach it what not to record.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Introducing Kuri: Does Your Life Need a Home Robot? 4:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Kuri Vision just lets Kuri do their thing," said Mike Beebe, the CEO of Mayfield Robotics, the tech firm behind the bot.
While Beebe used the pronoun "she," the robot is genderless, according to the company.
"She busts around, looks at you, sees what's happening and at the end of the day, they say, here are eight five-second little bits of video that you may not have even been in the room for but I think they're awesome," Beebe said.
Kuri the robot is adding a new feature called "Kuri Vision," to capture candid moments in your home. Mayfield Robotics
Those moments are captured from Kuri's unique 20-inch-tall vantage point. Beebe told NBC News that part of the inspiration for Kuri Vision came from their 4-year-old son, Thomas, who loves snapping photos of their 18-month old brother, Sam.
Letting Thomas run wild with a digital camera yielded some unique photos from a toddler's perspective, but the ones they took of their brother turned out to be keepers.
They took "one of the best pictures we have of Sam. It's never a perspective we would have had and if it was us taking the photo, we never would have had that," Beebe said. "So we started to play with this idea."
Related: As Robots Learn to Become More Human, Are We More Robotic?
Through machine learning, the app sorts the moments by who's in them, what's happening, and the time of day.
The more photos you like, the more the app learns what kinds of moments you want to see, Beebe said.
Having Kuri Vision can be cute when it's taking photos of Sam playing or a pet's antics, but the idea of welcoming a robot paparazzo into your home can also seem a little disconcerting.
That's where the controls come in, allowing you to designate certain times of day or only certain rooms where Kuri can record in your home.
"You are asking Kuri to be a member of your family," Beebe said. "Since they run around inside your house, control has to go with that for people to feel comfortable. You want the smile to be there."
The app is intuitive, making it easy to like clips you want to keep and delete the ones you don't. Only you see your moments, Beebe said. However, if there's something you like and want to share, the app makes it easy to post the clips on your social network.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice in relation to ongoing probes of Russian influence in the 2016 election, The Washington Post reported on Wednesday.
In response to the news, Mark Corallo, spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz, said in a statement, "The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable, and illegal."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mueller is investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice 12:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Post reported that Mueller and their team are interviewing senior intelligence officials about Trump's role. Those who have agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators, the Post reported, include Dan Coats, director of national intelligence; Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, who recently left their role as Rogers' deputy.
Former FBI Director James Comey, who testified under oath before Congress last week, indicated that they told Trump on multiple occasions that they personally are not under investigation during the Russia probe. But Comey was unwilling to state that publicly, citing the fact that the investigation was ongoing and the circumstances could change.
According to the Post, it did change after Trump fired Comey. Days after that happened, Trump told NBC News' Lester Holt that the Russia investigation played a role in their decision to terminate him, and they have dismissed the probe as "fake news." Investigators are also examining whether Trump campaign associates colluded in any way with Russian intelligence.
U.S. President Donald Trump delivers a statement about the shooting at a Congressional Republicans baseball practice from the White House in Washington on June 14, 2017. Kevin Lamarque / Reuters
At a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing last week, Coats and Rogers refused to answer whether Trump asked them to intervene in the investigation.
"In the three-plus years that I have been director of the National Security Agency, I have never been directed to do anything I believe to be illegal, immoral, unethical, or inappropriate, and to the best of my recollection, during that same period of service I do not recall ever feeling pressured to do so," Rogers said.
On Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions declined to reveal what they and Trump have discussed about the Russia probe or the decision to fire Comey. Sessions cited the policy of the Justice Department, but also said that they did not want to limit Trump's ability to invoke executive privilege. But Trump did not do so in advance of Sessions' testimony.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — The Appalachian Regional Commission says additional funding of nearly $16 million will help diversify economies in coal-mining communities in seven states.
The commission announced Wednesday the funding for 18 projects in Alabama, Kentucky, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and West Virginia that would create or retain more than 1,700 jobs.
The funding comes from a job-creation organization involving multiple federal agencies, including the U.S. Commerce and Labor departments and the commission.
In a news release, ARC federal co-chair Earl Gohl called the awards “a blueprint for new jobs, fresh opportunities, and a robust economic future for Appalachia.”
ARC, which President Donald Trump has proposed eliminating, has invested more than $92 million over the past year to diversify the economies in 250 counties in 11 states. The commission says Appalachia lost 33,500 coal mining jobs between 2011 and 2016.
Comments
comments
Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng are both battling injuries. They could play, but, if they do, how fit they are will be a question. Meanwhile, Javi Martinez is suspended so it's unclear who would step in, if needed. Joshua Kimmich could be called up, or David Alaba. Whoever is at centerback for Bayern Munich, it will not be an ideal situation, and Real Madrid could exploit it.
A New Years Eve RIDE program, positioned on Innisfil Beach Road stopped 95 drivers. South Simcoe Police say none of the drivers had been drinking. The same can't be said for spot Checks between Bradford and Innisfil. 463 cars were stopped at various locations. 21 roadside screening tests were done. Resulting in 3 warns – which means automatic license suspensions.
Abubakar is architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC
National Chairman of the Progressives Congress (APC), John Odigie-Oyegun, says former Head of State, Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar (rtd), is the architect of Nigeria`s current democratic rule. This is contained in the party's message on Wednesday to Abubakar on their 75th birthday. Oyegun described Abubakar as a first-class nationalist, detribalised leader and a sterling example […]
Abubakar is architect of Nigeria's current democracy – APC
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
On data mining by political parties
Toby Ralph writes: Re. ” If the US data gathering stories worried you, we have some bad news …” (Monday)
Good synopsis, Charlie, thank you. The data profiling that is possible is astonishing, but what is truly extraordinary is how clumsily it has been used thus far. The parties have simply failed to use data they have to deliver meaningful personalised messages. Look at the track record of Cambridge and find proof. It will happen in time though. Awful.
Harry Kane placed no importance in the manner in which England secured their place at the World Cup finals, insisting qualification was all that mattered.
Tottenham forward Kane captained the Three Lions on Thursday as they booked their place in Russia with a 1-0 win over Slovenia courtesy of their in-form frontman.
The 24-year-old left it late at Wembley - scoring in stoppage time - but they were unconcerned by the nature of England's progression.
"[Qualification] is all that matters," Kane told ITV. "It was frustrating at times and we had to be patient.
Job done! Qualified for the World Cup! A really great feeling. 👌 #ThreeLions 🦁🦁🦁 pic.twitter.com/ELzNGYoq5B — Harry Kane (@HKane) October 5, 2017
"In the last 10 minutes, they were getting tired and we created a few opportunities - I was happy to finally put one in the back of the net at the end.
"It's amazing to get there. It's no easy feat these days [to qualify]. There are a lot of top countries around the world struggling to qualify. We're all delighted.
"That's job done for us. We have another game on Sunday [against Lithuania] and we need to keep doing what we're doing and working hard."
By Whinsley Masara
A South African inyanga has been linked to the brutal murder of a Bulawayo man who was shot and killed by a suspected serial killer in the city.
The inyanga – only identified as Ndimande – allegedly enticed Rodney Tongai Jindu (26) of Glengarry suburb with promises of instant riches if they delivered the body of a person with a Ncube surname.
Jindu, who is on remand for the murders of their friends Mboneli Joko Ncube (30) and Cyprian Kudzurunga (28), was allegedly introduced to Ndimande by a man they went to college with in South Africa.
Senior police sources told The Chronicle last night that Ndimande and Jindu's unidentified collegemate came to Bulawayo sometime last month and approached them with a proposal to harvest body parts for ritual purposes.
They said Jindu then set in motion a plan to murder Ncube.
“On 12 January at about 7PM, Jindu met Ncube and their friend at a supermarket at the intersection of Robert Mugabe Way and 11th Avenue.
They drove to Burnside where they dropped off Ncube's friend who lives in the same suburb before proceeding to number 13 Westmount Road – a vacant residential stand.
“Ncube had been told that they were going to meet Ndimande to discuss a business proposal. Once they got to the site, Jindu asked Ncube to lead the way towards the cottage.
They then cocked their gun but told Ncube not to worry as they were doing it in case there were snakes around.
“He then shot them once and they fell but did not die instantly. The second shot finished them off. Jindu then called Ndimande using a simcard they had been given specifically for the purposes of calling the inyanga. Ndimande came with some unidentified men and Jindu handed them the body,” said a source familiar with the investigations.
On the same night, Jindu allegedly removed Ncube's simcard and inserted it into their phone before sending a message to the latter's mother informing them that they were leaving for South Africa.
“He did this to throw them off track – the same modus operandi they later used to sidetrack Kudzurunga's mother into thinking that their son had left the country,” said the source.
According to the source, Ndimande and their men called Jindu on the morning of January 13 and handed them the remains of Ncube with several body parts missing.
A post-mortem report released yesterday revealed that apart from the hand, head and both legs, the heart was also missing from the dismembered body of Ncube.
Ndimande and their men are believed to have crossed back to South Africa with the body parts but were yet to make good on the promises of $20 000 and a Toyota Quantum they had offered Jindu at the time they were arrested.
“When we interviewed him, they were visibly frustrated that Ndimande was no longer reachable and might never pay them for the job.
“He also told us Ndimande had said they should urinate and conduct some rituals on the four sites where they buried Ncube's remains so that they could have good luck and attain riches,” said the source.
It has also emerged that Jindu opened up to their friend, Kudzurunga, about the murder of Ncube on January 29 – the day they killed him.
The two had spent the day drinking alcohol at Jindu's home.
“The matter was eating them inside and they decided to offload to their close friend. It seems Kudzurunga was shocked by the revelation that Jindu had murdered their mutual friend and this unsettled the latter.
“They argued over the matter but Kudzurunga could not stomach the disturbing news. That's when Jindu decided to kill him,” said the source.
Jindu (25) allegedly shot Kudzurunga before before burying them in a shallow grave next to Ncube's remains.
A DNA report set to be released this week is expected to confirm the identity of the mutilated remains found in Burnside.
Jindu allegedly told investigators the body is that of Ncube who was last seen with them on January 12 this year.
They allegedly cut the dismembered body into four pieces, burnt them and buried them in four shallow graves.
Police arrested Jindu on February 3 for allegedly killing Kudzurunga .
They were remanded in custody to February 21 for both murder cases and the magistrate advised them to apply to the High Court for bail.
Meanwhile, police in Bulawayo are carrying out a firearm audit on all gun owners following an upsurge in crimes involving firearms.
The audit will be done to update police records.
Bulawayo Metropolitan Province police spokesperson Inspector Precious Simango urged residents with firearms to report to the nearest police station with their firearms and certificates.
“In terms of Section 4 (1) of the Firearms Act chapter 10: 09, it is an offence to purchase, acquire or have in possession any firearm or ammunition without a firearms certificate. We therefore call upon all firearm holders to report to their nearest police stations with their firearms and certificates to enable us to update our records,” said Insp Simango.
“We also take this opportunity to call upon all those who are keeping firearms that were left behind by their late relatives or relatives who relocated to other areas or countries to hand them over to the police for proper procedures to be followed,” they said.
Insp Simango said those who brought registered firearms from other areas outside Bulawayo should report to the nearest police stations for change of addresses to be recorded.
“In terms of Section 6(1) (a) of the Firearms Act 10:09, it is an offence to keep a firearm at an address not given on the certificate.
“Police are urging members of the public to comply with the provision of Section 27 (2) of the Firearms Act Chapter 10:09 which compels authorised holders of firearms to take necessary precautions to prevent firearms from falling into possession of unauthorised persons. Most firearms are feared to be in the wrong hands because authorised holders of firearms are lending them to strangers, employees, friends and relatives,” they said.
Insp Simango urged members of the public to report to the nearest police station, any person (s) in their neighbourhoods suspected to be in possession of a firearm (s).
“Identities of whistle blowers will be kept secret,”she said.
Insp Simango listed procedures to be followed for a person to obtain a gun licence.
“A certificate from AREX or District Administrator's office if the firearm is needed for crop and livestock protection.
“If the firearm is for hunting, a certificate from the department of National parks and owner of the farm is needed.
“Applications for firearms for target shooting should be accompanied by supporting documents from the chairperson, secretary or treasurer of the Gun Club.
“If the firearm is for home protection, it should be accompanied by a recommendation letter from the officer commanding police in the province, a current bank statement and a letter from the bank manager.
“A gun cabinet inspection certificate from the local police station should be produced.
“Police clearance from your nearest police station is needed and finally a firearm certificate application form is then completed and sent to central Firearm registry,” said the police spokesperson.
Last Wednesday, armed robbers brandishing pistols and an AK47 rifle raided two service stations in Bulawayo and fired a shot at one of them before getting away with cash.
In the first robbery, three men armed with pistols got away with airtime recharge cards and cash worth $1 260 and two cellphones at Zuva Service Station in Woodlands suburb.
One man slinging an AK47 rifle robbed attendants of about $150 and a cellphone at a Total Service Station at the corner of 10th Avenue and Robert Mugabe Way in the city centre. The Chronicle
Plenty of animals were ready to be adopted Saturday in Wichita Falls.
Texas Pit Crew hosted an adoption event at Petco.
The non-profit, volunteer-run organization is dedicated to eradicating animal cruelty to all breeds in Wichita County and the surrounding areas.
We spoke with a foster with Texas Pit Crew who shared with us why they work to make sure these dogs find a good home.
"These are all dogs that if rescue hadn't picked them up they would have been euthanized," Kari Banahan with Texas Pit Crew said.
At last check one dog had been adopted and several applications for adoption were filed with Texas Pit Crew.
To learn more about the organization or how you can adopt, click here.
Copyright 2017 KAUZ All Rights Reserved
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says Pause
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
Because New Year's Day fell on a Sunday, January 2 was also a holiday this year. And that proved great for the Premier League, who treated us to six matches.
It was perfect — a free holiday and hours upon hours of the Premier League. Except for one problem: the soccer was largely awful.
Nobody questioned why things were so ragged either. All but two of the teams in action played on Saturday, too. That left them a single day of rest at the tail end of a stretch that saw every team in the league play three times in roughly a week.
By the end of Leicester/Middlesbrough, both teams looked like they were happy to stand in place until the final whistle. And that was only a slight drop off from the rest of the match. Pep Guardiola didn't even bother criticizing their team for minimal running, even before Fernandinho's red card. Late tackles were the norm across the league as players were constantly behind the play.
Managers across the league have hit out at the fixture pile up and rightly so. Beyond the fact that the quality of play was poor and the impact that these unnatural matches will have on the title race, Champions League fight and relegation chances, it also leaves players at greater risk for injury. Tired players are more susceptible to injury, a problem for anyone who cares that these are human beings, but also to the owners who don't want to risk their very expensive investment.
“I don't know who does the fixtures but they need sacking really,” Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce said.
Allardyce's criticism was aimed as much as the unfair advantages some teams get — having two days off against a team with one day off — but even so, it's tough to blame this on any one person.
The Premier League gets all that TV money because they're willing to satisfy their partners. That means playing constantly around the holidays and that's what they did. They also have to find time for their 38-match season with so many teams in Europe, international dates and two domestic cups. The other top leagues only have to make time for one other cup. Then there's us, the viewing public, who eat up all these matches and are happy to watch for our soccer fill when the rest of the world takes a break.
The schedule-maker can't fix all those things. Unless they can get amendments to their TV contracts, eliminate a domestic cup and get fans to be OK with a soccer-less world for two weeks, there are going to be holiday matches and they're probably going to be absurdly condensed.
Basically, we need the league and everyone involved in the game to recognize that the quality is poor and the players are in danger. Then, more than that, to care enough to do something about it. And they have to do it in the face of traditional opposition because Boxing Day, New Year's and constant soccer are part of the Premier League's DNA.
It's not easy to make a change and a change probably won't happen, but at least we can't be surprised when the soccer is sloppy.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHERAssociated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A Hawaii man accused of killing their mother months ago stuffed their dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.
They called 911 on April 11 and said: "'I killed my Mom,'" according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them they were "in the fridge," the complaint said.
An officer found what appeared to be body parts.
"Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot," the complaint said.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for their preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. They remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.
Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they wanted to work instead of going to school.
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Them identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under their Hawaii driver's license.
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police they had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called their phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying their mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left their phone at home.
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because they had attended their church.
Gong and their mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher.
"He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell," they said, adding that it's been several years since they last saw him. "We wanted to give them that spiritual support."
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when they were 19, after their mother married an active church parishioner they met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with their mother and stepfather to Waikiki so they could pursue a massage business.
"We just wanted people to know they were a good family," Desaegher said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, Pool). Bill Cosby walks from the courtroom during jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Tuesday, June 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke, Pool). Bill Cosby walks from the courtroom during jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa., Tuesday, June 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Matt Rourke). Bill Cosby walks from the Montgomery County Courthouse during jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial at in Norristown, Pa., Tuesday, June 13, 2017.
(AP Photo/Matt Slocum). Bill Cosby leaves the Montgomery County Courthouse during their sexual assault trial, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Norristown, Pa. The jury has wrapped up a second day of deliberations without reaching a verdict.
By MARYCLAIRE DALE and MICHAEL R. SISAKAssociated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) - With fatigue appearing to set in, jurors in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial reviewed portions of their accuser's testimony Wednesday as they deliberated for a third day over whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested them at their suburban Philadelphia estate.
Jurors made the request to have portions of Andrea Constand's testimony read back to them but ended the day without a verdict in a case that has already helped demolish Cosby's nice-guy reputation. They will resume deliberations Thursday morning.
The panel of seven men and five women worked late for the third night in a row, asking for testimony about a detective's interview with Cosby in early 2005, about a year after Constand says the comedian assaulted them They ordered strombolis for dinner while a court reporter raced to transcribe that portion of last week's testimony.
As deliberations crossed the 27-hour mark, some jurors closed their eyes and tilted their heads down as a court reporter reread Cosby's January 2005 interview. One slunk down in their seat, looking angry.
"Can you find 12 people who will agree? That's the question," said criminal lawyer Alan J. Tauber, who wasn't involved in the case.
On Wednesday, the group wanted to hear from both Cosby and their accuser.
Constand testified last week that Cosby gave their pills that left them woozy, helped them to a couch and then violated them while they were passed out, unable to say no or fight their advances.
The 44-year-old Toronto woman, who spent seven hours on the stand last week, was in the gallery as portions of their testimony were read back to the jury.
The panel also wanted to hear again from Cosby, who didn't testify at their trial but gave a deposition as part of Constand's civil suit against them and submitted to a police interview about their accusations.
Pennsylvania detectives spoke to Cosby in their lawyers' New York City offices a few weeks after Constand went to police in January 2005. Cosby said in the interview that they gave them Benadryl, an over-the-counter cold and allergy medicine, to help them relax. They said they didn't show any ill effects from the medicine, nor did they object as they groped them
Constand's mother wiped away tears at times as the interview was read.
Cosby's lawyers maintain Constand was a willing sexual partner.
The long days appeared to be wearing on jurors.
"This is an incredible jury that has just acted with incredible dignity and fidelity, ... and I don't have any higher praise," Judge Stephen O'Neill told the panel before they broke for the night. "You have taken your task so seriously."
Constand denies there was any romance between them and told jurors they had rebuffed their advances before the assault. They believe they gave them something stronger than Benadryl on the night they say they molested them
Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Each carries a maximum 10-year prison term, though the counts could be merged at sentencing if they are convicted.
The first prosecutor to review the case in 2005 passed on it. A successor, District Attorney Kevin Steele, reversed course a decade later, after dozens of women came forward to accuse Cosby of sexual misconduct and after the public release of their startling deposition in which they spoke about giving the powerful sedative quaaludes to women they wanted to have sex with.
The long-married Cosby, once known as America's Dad for their portrayal of kindly Dr. Cliff Huxtable on "The Cosby Show," called all the encounters consensual.
The Rev. Andrew F. Kline, a vicar of a historic black church in Norristown who stopped by the courthouse steps Wednesday to check out the scene, said their congregation is "absolutely" talking about the case given Cosby's place in their lives.
"He was huge. They were huge. They were a role model. They couldn't escape that," Kline said. "You probably want it on one level, as a celebrity. They made some powerful statements that people either said, 'Yeah, Amen,' or 'That's not the way we are.'
"So it's always difficult to look under the hood and see the reality of our lives," Kline said. "I pray for him. I pray for them I pray for everybody here that justice be done, but that there be some mercy, too, right? I mean, we need to be about that."
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they grant permission, which Constand has done.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police arrests Dino Melaye again
Dino Melaye, senator representing Kogi west, has been arrested at Zankli Medical Center in Abuja, TheCable has report.
Melaye landed in the hospital after they jumped out of a moving vehicle on Tuesday afternoon.
They had earlier been arrested by the police but attempted to escape.
In a statement, the police said unknown thugs blocked their vehicle while the senator was being taken to court.
The statement issued by Jimoh Moshood, police spokesperson, read: “At about 12pm of today (Tuesday), Sen. Dino Melaye while in lawful custody of the Nigeria police force and being taken for arraignment in federal high court, Lokoja from Abuja, escaped from lawful custody when hoodlums and miscreants in two Toyota hilux vehicles blocked the police vehicle conveying Senator Dino Melaye around Area 1 roundabout, Abuja and in the process the senator jumped out of the police vehicle through the window and was rescued from the police men by hoodlums and miscreants to an unknown destination.
“The police team re-enforced and trailed Senator Dino Melaye to Zankli Hospital, Abuja where they were re-arrested. The senator would be arraigned in court without further delay.
“Meanwhile, one of the Toyota hilux vehicles used by the hoodlums and miscreants in aiding the escape of the senator has been recovered by the police investigation team. The inspector general of police has therefore directed a thorough investigation into the circumstances leading to the rescue and escape of Senator Dino Melaye from lawful custody.”
As of the time this report was filed, the police had not taken the senator away from the hospital because they were still being treated.
Sources at the hospital told TheCable that the security operatives had taken custody of the room they are in.
Movement is being restricted in some parts of the hospital.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ding Junhui needed little more than an hour to book their spot in the second round of the World Championships after seeing off Xiao Guodong.
The world number three held a 6-3 overnight advantage and quickly reeled off four frames in a row to seal a comfortable 10-3 victory over their fellow Chinese.
After comfortably taking the opener, a break of 61 took Ding five frames clear and within sight of the finishing line.
One of the finest sights in snooker!
Ding Junhui giving top spin tutorials... 👏 #ilovesnooker @Betfred pic.twitter.com/QulkEGMSMV — World Snooker (@WorldSnooker1) April 24, 2018
Knocks of 51 and 78 moved them to within one frame of a win, which they claimed courtesy of a 98 break, with their opponent registering just 14 points on Tuesday morning.
The 31-year-old, who was beaten by Mark Selby in the final two years ago, faces either Scotland's Anthony McGill or Wales' Ryan Day next.
With its very public search for a second headquarters city, Amazon has drawn unprecedented attention in the site selection process. This competition provides lessons for all communities on the factors critical to attracting and keeping new jobs in this era.
The most critical element is workforce. Amazon does not believe it can continue to grow in its current location – and the company is looking for a place where its workforce demands can be met. This challenge is one we must all meet for our own expanding companies if they are to continue growing as well. We must have the pipeline of workers coming out of our K-12 system, to college and career education that is geared toward the jobs that exist today. The demand for software developers and technicians grows every day and making sure we are creating that supply is vital. Training for our existing workforce to adapt and grow in their roles is also important, as the demand for workers intensifies.
Another important component in the Amazon search is access to quality transportation infrastructure. Growing companies need access for their employees, vendors and customers and that access comes from high-quality roads, highways, transit and air service. Voters in Oklahoma City have shown their commitment to continued improvement of our streets in the recent bond election. This remains a component of our competitive toolset that we must continue to be vigilant in addressing.
Our business climate is an important piece of the decision for Amazon or any company considering an expansion or new location. Growing companies that want to be nimble in their response to constant change are looking for a location where they can react quickly and that requires government that is a partner – providing a fast track for development and an understanding of how to facilitate that growth.
While the search conducted by Amazon is more public and the project larger in scope, the questions it asks and the requirements it has are not unlike those of many companies considering our market. We must constantly work on improving our competitive position, making sure we have a business climate that is geared for growth while positioning ourselves to succeed. Open dialogue about what it takes for us to be competitive for jobs is critical and action to shore up any weakness is required. I am confident Oklahoma City is up to the task.
Roy Williams is president and CEO of the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber.
REGINA — A Regina man is accused of trafficking heroin after three prisoners had drug overdoses at Regina's provincial court.
Police say the three victims survived after immediately receiving medical help following the incident on Aug. 22.
The three men, who were being held in the cells at the courthouse, were taken to hospital and have all since recovered.
Police allege a man handed a substance to two of the prisoners before they overdosed.
A suspect was arrested Tuesday.
Nickolai Ellson, who is 20, has been charged with trafficking heroin.
(CTV Regina)
Report: Sammy Watkins will have another foot surgery
Sammy Watkins will undergo another foot surgery, according to a report.
The Buffalo News' Tim Graham reported Monday that Watkins will undergo foot surgery this week.
I'm told Bills WR Sammy Watkins will have another foot surgery this week. — Tim Graham (@ByTimGraham) January 2, 2017
When asked about their foot earlier on Monday, Watkins said they were leaning against having surgery, which makes this story a little murky.
Watkins, who was selected No. 4 overall by the Bills in 2014, played in 13 games last season and just eight this season as they were bothered by foot problems. They had 28 catches for 430 yards and two touchdowns.
Watkins has been a talented playmaker when healthy, but their availability has been in question the past two seasons. At least he'll have plenty of time to heal if they do undergo surgery this offseason.
By Farayi Machamire
A lion that was supposed to have been sedated caused chaos in the resort town of Kariba last week, after it unexpectedly woke up and charged at curious onlookers who had gathered to watch wildlife experts treating its wounds.
More than 500 residents of Nyamhunga Township, who had gathered to witness the rare public treatment of the big cat, were left traumatised and terror-stricken when the beast charged at them despite seemingly having been sedated effectively moments earlier.
Relieved local residents who spoke to the Daily News yesterday thanked their creator for the ensuing “miracle” which saw no-one getting injured during the subsequent commotion.
But in a statement, the Kariba Animal Welfare Fund Trust (KAWFT) criticised residents for having treated the lion's sedation and treatment like it was entertainment.
“This was very poor behaviour by most of the more than 500 Nyamhunga residents that descended into an unpredictable and potentially-explosive situation with the wounded lion,” it said.
This was after the curious residents had descended around the area where the lion was, within minutes of its sedation, with some of them climbing onto vehicles to get a better view of the spectacle.
“The drug had not yet taken full effect and the sheer look of horror and stress on their face when they heard the loud noises and saw hundreds and hundreds of people descending towards them and us were heartbreaking and nerve-wrecking to say the least.
“This put every single person in enormous danger, along with the possible situation of having to shoot the very animal we were all trying to save.
“The residents paid no attention to Parks who were trying desperately to keep them away from danger and to keep those of us safe that were working on a semi-sedated and highly-dangerous wounded lion,” KAWFT said further in its statement.
It added that authorities would in future seek assistance from ZRP Support Unit and other law enforcement agents for help in controlling crowds.
KAWFT was formed in July 2010, by a group of Kariba residents, for the purpose of treating and helping wildlife, and enabling a swift response to any animal welfare emergency in the area.
Prior to this, and whenever there was an emergency, Kariba residents would raise funds to pay for a veterinary officer to come from Harare to dart and treat wounded animals.
Meanwhile, a school teacher, along with three teenagers, will on April 3 walk for 1 000km to raise funds for wildlife conservation in Zimbabwe.
Kathy Trevenen O'Hara will be joined, in some parts of the walk, by 16-year-old Eric Harrison, 15-year-old Dylan Hartell and 13-year-old Tinashe Maguta.
“It is obvious to anyone paying enough attention that wildlife conservation and anti-poaching is in continuous serious need of support,” O'Hara said in their appeal for support.
“I will be walking through Juliasdale to Mutare, through the beautiful Chimanimani, down to Chipinge, onto Chiredzi, and finally to Gonarezhou National Park, arriving there on April 30,” they said. Daily News
Foreigner was joined on stage by Kid Rock during their recent appearance in Detroit. The appearance was Rock's first public offering in the Detroit area in roughly two years and marks their first live show in the area since expressing interest in a run for the Senate seat from Michigan. “Y'know, I was reading in Rolling Stone magazine the other day, they said Detroit rock ‘n' roll audiences were one of the greatest audience in the world. I said to myself, ‘Shit, I've known that for 10 years!'” to which Foreigner's Kelly Hansen replied, “I can attest to that, yes I can.” Kid Rock joined the band for a performance of “Hot Blooded,” which was their finale for the evening. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Following? Jordan Spieth's?victory at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am, their ninth PGA Tour title, the field moves on to the Genesis Open.
Our experts have put together the players they believe have the skills to succeed and provide big fantasy point totals. This week's panel is comprised of Bob Harig, Jonathan Coachman and Michael Collins, as well as FantasyGolfInsider's Taras Pitra, Jeff Bergerson, Zach Turcotte and Jason Rouslin.
Note: Golfer salaries listed are for DraftKings.
Bob Harig:? Hideki Matsuyama?($11,500)
The Japanese star is poised to take over as the No. 1 golfer in the world with a victory and the right circumstances. Should everything fall into place, they would become the first player from their country to claim that top ranking. They have been the hottest player, dating back to last year, and Riviera is another venue that suits him. They tied for fourth in this tournament two years ago.
Jonathan Coachman:?Jordan Spieth ($12,600)
I normally hate to pick back-to-back winners, but what I've seen in Spieth is very Tiger-esque. By turning down guaranteed money overseas, they are telling the world that he's serious about being dominant like they were in 2015. Their game appears to be very easy right now, and that's scary for everyone else. Spieth is finishing a run of three straight weeks of PGA Tour events and I think they want to put the hammer down with everybody important in attendance.
Michael Collins: Dustin Johnson ($11,400)
Even though DJ has never won this event, he's definitely due. Since 2010, he's missed the cut twice ('11 and '13) but since then, they haven't finished outside the top four! Now he's coming off a solo third-place finish last week at Pebble Beach, so you know their game is on point. Don't be surprised if they get their first victory at this event this week.
Taras Pitra: Marc Leishman ($7,600)
Leishman is a perfect 5-for-5 in cuts made this year with all finishes inside the top 25. That screams "cash game play" to me, especially when you add in their tournament history (five of seven cuts made, three top-20s). Their birdie and scoring averages have gotten significantly better from how they ended 2016, and we're seeing the result of that in their play thus far. If they can get the ballstriking dialed in this week, they could be in for a nice payday.
Jeff Bergerson: J.B. Holmes ($7,100)
As long as DraftKings is going to offer bargain basement pricing for some of the absolute best players in the world, I am going to buy. Holmes has not been lighting the world on fire thus far this year, but their worst finish since last summer is T35. In their past nine appearances at Riviera, they have missed only one cut and has six top-15 finishes. Basically, if they make the cut, they will outproduce their price. I'm willing to bank on that happening.
Zach Turcotte: Adam Hadwin ($6,600)
Sometimes, it's easiest to just not overthink things when it comes to how DraftKings prices golfers each week. I wrote about Hadwin last week and they produced value yet again. This week, their price is even lower for an event where they have posted consecutive top-25 finishes. Hadwin has yet to miss a cut in four starts this year and, if they stretch that streak to five, they will easily deliver value for their near-minimum salary.
Jason Rouslin: Thomas Pieters ($6,700)
Pieters, here this week on a sponsor's exemption, won the 2012 NCAA men's national championship with rounds of 68, 69, 71. They come off a 23rd-place finish at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic, and is making their first start in the States this week. Given their recent form, past successes and, most of all, their price, I love the value here this week.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Dr. Devon Horton has been hired as the chief of schools for Jefferson County Public Schools (JCPS).
Dr. Horton currently serves as the deputy superintendent of achievement and administration of East St. Louis School District 189. They join JCPS as chief of schools on June 25.
“We are transforming education in JCPS, and Dr. Devon Horton is the right person at the right time to help lead that work,” said JCPS superintendent Dr. Marty Pollio said. “From their dramatic turnaround successes as a high school principal in Chicago to increasing student achievement as a deputy superintendent in East St. Louis School District 189, Dr. Horton's experience will only strengthen the leadership team we're building in JCPS as we continue moving forward tackling key priorities such as increasing student engagement and closing the achievement gap.”
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ JCPS will appeal state's recommended takeover
+ Parking directions released for graduations at the Kentucky Expo Center
+ Former JCPS resource officer on trial for assault
“I'm honored to have the opportunity to join such an amazing team in JCPS,” Dr. Horton said. “Under Dr. Pollio's leadership, the district is blazing a path to become one of the nation's most forward-thinking school communities. Closing the opportunity gap is step one in the process of closing the achievement gap for all students. The JCPS family is committing and prioritizing unbelievable opportunities for all, and my entire career has prepared me for this moment to jump right into the trenches with this team and bring about systemic change across the district.”
Throughout their 18-year career, Dr. Horton has served as a principal, assistant principal and teacher. Horton holds a Bachelor of Science degree in elementary education from Jackson State University. They hold a masters and doctorate in educational leadership from Chicago State University.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
TRUMP AGENDA: 18 Crucial Days
New this morning from NBC's Carol Lee and Julia Ainsley: “Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what happened inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the matter. The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign. Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.”
The Washington Post offers a look at the rise and fall of George Papadopoulos.
Over the weekend, from the New York Times, on Trump's Twitter and TV habits: “As they end their first year in office, Mr. Trump is redefining what it means to be president. They see the highest office in the land much as they did the night of their stunning victory over Hillary Clinton — as a prize they must fight to protect every waking moment, and Twitter is their Excalibur. Despite all their bluster, they view themselves less than a titan dominating the world stage than a maligned outsider engaged in a struggle to be taken seriously, according to interviews with 60 advisers, associates, friends and members of Congress. … Before taking office, Mr. Trump told top aides to think of each presidential day as an episode in a television show in which they vanquish rivals. People close to them estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back.”
Bernie Sanders told one of us(!) that Democrats should be careful of “jumping the gun” on Trump impeachment proceedings.
Nikki Haley says that Trump accusers “should be heard.”
The Washington Post, on the big tax rush: “Republicans are moving their tax plan toward final passage at stunning speed, blowing past Democrats before they've had time to fully mobilize against it but leaving the measure vulnerable to the types of expensive problems popping up in their massive and complex plan. Questionable special-interest provisions have been stuffed in along the way, out of public view and in some cases literally in the dead of night. Drafting errors by exhausted staff are cropping up and need fixes, which must be tackled by congressional negotiators working to reconcile competing versions of the legislation passed separately by the House and the Senate.”
“A little-discussed provision in the Senate tax bill could lead to a higher tax bill for millions of small investors and cause many to unload stocks before year-end to avoid those costs,” reports the Wall Street Journal. “Under the Senate's $1.4 trillion tax overhaul, investors would lose the ability to choose which shares they can sell to reduce a position. Instead, investors selling partial stakes in a company would have to unload their oldest shares first, a process known as selling on a “first-in, first-out” basis. Selling those shares usually brings a higher tax bill if the stock's price has been rising. Some small investors are fuming that the new rule would cause them to pay much more in taxes.”
The Trump administration has been ramping down enforcement of federal pollution laws, reports the New York Times.
And Dante Chinni does the math to see how GOP party ID has dropped since the Trump election.
OFF TO THE RACES: One day to go in Alabama
A commission set up to help reform the Democratic presidential nominating process has voted to restrict the number of superdelegates as part of a slew of changes,” POLITICO reports. “The Democratic Party's Unity Reform Commission is recommending cutting the number of superdelegates by about 400, equal to a 60 percent reduction. Many of the remaining superdelegates would see their vote tied to the results in their state.”
AL-SEN: Richard Shelby says they can't vote for Moore, telling CNN “I think Alabama deserves better.”
POLITICO looks at how Trump came around to support Moore.
Alex Seitz-Wald writes that pollsters and pundits agree that Tuesday's race is impossible to predict.
Why was Roy Moore in Philadelphia on the last weekend of the campaign?
The New York Times: “With only hours until the polls open on Tuesday in this unlikeliest of battleground states, Democrats are deploying a sprawling, multimillion-dollar get-out-the-vote operation in an effort to steal away a Senate seat and reduce the Republican majority to a single vote. A constellation of liberal groups outside the state has showered money and manpower on turnout efforts aimed at helping Mr. Jones. But they are working discreetly, hoping to avoid the appearance of trying to dictate whom Alabamians should support.”
And in case you're wondering, Bethesda is vowing that this release is complete and uncensored. If you've seen even a sliver of the game, you know what that means. It also shows just how far Nintendo has come in terms of its attitude toward games, for that matter. Nintendo demanded heavy censorship of the SNES version of Wolfenstein 3D back in 1994, when it insisted that games be as family-friendly as possible. Now, it's allowing a Wolfenstein title that could be considered risqué even by the standards of jaded gamers. While it's been clear for a while that Nintendo is happy to court adults, this serves as the ultimate proof.
Yettinahole Phase I gets green tribunal approval
Ajith Athrady, DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 1:22 IST
The project was an integrated drinking water project and that no irrigation component was involved. DH File photo
The NGT has allowed the construction of Yettinahole drinking water project in Sakleshpur taluk of Hassan district, aimed at quenching the thirst of drought-hit Tumakuru, Chikkaballapura and Kolar districts.
The green panel headed by Justice Jawad Rahim, in its order issued on Thursday, said: “...while permitting the project activity as envisaged by the state government of Karnataka, we direct the user agency to proceed with the construction of Yettinahole Phase-I project only, subject to compliance with various conditions and directions in terms of detailed judgement to follow and as per the law”.
While disposing of the petition challenging the project, filed by activist K N Somashekar, the bench also said that since expert member of the tribunal Ranjan Chatterjee is demitting office on October 8, the operative portion of the decision has been announced now. A detailed order would follow, it said.
Somashekar had challenged the project in Chennai bench of the National Green Tribunal and subsequently, on their plea, it was shifted to Principal bench in Delhi.
The petitioner alleged that the project work was started by the Karnataka government without obtaining required permission from various statutory bodies, which is mandatory since the project is coming up in ecologically sensitive Western Ghats.Yettinahole Phase I gets green panel approval
Alleging that the project would result in largescale destruction of forest, they said it would have negative impact on the environment. The project also envisages diversion of 24 tmc feet water from the Netravathi river.
Dismissing these allegations, the state government said drinking water project does not require forest and environment clearance. Moreover, only after conducting a detailed study on water availability, the project was initiated.
Under the project, the state government proposes to lift water from Netravathi river at Yettinahole and supply it to the parched districts of Tumakuru, Chikkaballapura and Kolar.The water would also fill up 527 tanks during the rainy season to meet irrigation needs of farmers.
Speaking to reporters, Somashekar said after studying the detailed order, they would decide on appealing against the NGT order in the Supreme Court.
2 petitions pending
Two more petitions filed by Kishore Kumar and Purushotham Chitrapura, alleging that the project would adversely affect people living in lower riparian areas of the river and that the state government had not studied its environmental impact are pending before the green panel bench headed by Justice Swatanter Kumar.
The ballot initiative for a one-cent sales tax has passed 401 to 125.
Ward 1: 53 for, 21 against
Ward 2: 102 for, 32 against
Ward 3: 59 for, 14 against
Ward 4: 55 for, 25 against
Early vote: 132 for, 33 against
Malvern Mayor Brenda Weldon estimates the tax will take effect 90 days after certification.
UNION — Persons interested in better serving God and improving their knowledge and understanding of Their Word will have the opportunity to do so when the Believer's Institute For Biblical Studies offers classes this winter at Welcome Baptist Church.
The Believer's Institute was founded in 1969 as a correspondence study under the direction of Dr. Edward McAbee. On March 6, 2000 the first on-campus classes were held in Gaffney, S.C. with a Bachelor of Biblical Studies degree being offered. In the Winter semester of 2006, the Master of Biblical Studies program was opened for those who want to further their education. In 2013, the institute was moved from Gaffney to Welcome Baptist Church at 206 Nichols Avenue, Union.
The Winter Semester begins January 9, 2017 at 6 p.m. The courses offered will be:
• Prayer/Faith
• Historical Books II
• James
Teaching Staff
• Dr. Robert Jarvis, Th.B., M.B.S., Th.D. (President), is a graduate of Trinity Baptist Bible College in Asheville, N.C. They earned their Master of Biblical Studies Degree from the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies and their Doctorate from Andersonville Theological Seminary. They studied two years in the Engineering program of the University of North Carolina in Asheville. They taught for four years at Calvary Baptist Bible Institute in Greenwood. They have pastored Welcome Baptist Church in Union, South Carolina since 1995.
• Pastor Lee Franklin, A.B.S., M.B.S., earned an Associate of Biblical Studies degree from Andersonville Theological Seminary in Camilla, Georgia and a Master of Biblical Studies Degree from the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies. They served as the Youth Director for Welcome Baptist Church in Union, South Carolina from 2006 to 2012. They now serves as the pastor of Glory Baptist Church in Buffalo.
• Pastor Joey Wampler, B.A., M.B.S.(Instructor), is a graduate of Victory Baptist College in North Augusta, S.C., attended Fruitland Baptist Bible Institute, and has received their Master of Biblical Studies Degree from the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies. They served as Music Director of Northside Baptist Church in Gaffney under the direction of Dr. McAbee from 1999- 2003. They were pastored of New Hope Baptist Church in Spartanburg, S.C. from 2003-2008. They now pastor Resurrection Baptist Church in Cowpens, S.C.
Degrees Offered
• Associate of Biblical Studies: This degree is granted upon the completion of 18 courses in the degree program. All requirements must be met for each course.
• Bachelor of Biblical Studies: This degree is granted upon the completion of 36 courses in the degree program. All requirements must be met for each course.
• Master of Biblical Studies: This degree is granted upon the successful completion of 54 courses in the degree program, the Standardized Bible Content Tests, and a thesis paper. All requirements for these must be met.
Program
The school year consists of Winter, Spring, and Fall semesters. Classes are set up on a six year rotating schedule, therefore students who want to earn a degree may enroll in the institute at the beginning of any semester. Classes are held on Monday nights from 6-9:30 p.m. Each Monday night consists of three class periods, a break time with snacks, and often a chapel service. Each Spring a graduation service will be held and degrees will be given to students who have met the requirements.
The school is located at Welcome Baptist Church at 206 Nichols Avenue in Union.
More information can be found at their website: www.bibsonline.org, or by calling 864-427-3390.
Photo courtesy of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies The winter semester of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies will begin Jan. 9 at 6 p.m. Classes will be held at Welcome Baptist Church in the Fellowship Hall. http://uniondailytimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/web1_thumbnail_fellowship-hall.jpg Photo courtesy of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies The winter semester of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies will begin Jan. 9 at 6 p.m. Classes will be held at Welcome Baptist Church in the Fellowship Hall.
Classes at Welcome Baptist Church
Special to The Union Times
This story courtesy of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies.
This story courtesy of the Believer's Institute for Biblical Studies.
“In this day and age, I have to wonder why we support big international AIDS conferences happening in places that bar anyone,” said Ayala, executive director of the Global Forum on MSM (Men who have Sex with Men) & HIV.
AIDS and the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) that causes it are far more prevalent in many countries, especially in Sub-Saharan Africa, than in the United States. Almost 19 percent of people ages 15 to 49 in South Africa are infected with HIV, as are more than 20 percent in some neighboring countries.
In the U.S., prevalence among the same demographic group hovers around a half of 1 percent — although that masks some stark disparities. Last year, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention projected that 1 in 2 black men in the U.S. who have sex with men were at risk of contracting HIV. Globally, nearly 37 million people are living with HIV.
Ayala and other critics of the Bay Area location raise broader questions about the cost and frequency of a biennial event they say is enormously expensive and often excludes the very people it purports to represent.
The organizers of the conference and others who support the decision to bring it to the Bay Area say they understand these worries.
“Travel restrictions to the U.S. remain a significant concern for us,” said Mandy Sugrue, spokesperson for the International AIDS Society, which organizes the conference.
“Where is our commitment to actually holding the conference where the most people are impacted?” “Where is our commitment to actually holding the conference where the most people are impacted?”
However, Sugrue and other proponents of a San Francisco-Oakland conference venue argue that the politically liberal Bay Area offers a perfect platform for rebuking the Trump administration's exclusionary immigration policies and its perceived retreat from leadership on AIDS policy.
In December, the administration fired all remaining members of the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS, six months after a half-dozen others had resigned in protest. Trump officials have also proposed cutting national HIV/AIDS spending by more than $100 million and reducing the U.S. contribution to global funding by more than $1 billion.
“If there is any place in the U.S. where people can come and protest and rise up and have their voices heard … Oakland is it,” said Cynthia Carey-Grant, executive director of the Oakland-based group Women Organized to Respond to Life-Threatening Disease. They penned a statement in support of the conference location that has been signed by nearly a dozen individuals and groups.
Carey-Grant believes the contrast between upscale, predominantly white San Francisco and its decidedly poorer neighbor across the Bay offers a window on the disparities that pervade AIDS treatment and funding around the world – to the detriment of low-income communities of color.
Sofia Tobar, a 50-year-old transgender woman from Oakland who was diagnosed with HIV in 1998, said the conference is an opportunity “for Oakland's diverse humans to embrace people from other countries … and to also highlight what we're lacking.”  They are especially interested in speaking out against federal cuts to AIDS services and violence targeting the transgender community, they said.
Others say they are eager to honor San Francisco's long history of battling AIDS.
Joe Hollendoner, CEO of San Francisco AIDS Foundation, noted that the conference organizers have secured use of the Moscone Center, the central conference venue, free of charge. They will use the money they save to help more people attend, they said. Their foundation, along with the San Francisco Travel Association, led the committee that submitted the successful conference bid.
The planners of the International AIDS Conference usually try to alternate venues between affluent and lower-income countries. The conference was last held in the United States in 2012 in Washington, D.C. In 2014, it was in Melbourne, Australia, and in 2016, in Durban, South Africa. This year, the conference will be in Amsterdam.
“Travel restrictions to the U.S. remain a significant concern for us." “Travel restrictions to the U.S. remain a significant concern for us."
Conference organizers said they reached out to a number of lower-income countries to host the 2020 conference, but none submitted a bid. As many as 20,000 people, perhaps more, are expected to attend the conference — and many cities cannot accommodate such a large gathering, they said. Sugrue, the International AIDS Society spokesperson, said they are not considering changing the venue.
They said the location of major conference donors was not a factor in the 2020 venue decision.
Gilead Sciences Inc., which is based 20 miles from San Francisco and makes many HIV drugs, including the HIV prevention drug Truvada, is one of the top sponsors of this year's conference, as it was in 2016. Other big industry donors are not located in the Bay Area, including Johnson & Johnson, Merck and ViiV Healthcare, which specializes in HIV drugs. Funding for the 2020 conference has not yet been confirmed, Sugrue said.
Naina Khanna, the executive director of the Oakland-based Positive Women's Network, said the fact that no developing countries submitted a bid isn't enough to assuage their concern for the people who will likely be excluded. Khanna helped draft a separate statement demanding that the conference be relocated outside the U.S. More than 100 organizations and nearly as many individuals have signed the statement.
“Where is our commitment to actually holding the conference where the most people are impacted?” asked Ruth Morgan Thomas, global coordinator of the Global Network of Sex Work Projects, which includes 305 organizations representing sex workers in 85 countries.
Prior to the Washington, D.C., conference, the U.S. had lifted a ban on people with HIV entering the country, and many were hopeful that similar prohibitions against sex workers and drug users would also end. But they didn't, and sex workers scrambled to organize a parallel conference in Kolkata, India, Morgan Thomas said. Drug users convened one in Kiev.
Khanna, of the Positive Women's Network, said that the high cost of accommodations in the Bay Area will also make the conference inaccessible to many people within the United States — especially low-income African-Americans in the South, who are disproportionately burdened with the virus.
Marsha Martin, coordinating director of the Global Network of Black People Working in HIV, said they would have been happy had Bangkok or South America or even Atlanta been chosen to host the conference. “But if venues don't submit bids, there's nothing to do about it,” they said. So she's treating the Bay Area conference as an opportunity to grapple with the big disparities in AIDS funding and to reinvigorate efforts in the U.S. to combat the disease.
“If we do bring it [to the Bay Area] and make it the best conference we can make it, then we win,” Martin said. “We show the world we are not giving up.”
California Healthline is published by Kaiser Health News (KHN), a nonprofit news service covering health issues. KHN is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation, which is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
DAKAR, Senegal — The World Food Program says five people were hurt when a small plane with its humanitarian service was involved in an accident during takeoff from a remote airstrip in Congo's Kasai region.
A United Nations statement on Wednesday says two crew members and three passengers sustained minor injuries in the accident in Kamonia.
It gives no further details, saying the cause of the crash will be investigated.
The statement says the five people have been taken to a local medical facility and a helicopter and plane have been mobilized to take them to the capital, Kinshasa for further treatment.
Since 1831, 14 members of Congress have been killed and and about a dozen wounded.
Since 1831, 14 members of Congress have been killed and and about a dozen wounded.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the victims of gunfire Wednesday at a baseball field in Alexandria, VA. GOP lawmakers and staff were practicing for a charity baseball game.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the victims of gunfire Wednesday at a baseball field in Alexandria, VA. GOP lawmakers and staff were practicing for a charity baseball game.
The shooting of a top House Republican drew concern and outrage from across the political spectrum Wednesday, but also sparked debate about gun violence in the United States.
The shooting of a top House Republican drew concern and outrage from across the political spectrum Wednesday, but also sparked debate about gun violence in the United States.
Lawmakers are returning to the Capitol and, they hope, to some semblance of normalcy a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
Lawmakers are returning to the Capitol and, they hope, to some semblance of normalcy a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game.
Survivors of the 2011 mass shooting in Arizona at an event hosted by former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords say the recent attack on lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia shows how vitriolic political discourse has become.
Survivors of the 2011 mass shooting in Arizona at an event hosted by former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords say the recent attack on lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia shows how vitriolic political...
(St. Clair County Illinois Sheriff's Department via AP). This 2006 photo provided by the St. Clair County, Ill., Sheriff's Department shows James T. Hodgkinson. Officials said Hodgkinson has been identified as the man who opened fire on Republican lawm...
(Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat, via AP). FILE - In this April 17, 2012, photo, James Hodgkinson of Belleville protests outside of the United States Post Office in Downtown Belleville, Ill. A government official says the suspect in the Virgini...
(FBI via AP). This poster released by the FBI asks for information on James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Ill. Police believe that Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday, June 14, 2017 in Alexandria...
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson). Law enforcement talk while investigating outside the home of James T. Hodgkinson on Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Belleville, Ill. Officials said Hodgkinson has been identified as the man who opened fire on Republican lawmakers...
(St. Clair County Illinois Sheriff's Department via AP). This 2006 photo provided by the St. Clair County, Ill., Sheriff's Department shows James T. Hodgkinson. Officials said Hodgkinson has been identified as the man who opened fire on Republican lawm...
By BEN FINLEY and ALANNA DURKIN RICHERAssociated Press
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - The gunman who wounded a top Republican member of congress and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where they kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before they were fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving their southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said they assumed the man was homeless because they wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that they were troubled, Euille said.
"I never saw them get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties," Euille told The Associated Press. "He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought," they said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said they never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a "loner." Brennwald thought it was odd they never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about them but never did, they said.
"There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a member of congress," said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to their torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace their weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while they were in Alexandria.
"We're just not sure at this time" how they spent their time, they said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. They always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
"I didn't like them from the beginning," they said. "Nothing I can really put my finger on, but they were just not a pleasant person."
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said they didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
"I know they aren't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff," the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of their house in southern Illinois.
Their Facebook page shows they were a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on their 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to their local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in their background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that their legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, they were arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking their boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside their house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When they went outside, they saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. They were squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
"I yelled, 'Quit shooting toward the houses,'" Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which they said they were simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
___
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood turns 50
On the eve of what would have been Fred Rogers' 90th birthday, NBC News' Harry Smith takes us back to their neighborhood.
This beautiful new composite image of two colliding galaxies was released by NASA's Great Observatories. The collision between the Antennae galaxies, which are located about 62 million light-years from Earth, began more than 100 million years ago and is still occurring.
Paul Sutter is an astrophysicist at The Ohio State University and the chief scientist at COSI Science Center. Sutter is also host of Ask a Spaceman, RealSpace, and COSI Science Now. Sutter contributed this article to Space.com's Expert Voices: Op-Ed & Insights.
Two galaxies are drawn together by forces they can't see but they can feel. It's a mutual gravitational attraction. It's inevitable: Inch by inch, light-year by light-year, as the cosmic clock ticks on through the eons, the galaxies grow closer.
They can't help it; their motion was set by tiny instabilities billions of years ago that have only grown stronger in the eons since. As they near each other, the galaxies begin to embrace as thin tendrils of gas and stars reaching out through the tenuous medium between them.
Related: When Galaxies Collide: Photos of Great Galactic Crashes
Then, they collide. These two massive structures, each 100,000 light-years across, host hundreds of billions of stars. During the merger, 100 trillion suns' worth of material collide, mix, and ignite.
And what's left after the fireworks? A broken, dim, dying galaxy — one that will never shine as brightly or as fully as it could in the era before the great disaster.
It's a tragic dance, a story told over hundreds of millions of years. And it's one that we only recently began to understand.
The First Simulation
As soon as astronomers realized that there are objects that are separate from our own Milky Way, they observed some galaxies that appeared to be much messier than normal. But it wasn't immediately obvious that galaxies actually do anything as interesting as merge.
After all, this fantastic physical process takes hundreds of millions of years to play out, so the few short decades that we've been observing them simply isn't enough time to watch the drama unfold in real time. For quite a while, astronomers didn't know if galaxies were actively merging or if a fraction of galaxies just looked all weird and gangly and that's the way the universe worked.
Arp 148 is the staggering aftermath of an encounter between two galaxies, resulting in a ring-shaped galaxy and a long-tailed companion. NASA, ESA, the Hubble Heritage (STScI/AURA)-ESA/Hubble Collaboration, and A. Evans (University of Virginia, Charlottesville/NRAO/Stony Brook University)
Simulations ultimately unraveled the mystery of tangled galaxies. But surprisingly, it was not digital simulations that did so; these simulations didn't use a computer.
The year was 1941, and proto-computational-scientist Erik Holmberg wanted to examine the behavior of merging clusters of stars. But they couldn't just manufacture a bunch of stars in the lab and watch them interact gravitationally over millions of years.
So Holmberg got clever. To represent a galaxy, they arranged a couple dozen lamps. Each lamp stood in for trillions of solar masses of stars, gas, dust and other assorted members of the galactic milieu. Then, they related the brightness of each lamp to the gravitational attraction of that galaxy chunk; the more massive the chunk, the brighter the lamp.
Holmberg proceeded to measure the total amount of light falling on each lamp from all of the others. This was proportional to the gravitational force from the other parts of the galaxy. This trick worked because both light and gravity follow the same inverse-square relationship: If the distance from a source doubles, both the strength of gravity and the intensity of light drop to a quarter of the original. Holmberg could then rearrange each lamp step-by-step based on the measured "gravitational pull" of the surrounding lamps.
A Tale of Tidal Tails
In this very crude and simplistic way, Holmberg could step through the eons, watching the interplay of two galaxies as they mixed and mingled via gravity. And they saw an interesting feature: An "arm" of stars reached out between the galaxies as they drew near, with a "counterarm" appearing on the opposite side of each galaxy. While the results were intriguing, they didn't have the computational horsepower to investigate further.
It wasn't until the 1970s that two brothers, Alar and Juri Toomre, revisited the issue. Using actual computers to simulate the behavior of merging galaxies, they found the smoking gun: When two galaxies merge, the gravitational interactions raise "tidal tails" of gas and stars — long, thin ropes of material flung outward from the tight embrace of the spiral arms over the course of the merger event. These simulated tails looked almost exactly like pictures of intriguing objects such as the Antennae galaxies.
The picture was clear: Galaxies merge, collide and mingle. And when they do, they get ripped apart.
The Fireworks
The force of gravity is enough to distort the shapes of galaxies as they encounter one another. But galaxies themselves are mostly (relatively) empty space. Stars are just tiny little dots compared to the enormous volumes of space within a galaxy. When you think of these beasts colliding, don't imagine a car crash. Instead, think of two swarms of bees mixing together.
But even though the stars will generally miss each other, there can still be fireworks. Galaxies contain untold tons of gas and dust that are floating around, doing no harm, living uneventfully as nebulas.
Those nebulas can persist for ages, but if given a kick — say, from a nearby supernova shock wave or, in a more relevant example, the complex gravitational interactions as two galaxies fly through each other — they can start to collapse in on themselves, fragmenting and condensing to form a new batch of stars.
When two galaxies are merging, the star formation rate ramps up to 10 times its normal pace. In a cosmic flash, billions of new stars are born. For a brief moment, astronomically speaking, the merged galaxy will be brighter than ever before.
But all that dazzle comes at a cost. If left alone, the galaxies could keep on quietly churning out new stars year after year, sipping on their precious gaseous reserves. But the chaos of the collision forces them to use up precious supplies too quickly. Billions of new stars are born, most of them massive, only to die off shortly after the merger.
Related: Apollo 17 Photos Spotlight Man's Last Trip to the Moon
And the final result of these mergers? Grand design spiral patterns ripped to shreds. Simple flat disk tangled into a misshapen lump. A vibrant mix of old and young stars burned up with only the faint embers — dying, cool, red dwarfs — left.
Irregular galaxies, full of nothing but dim, red stars, are the leftovers of these great cosmic collisions. It's the price paid for a moment of intergalactic glory.
Learn more by listening to the episode "What happens when galaxies collide?" on the Ask A Spaceman podcast, available on iTunes and on the web at http://www.askaspaceman.com. Thanks to Jamal and Danny N. for the questions that led to this piece! Ask your own question on Twitter using #AskASpaceman or by following Paul @PaulMattSutter and facebook.com/PaulMattSutter.
Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:08 Lorenzo Carter is excited for Dominick Sanders to return for senior season
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:15 Department of Labor: 'Overtime - it's about time'
Plans have finally been submitted for a new village hall in Ropsley after a 15 year fundraising campaign.
Plans have finally been submitted for a new village hall in Ropsley after a 15 year fundraising campaign.
The move follows a £495,000 Big Lottery Fund grant, received just before Christmas.
Villagers still have a “six figure” sum to find before they can start work on the scheme, but they hope they can raise the cash by the year end, with the building open a year later.
The application said the existing hall on Braceby Road was built in the 1940s and is not fit for purpose.
Ropsley and Humby parish, plus the surrounding villages, have seen a growing population.
A ‘needs survey' also said a larger hall could allow more varied use by residents, with the hall being able to stage more than one event at the same time. The new hall, costed at £860,000, would be built alongside the existing hall, which would then be demolished.
The application said refurbishing and extending the existing hall would mean the hall closing, which would cost the hall money, especially if clubs and societies moved out and did not return. Therefore, a new hall remained ‘the only viable option.'
Hall committee member Paul Mason said the committee hopes the application can be determined by the end of next month. Extra funding was still needed to fund the hall, but several further applications for funds were still with funders and trusts but it was a complex process.
They added: “The Big Lottery will not allow building to commence until all the funding is secured. We are very keen to hear about potential funders and would welcome any suggestions.”
Paul Mason can be contacted on 01476-585729.
Orioles, Mets reportedly talking Matt Harvey trade
Matt Harvey appears to be on the trade block, and it sounds like the Baltimore Orioles might be legitimate trade partners.
The Athletic's Ken Rosenthal reported on Monday that the New York Mets have had discussions with the Orioles about Harvey, with Baltimore reportedly considering swapping a reliever for the starter.
#Orioles discussing trading a reliever for #Mets' Harvey, sources tell The Athletic. Brach ($5.2M) and Harvey ($5.9M) have similar arb projections per @mlbtraderumors. Both entering FA years. O'Day owed $9M each of next two seasons. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) December 11, 2017
The Mets have also had talks with the Texas Rangers about a Harvey for Jurickson Profar trade.
Matt Harvey for Jurickson Profar has been discussed. Nothing firm. — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) December 11, 2017
Harvey is entering the final year of team control, and he's coming off two bad seasons. Their injury-plagued 2017 saw them put up a 6.70 ERA. It doesn't really make a lot of sense for the Mets to push for a Harvey trade if they're seeking a quality return, but if they don't really see them staying beyond 2018, it might make sense to try to grab a useful piece or a reclamation project in return.
For what it's worth, general manager Sandy Alderson said at the end of the season that they didn't envision Harvey leaving this offseason. Still, things change, and anything can happen.
Transcript for Dead man's finger used in effort to unlock phone by police
Nate can only come out there in Barnett are. March. A mother so upset their son line is still up killed by Largo police on Friday detectives say the initially approached him. Because of illegal dark tint on their car but then they smelled marijuana. It's. Now what happens big to rear Armstrong the mother of their two children visibly shaken by the betrayal of their longtime love my son is not. Longer to grow up and father. Are games. And make my daughter aren't he's not here anymore because the events. And they're just slander and you name it seems. Awful birth. The family is demanding video police just telling us today. Video from the wall why did not capture the honor only officers giving Philip CPR. But there was no denial of the existence of India's defense that's the first I've heard. And then another bombshell the family claiming that detectives. Gil legally use their dead loved one's finger to access their phone at the funeral home. So they're allowed to pull them out of the refrigerator and use a dead man's finger. To try to get. Into their phone. This is disgusting.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
On Thursday, the president's oldest son is scheduled to speak at a fundraiser for Faulkner University, a private Christian college in Montgomery, Alabama, that offers degrees in everything from Bible Studies to biochemistry.
The Faulkner speech is the latest in a string of paid appearances Donald Trump Jr. has made or will make since their father clinched the Republican nomination — events in foreign countries and at public and private schools for which they will be paid as much as $100,000.
Their speaking career predates their father's candidacy, but the optics changed when their father became the GOP candidate and then president. Trump Jr. is no longer just a real estate executive with a famous dad, but someone with access to the Oval Office. All their business deals and sources of income — including paid speeches — are being scrutinized for potential ethics violations, and for attempts by outside parties to influence the president.
Post-inauguration, Trump Jr. has given at least one paid speech in the UAE, where the Trump Organization has done significant business.  They are also of interest to Special Counsel Robert Mueller's Russia investigation because of a 2016 meeting between Trump campaign staff and Russians initiated by one of their business contacts.
Trump Jr. does not work in or for the White House, so their speaking engagements don't violate the law.
Donald Trump Jr. is interviewed by host Sean Hannity on the Fox News Channel in New York on July 11, 2017. Richard Drew / AP file
“The paid speeches do not break any laws, but create a risk of Trump's children getting unethical benefits from their father's role as president,” said Noah Bookbinder, the executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. “They also open the possibility of foreign governments using access to Trump's children as a way to influence U.S. policy.”
Talent agency All American Speakers Bureau, which has worked with Trump Jr. in booking speaking engagements, listed their starting fee at $50,001 on the agency's website. Since NBC News first contacted the agency several weeks ago, the company has removed their profile from its site. A junior staffer said the agency had received about a dozen inquiries during the past few years about hiring Trump for speeches, but would not say how many contracts had been completed. Senior staffers did not respond to requests for comment.
Related: Mueller Team Asking If Trump Tried to Hide Purpose of Trump Tower Meeting
Trump Jr.'s next stop is the University of North Texas, which is paying them $100,000 to deliver the keynote at the UNT Kuehne Speaker Series, which raises money to support National Merit Scholars.
Norman Eisen, a former White House ethics lawyer, says the potential for conflict of interest rises when “entities being regulated by the federal government, such as public and private universities, are paying substantial sums to a presidential son who is known to be in regular contact with their father.”
Talent agency All American Speakers, which has worked with Trump Jr. in booking speaking engagements, listed their starting fee at $50,001 on the agency's website. The company removed their profile from its site in recent weeks. All American Speakers
'He Needs to Be Careful'
During the 2016 campaign, Bill and Hillary Clinton faced intense criticism from political rivals, conservatives and ethics experts for mixing high-paid speaking gigs with their work for the Clinton Foundation. Critics said corporations or foreign governments donating money to the Foundation or paying for speeches were paying for access and influence.
When Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, money paid to their husband for their speeches or donations to the Foundation could be seen as a conflict of interest. After they left the State Department, payments to the Foundation or to either Clinton for speeches could be interpreted as attempts to curry favor with a future president.
Trump seized on the message, accusing the Clintons of a pay-to-play scheme in which they were auctioning off U.S. foreign policy to enrich themselves and their family charity.
Peter Schweizer, author of "Clinton Cash," a highly critical book on how the Clintons earned millions of dollars, has acknowledged multiple times to NBC News that there was no quid pro quo found on any supposed arrangement between Hillary Clinton, their State Department, Bill Clinton and the Foundation.
“As a former president, Bill Clinton deserved a very robust speaking fee, but they should not have substantially increased it after Hillary became secretary of state,” said Richard Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota and a former White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush. “But I've never seen members of a current president's family cash in like the Trumps.”
Donald Trump Jr. hugs their father as Donald Jr.'s wife Vanessa walks past at the 2016 Republican National Convention on July 21, 2016 in Cleveland. Mike Segar / Reuters File
President Trump, meanwhile, has been doing business around the world for many years. They have licensing and management agreements in multiple foreign countries, golf courses in two, and met Russian oligarchs while pursuing failed real estate deals in Moscow and staging the 2013 Miss Universe pageant there. Donald Trump Jr. has been to Russia many times in search of business opportunities and their brother Eric said in 2014 that the Trump Organization gets “all the funding we need out of Russia” for golf-course projects.
Investigators for Robert Mueller, the ex-FBI director appointed to head a probe into any ties between Russia and the Trump campaign, have taken an interest in a meeting between Russians and Trump staffers that was arranged by a Trump Jr. acquaintance, music publicist Rob Goldstone. Goldstone, who had met Trump Jr. on a golf course in Florida several years earlier, emailed Trump Jr. telling them that a Russian real estate developer and pop star who knew the Trumps, Emin Agalarov, was offering the campaign information from a Russian prosecutor that would incriminate Hillary Clinton.
“ I've never seen members of a current president's family cash in like the Trumps.”
Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and Trump Jr. attended the resulting June 2016 Trump Tower meeting, as did Russian attorney Natalia Veselnitskaya and former Soviet intelligence officer Rinat Akhmetshin.
“Given their father's position and recent history with the Russia investigation, they need to be careful to avoid the appearance of conflicts, ethics issues and improper dealings with foreign countries and in any situation,” said Bookbinder. “You don't want people questioning if decisions were being made because the president's son is being paid.”
Prior to their inauguration, President-elect Trump resigned from 400 different Trump businesses and turned over the day-to-day management of their empire to Donald Jr. and Eric, vowing that as president they would “in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.” The sons, in turn, said they would not be involved in the administration.
But even with the turnover, ethics experts say the Trump family continues to blur the lines between the Trump business empire and the business of the U.S. government.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Jr.: Worth Hearing Dirt on Clinton During Meeting with Russian Lawyer 1:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“What we have not seen is a single representation that Trump or the Trump family has made, which has proven to be a legitimate effort to avoid conflict. At this point, all money flowing into the Trump family is tainted, and as a group they are bound and determined to open every conceivable pipeline for those that wish to curry favor,” said Steven L. Schooner, a law professor at George Washington University specializing in public service ethics. “And it appears that the boys are the primary conduits for seeking new sources of income.”
The president now faces numerous lawsuits over allegedly violating a constitutional clause that forbids government officials from accepting payments and gifts from foreign governments, which raises the question of whether the president is allowed to continue collecting profits from a global Trump brand.
The sons, meanwhile, took a business trip soon after the inauguration that raised questions. Just weeks after their father moved into the White House, Trump Jr. and their brother Eric flew to Dubai to celebrate the newest addition to the Trump empire, a development that features a nearly $10,000-a-year membership golf course.
The opening was celebrated with a lavish party that included speeches by both Trump sons and a grand display of fireworks over the golf course. The Trumps partnered with DAMAC Properties in Dubai, a publicly-listed company chaired by Emirati billionaire Hussain Sajwani, to build the property.
The Dubai project was the first new business launch for the Trump Organization since the inauguration and has been frequently pointed to by ethics experts as an example of the family's inability to separate business from government. Because their father was president at the time, the sons were accompanied by Secret Service agents and the government had to foot the bill for their hotel rooms, which topped $16,000.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Jr. Hires Lawyer Amid Spotlight on Meeting with Russian Lawyer 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In May, Trump Jr. was back in the desert kingdom to talk business with Sajwani, whose Instagram account featured a picture of them with Trump Jr. at a table full of French fries and Middle Eastern food. “It was great having my dear friend and business partner Donald Trump Jr. over for lunch. Discussing new ideas and innovation always makes our meetings more interesting.”
That same week, Trump Jr. delivered the commencement speech for 440 graduates at the American University in Dubai, a private institution that credits H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the vice president and prime minister of the UAE, as one of its biggest supporters.
They told the graduates that armed with their education and professional relationships their “opportunities now are boundless.”
The university did not dispute that they were paid for the appearance, but would not disclose how much. “AUD respects the confidentiality of such matters and cannot disclose this information,” said Maya Amiouny, the chief financial officer of the university, via email.
“He's a citizen and can say what they want, but they have to make it clear that they are not functioning as a White House policy representative and not welcoming people who want to use them to get access to the president,” said Painter.
Faulkner University, where Trump Jr. speaks Thursday night, won't disclose their fee for the speech. Sponsorships for the fundraising dinner, which like the University of North Texas, has featured speakers Rudy Giuliani and George W. Bush in the past, can go for up to $40,000.
A spokesperson for the school, Rebecca Burylo, said the annual event “is always an excellent opportunity, not only to hear a wonderful speaker in Donald Trump Jr. but to celebrate Faulkner University with Montgomery and the surrounding area.”
Trump Jr.'s next paid speech, at the University of North Texas, is scheduled for Oct. 24. Over the years, the school's Kuehne Speaker Series has brought in a long line of well-known former government and military officials, including Rudy Giuliani, a two-term mayor of New York City and Gen. Michael Hayden, the former director of two U.S. intelligence agencies.
“As a public university that supports the expression of differing points of view as part of the educational process,” said a university spokesperson, “UNT offers a variety of lecture series and events, and welcomes speakers who represent all viewpoints, including conservative, liberal and progressive political beliefs as well as all positions in between.”
The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday that UNT's president, Neal Smatresk, wrote in emails to faculty members that they had tried to block the Trump Jr. speech. “I am trying to stop it, but it isn't an easy thing,” they wrote in August to a professor.
A person familiar with the matter said Smatresk did express concern about the event triggering negative backlash.
Brint Ryan, the chief executive officer of Ryan LLC, a tax advisory firm based in Dallas and the chairperson of the UNT System Board of Regents, is the presenting sponsor for this season's series event. Ryan's firm is donating enough to cover Trump Jr.'s $100,000 fee. Ryan was first introduced to the Trumps last year when they were invited to meet with then-candidate Trump and Steve Mnuchin a few months before the election to discuss their views on tax reform at a lunch at Trump's home in Beverly Hills. At the time, Mnuchin, now treasury secretary, was advising the campaign. After the election, Ryan met Trump Jr. at a Republican fundraiser in Dallas, where the candidate's son was the keynote speaker.
“He did a really good talk that night and that's when I got the idea they might be a possible lecture series speaker,” said Ryan.
Since 2016, the Kuehne series has raised $1.65 million in funds that help support student scholarships. Ryan hopes to raise more than $300,000 in scholarship funds this year and says the controversy around the president's son will only generate more interest, sell more seats and raise more money.
“We have sold more sponsorships than we have ever sold and we will set a record for this event,” said Ryan.
The Trump Organization declined to comment.
Employees of Amazon protest in front of German publisher Axel Springer's headquarters, where CEO Jeff Bezos is to be presented with an award for their "visionary entrepreneurship" in online business and digitalization strategy at the Washington Post, in Berlin, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The new leader of one of Germany's governing parties says they plan to join a protest against working conditions at Amazon during a visit by company CEO Jeff Bezos to Berlin. Andrea Nahles, the chairperson of the center-left Social Democrats, argued that Amazon's tax practices and working conditions aren't worthy of a prize. Markus Schreiber AP Photo
By MacDonald Dzirutwe | Reuters |
Zimbabwe should press on with transparent and fair land reform, Britain said on Friday, as Harare's new leaders look to overhaul policies that evicted thousands of white farmers without compensation.
Under former president Robert Mugabe, authorities carried out often violent seizures of white-owned farms in a bid to address what they called injustices during British colonial rule.
But new President Emmerson Mnangagwa – keen to boost the economy and mend ties with countries that imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe – has said they want to end discrimination between black and white farmers and is working to compensate those who lost their properties.
Britain's Minister of State for Africa, Harriet Baldwin, said they discussed the land issue with Mnangagwa in Harare on Friday.
“Obviously the UK government very much welcomes the statements that have been made about land reform by the government of Zimbabwe and we support a transparent and fair and mediated process around that,” Baldwin told reporters.
“It's also something which is very important as a signal to international investors and so it's important and we welcome the fact that the president has made a commitment in terms of continuing with that process.”
Zimbabwe sees mending relations with former colonial ruler Britain as a critical step towards re-establishing ties with the West and international financial institutions.
LEASES, TRIBUNAL
Under Mugabe, the government argued that it would only pay for buildings and equipment on farms but not the land, which it said had been expropriated from locals during the colonial era.
Mugabe, who was forced to step down after a de facto military coup in November, argued that Britain should pay compensation for the land because the farmers were its “kith and kin”.
When asked whether Britain would help pay the farmers, Baldwin said they welcomed “the statements that the president has made on that front”. They did not elaborate.
Land ownership is a highly sensitive topic in Zimbabwe. Colonialists seized some of the best agricultural land and much of it remained in the hands of white farmers after independence in 1980, while many blacks were landless.
The government has said it will issue 99-year leases to white farmers, according to a government circular.
Earlier this month a government document showed that Zimbabwe was considering establishing a special tribunal to determine the value of compensation and how to pay it to white farmers who have lost land since 2000.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A three-week-old baby girl died after a car crash in South Croydon last year in which their mother became distracted when their sat-nav fell from the windscreen, an inquest has heard.
Ruth Kareem-Komolafe died in St George's Hospital on Friday, July 1, 2016, the day after their parents' Honda Jazz collided with a lorry at a notorious accident blackspot on Coombe Lane.
They had been in the back of the car in the arms of their father Adeniyi, after they took them out of their car seat to try and calm them when they started “hysterically” crying, when the car went fully over the white lines of the road into the path of an oncoming lorry.
At the time of the crash, Ruth was being taken to be registered at a doctor' that their parents hadn't been to before as they had recently moved to New Addington.
They were heading towards New Addington, having just been into Croydon to register Ruth's birth.
Coroner Selena Lynch, who recorded a verdict of death by road traffic collision, concluded that they died from severe head injuries at 2.15am in hospital as a result of the collision at 12.30pm the previous day.
Addressing the parents, Ms Lynch said: “What an absolute tragedy for your family. It was something that happens to people every day. It's a common occurrence for many who use portable satellite navigation devices, it can be a distraction and it's so unfortunate how it happened.
“At about 12.30pm, Ruth was in the arms of their father in the rear seat of a car driven by their mother. As the vehicle approached a left hand bend they became distracted by the sat-nav falling from the windscreen and failed to negotiate the bend, crashing into an oncoming vehicle.”
The inquest heard from Metropolitan Police collision investigator PC Jeremy Archer that the car was travelling up the hill around a left hand bend just past the Royal Russell School turn-off at the time of the crash.
PC Archer stated that when they arrived the body of the car was generally intact with the front right wing of the vehicle suffering the brunt of the damage.
They said “the sat-nav was dangling by the driver's footwell” and added that “the skid marks show the car was by the white line of the other side of the road before impact” while stating that the lorry was doing 33mph just before the crash and “was almost stationary” at the time of impact.
Ruth's mum, Lutando Kareem-Komolafe, of Dunley Drive, New Addington, told the inquest: “It was stuck on the windscreen with a push-sucker, I just sort of reacted to it. I just remember in that moment I looked down and there was the lorry in front of me.”
A statement from Mr Kareem-Komolafe was read by senior investigation officer DC Phil O'Connor.
It explained that Ruth had been crying hysterically.
The statement said: “I took Ruth out of the car seat to comfort them as they were crying and coughing. I was wearing a seat belt but took it off to care for Ruth as they were really distressed.
“I didn't see the sat-nav [fall] as Ruth was distressed and I was focused on them I was knocked out, the last [time] I saw them they were being carried into the ambulance. I just don't understand what happened, they were in my arms but then I don't know what happened after the collision.”
The inquest, held in Croydon, heard how when the mother came to, they found Ruth had been thrown into the footwell at the rear of the car, behind the front passenger seat.
Ms Lynch added at the end of the hearing: “You were doing what parents do but taking a child out of their seat makes them so vulnerable. I know you two were both injured, I hope you both made a full recovery.
“I'm so sorry for your loss, I hope in time you both put the distress of that day out of your mind and remember your time with Ruth. I hope you forgive yourselves for what happened.”
The road's notorious history
The death of baby Ruth Kareem-Komolafe was the fourth fatality on the stretch of road between Lloyd Park and Gravel Hill in four years.
At the time of the crash no other stretch of road in the borough had witnessed as many fatal collisions in that time, according to Department for Transport data.
On Easter Sunday in 2015, Abdi Aziz Adam Jama, a moped rider, died after crashing into a wall just yards from last year's fatal collision.
Abdullah Bakar, a 48-year-old father-of-seven of St James's Road, in Croydon, died after their broken down Vauxhall Zafira left the road while being towed by an AA van near the entrance to Coombe Lodge in October 2013.
The coroner ruled in that case that Mr Bakar may have had a “momentary lapse of concentration” as they steered their vehicle behind the tow bar.
That inquest heard the AA van had not been speeding and was in no way to blame for the fatal crash.
Investigators had ruled out almost everything other than Mr Bakar failing to negotiate the road's winding bends.
On March 7, 2013, a pensioner died in a collision at the junction of Coombe Road and Melville Avenue.
NEW YORK — Iran's top diplomat warned the Trump administration on Tuesday that a U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises, telling The Associated Press that Iran would “most likely” abandon the deal as well.
In a wide-ranging interview, Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said their country would no longer be bound by international obligations imposed as part of the landmark 2015 accord, freeing up Iran to resume enrichment far beyond the deal's strict limits. They said any move by President Donald Trump to re-impose sanctions lifted under the deal would “amount to basically killing the deal.”
“If the United States were to withdraw from the nuclear deal, the immediate consequence in all likelihood would be that Iran would reciprocate and withdraw,” Zarif said. They added: “There won't be any deal for Iran to stay in.”
As Trump prepares for a high-stakes summit with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un aimed at resolving nuclear weapons concerns, Zarif emphasized that U.S. credibility was at stake. They said Iran would welcome lower tensions on the Korean Peninsula, but that Trump was showing the world that the U.S. is “not a trustworthy, reliable negotiating partner.”
“They're prepared to take everything that you've given, then renege on the promises that they have made in the deal,” Zarif said. “That makes the United States a rather unlikely partner in any international agreement.”
Iran has been working feverishly to frame Trump's expected withdrawal as a major blot on the United States, just as America's closest allies in Europe try to persuade the president not to rip it up. As Zarif spoke in New York on Tuesday, Trump was meeting at the White House with French President Emmanuel Macron, who has been leading an effort by France, Britain and Germany to find “fixes” to the deal that would satisfy Trump's objections.
Few expect such a solution can be found by May 12, the date on which Trump has said he'll leave the deal if there's no fix agreed to with the Europeans. U.S. and European officials say they've made major progress on two of Trump's demands — on nuclear inspections and Iran's ballistic missiles program. But talks have stalemated on Trump's third demand: that the deal be extended in perpetuity, rather than letting restrictions on Tehran to “sunset” after several years.
“No one knows what I'm going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea,” Trump said, referring to Macron. They said if they do withdraw, they would look to see “if it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations.”
In a bleak warning to Tehran, Trump added that if Iran ever threatens the United States, “they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid.”
Iran has outright rejected any changes to the deal, arguing that it's unfair to impose more demands beyond what Tehran agreed to already. Trump's strategy relies on the assumption that if the U.S. and the Europeans unilaterally agree to new demands, Iran will back down and voluntarily comply in order to continue enjoying the benefits. Under the 2015 deal brokered by President Barack Obama and world powers, Iran agreed to nuclear restrictions in exchange for billions in sanctions relief.
And even if a so-called add-on deal with the Europeans is achieved, there is no guarantee it will satisfy Trump. Their closest aides have said they can't predict with certainty what conditions would be enough to keep them in the pact.
Iran has long insisted its nuclear program was peaceful and not oriented toward building weapons. Yet in the interview, Zarif suggested that those concerned that Tehran was racing toward a bomb would have much more to fear if it were no longer bound by limits on its enrichment and processing.
“It would be a completely different situation, from the perspective of those who made a lot of noise about Iran's nuclear program to begin with,” they said.
They also pointed out that if Trump upends the nuclear deal, Iran could also choose to leave the global Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which is aimed at stopping the spread of nuclear weapons. Iran signed that treaty decades ago, and though Zarif said Iran's government isn't advocating an exit, it is “one of the options that is being advocated by some” in Iran.
Zarif spoke to the AP at the official residence of Iran's ambassador to the U.N., alongside Central Park. The top Iranian diplomat is in the United States this week on a long-shot bid to try to salvage the deal, while laying the groundwork for the United States to bear the blame on the global stage if Trump ultimately pulls out.
Addressing the conflict in Yemen, they said Iran is urging “everybody” to stop attacking civilian areas — including the Houthis. The Iran-backed Shiite rebels control much of Yemen and have been lobbing missiles at Saudi Arabia, which is leading a coalition fighting the Houthis with support from the U.S.
The United States and others insist that Iran is illicitly funneling missiles and other weapons to the Houthis, a charge that Tehran has repeatedly denied. U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley has paraded missile parts ostensibly recovered in Saudi Arabia in front of reporters and U.N. Security Council diplomats, arguing that they bear markings and other characteristics proving their Iranian origin.
“I'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating, but somebody is fabricating the evidence they are showing,” Zarif said.
As Trump pushes to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria as soon as possible, Zarif gave no signs that Iran plans to do the same. The Iranian military advisers and Iran-backed Shiite militias aiding Syrian President Bashar Assad are a profound concern for the United States and its closest Mideast ally, Israel.
“We are there as long as that objective needs our presence, and as long as the Syrian government asks us to be there,” Zarif said.
Drugfree Sport NZ says while NZ is relatively clean in terms of sports doping, they are working to make young athletes aware of the dangers. It follows the four year ban of a former high school rugby player who admitted to doping while at school in 2014.
As the player was a Year 12 student, and a minor at the time of offending, they cannot be publicly identified.
A judicial committee heard the case, in which the player was found to have made several purchases of, and used, Clenbuterol in 2014.
Despite the latest findings, Paterson says New Zealand has a history of "competing hard and competing fairly. But you can't rest on our laurels, you've got to work hard to keep the culture right, keep it clean."
Drugfree Sport NZ has established two programs aimed at school aged athletes, and are looking to do more. One was specifically targeted at the Top 4 1st XV finals tournament in 2017, and will happen again this year. It looked at providing education to the young players around what substances were allowed, and the testing processes. CEO Nick Paterson says "some of these guys are going on to greater honours and we've got to set them up right for whatever future they do."
The second program Drugfree Sport NZ run is called 'Good Clean Sport', and is aimed again at the secondary school aged. Paterson describes the program as "talking to them about good values, how to make good decisions and set them up for some good places in life, both in sport and elsewhere."
The two programs have been received well, Paterson estimates around 4000 youth through 80 schools have been reached already, "we can always do more", and expects those numbers to increase this year.
The rugby judicial committee concluded the high school player knew that by taking Clenbuterol it would strengthen their muscular power and make them a stronger player as they pursued a desire to play 1st XV rugby. And for those reasons concluded a reduction in suspension could not be allowed. Paterson there isn't "much scope to do anything different," as the rules are set by the World Anti-Doping code, but admits the suspension "remains quite a significant ban for an individual."
The unnamed player's four year ban from all sport has been backdated to August 2017.
NEW YORK — “Solo: A Star Wars Story” easily topped the Memorial Day weekend box office charts with $103 million from its first four days in theatres, but the pricey and troubled production launch failed to meet the high expectations of industry analysts and the precedent set by the three most recent “Star Wars” films.
“Solo” effectively kicked “Deadpool 2” to second place in its second weekend in theatres, with $53.8 million, while “Avengers: Infinity War” landed in third place in its fifth weekend with $22.4 million.
“Book Club” took fourth place with $13.1 million, and the Melissa McCarthy comedy “Life of the Party” came in fifth with $6.9 million.
The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theatres Friday through Monday, followed by distribution studio, gross, number of theatre locations, average receipts per location, total gross and number of weeks in release, as compiled Tuesday by comScore:
1. “Solo: A Star Wars Story,” Disney, $103,016,812, 4,381 locations, $23,514 average, $103,016,812, 1 Week.
2. “Deadpool 2,” 20th Century Fox, $53,830,329, 4,349 locations, $12,378 average, $218,537,681, 2 Weeks.
3. “Avengers: Infinity War,” Disney, $22,454,542, 3,768 locations, $5,959 average, $627,649,180, 5 Weeks.
4. “Book Club,” Paramount, $13,121,160, 2,810 locations, $4,669 average, $35,329,170, 2 Weeks.
5. “Life Of The Party,” Warner Bros., $6,875,753, 2,937 locations, $2,341 average, $40,860,739, 3 Weeks.
6. “Breaking In,” Universal, $5,500,695, 1,985 locations, $2,771 average, $37,089,350, 3 Weeks.
7. “Show Dogs,” Open Road, $4,330,350, 3,212 locations, $1,348 average, $11,925,075, 2 Weeks.
8. “Overboard,” Lionsgate, $4,138,397, 1,196 locations, $3,460 average, $42,632,810, 4 Weeks.
9. “A Quiet Place,” Paramount, $3,132,531, 1,524 locations, $2,055 average, $180,830,910, 8 Weeks.
10. “RBG,” Magnolia Pictures, $1,726,140, 416 locations, $4,149 average, $6,242,778, 4 Weeks.
11. “Rampage,” Warner Bros., $1,097,390, 688 locations, $1,595 average, $94,192,405, 7 Weeks.
12. “Super Troopers 2,” 20th Century Fox, $653,973, 221 locations, $2,959 average, $29,954,048, 6 Weeks.
13. “I Feel Pretty,” STX Entertainment, $651,320, 551 locations, $1,182 average, $47,818,453, 6 Weeks.
14. “Black Panther,” Disney, $608,991, 440 locations, $1,384 average, $698,745,233, 15 Weeks.
15. “Disobedience,” Bleecker Street, $543,114, 224 locations, $2,425 average, $2,697,188, 5 Weeks.
16. “Pope Francis – A Man Of Their Word,” Focus Features, $444,310, 385 locations, $1,154 average, $1,249,775, 2 Weeks.
17. “Raazi,” Zee Studios International, $439,982, 101 locations, $4,356 average, $2,481,992, 3 Weeks.
18. “First Reformed,” A24, $373,439, 29 locations, $12,877 average, $516,401, 2 Weeks.
19. “Kasal,” ABS-CBN, $329,153, 57 locations, $5,775 average, $329,153, 1 Week.
20. “Sherlock Gnomes,” Paramount, $316,272, 298 locations, $1,061 average, $42,648,498, 10 Weeks.
—
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by 21st Century Fox; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
The U.S. House of Representatives on Tuesday unanimously passed a bill to help Holocaust survivors and the families of victims obtain restitution or the return of Holocaust-era assets, JTA reported.
The measure, known as The Justice for Uncompensated Survivors Today (JUST) Act, requires the State Department to report on the progress of certain European countries toward the return of or restitution for wrongfully confiscated or transferred Holocaust-era assets, including property, art and other movable property.
Veterans of the Chattanooga music scene are teaming up to honor all Tennessee Valley veterans for the 6th annual American Dream Concert at Historic Engel Stadium April 27 at 6pm.
The native Chattanooga rockers rarely share the same stage, but say this was the perfect way to honor our hometown veterans.
Johnny Smith of The Power Players says, “We are incredibly privileged to play for a cause benefitting true American heroes. We have two Army veterans in the band as well as family members that currently serve. This coupled with playing with our local and legendary musicians, in a venue with so much history, is an ‘over the top' opportunity. We are beyond excited to play a rare public show in our hometown for our veterans!”
“My Dad was in the U.S. Army, 4th Cavalry during the Battle of the Bulge,” Says Jimmy Tawater. It is indeed a special privilege to be chosen to play this concert with my friends and colleagues in an effort to honor those Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Marines both past and present for their service to our nation.”
The American Dream Concert supports veterans and directly benefits UTC's College of Business Veterans Entrepreneurship Program. The UTC College of Business VEP is one of only four programs in the country to provide veterans the opportunity to translate past military knowledge and skillsets into valuable entrepreneurial skills.
Through online education and 'boot camp' style classes, veterans develop practical professional capabilities as they prepare to launch or grow their own businesses. Learn more at www.utc.edu/vep.
Roger Alan Wade will kick off the celebration at 6pm. The Power Players follow at 7pm, Jimmy Tawater plays at 8pm, and Overland Express takes the stage at 9pm.
Tickets available now at www.riverbendfestival.com.
Admission is available online or at the gate day of show.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – A Warren man was arrested Thursday after an investigation into a reported sexual assault at a house party last month.
Charles Jones, 23, is charged with assault and sexual imposition. He's scheduled to appear in court Friday afternoon for an arraignment.
A Boardman woman reported on September 23 that a man at the party began to touch, grab and kiss them against them will.
They told police that they went to the party on Homewood Avenue SE with some of their co-workers. When they got there, they said people were playing “nude beer pong,” and although they didn't feel comfortable with it, they played and only took off miscellaneous items like their shoes and their diamond wedding rings, according to a police report.
Later that night, they told police that a man cornered them in a room and said they should get intimate. They said they refused, but the man continued to grab and kiss them
Police said the woman told them at that time, they ran off, leaving their jewelry behind.
An officer went back to the house with the woman to retrieve their belongings but said the people in the home turned off the lights and wouldn't answer the door.
Michael Steinmann of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASD: PAAS) Sees a Golden Future Ahead
Michael Steinmann is President and CEO of Pan American Silver Corp. Mr. Steinmann joined Pan American in 2004 and held progressively senior roles before being promoted to President and CEO in January 2016. Mr. Steinmann has over 20 years of experience in the base and precious metals industries, having worked throughout South America in mine operations and project development. They have participated in numerous mine construction projects, from exploration and feasibility studies through to startup and into continuous operation. They also have a strong background in M&A, corporate development and capital markets.
In this exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, Michael Steinmann details their strategic vision for the company. “Pan American Silver is the second-largest primary silver producer in the world. We are currently running seven operations throughout the Americas: three mines in Mexico, two in Peru, one in Bolivia and one in Argentina. Aside from our Alamo Dorado mine in Mexico, which is reaching its end of life, all of our operations contribute meaningfully to production.”
In the near future, Pan American Silver Corp. will reap the benefits of past capital expenditures. “We expect gold production to increase over the next years as a result of our Dolores mine in Mexico, which is a silver/gold deposit. We're currently expanding that operation with a new underground mine and a new pulp agglomeration plant, which will increase recovery of our higher-grade silver and gold ore. As we go deeper into the deposit, the gold grade increases, so it's really a factor of the mine sequencing that results in higher gold productions over the next few years.”
For the future, Pan American Silver Corp. will be developing a new source of revenue. “We're also expanding a second operation in Mexico called La Colorada.” To read the entire interview, visit the Wall Street Transcript.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Business News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ubagroup.com
2017-10-06
Officials of UBA and past winners of the easy competition
UBA Foundation, the corporate social responsibility arm of the United Bank for Africa Plc, is calling on all Senior High School students in Ghana to participate in the 2017 edition of the National Essay Competition (NEC). Launched in 2014 in Ghana, the competition provides a competitive platform to develop the intellectual and writing abilities of Senior High School students in across Africa.
At a colourful ceremony at UBA's Ghana's head office, the launch was attended by a number of UBA's senior executives, staff and representatives from the Ghana Education Service and beneficiaries from previous editions. The Chief Executive Officer of UBA Ghana, Abiola Bawuah was pleased with the bank's contribution to education in the country so far.
“For three consecutive years, we have organized and sponsored nine students at the tertiary level, and this year we are hoping to make it 12. We are committed to this and will keep supporting students who strive to achieve academic excellence in cognitive writing among other academic disciplines” they said. They added that, “the number of essay entries received last year was an improvement over the previous years and we are encouraged by this.
The UBA Foundation National Essay Competition is amongst the top academic competitions in the country at the moment. We have guardians and students who call in to ask when the competition is starting. It tells from the outside how keen the competition is getting and also reminds us of how we cannot fail the people”
The CEO of the UBA Foundation, Bola Atta talked about the contribution of the Foundation to the first nine beneficiaries of the NEC in Ghana who are currently at various institutions in Ghana receiving quality education. Of the competition, they said, “there is no looking back on this.
One of our key focus areas is Education as it leads to empowerment especially for the youths who are the future leaders on the continent. We have launched in 3 African countries presently and plan on extending this to all countries in which we operate. I'd like to wish all the hopefuls success with their entries as this is a potentially life changing competition for many'.
Mr. Augustus Owusu-Agyemfra, the Deputy Director of the Secondary Division of the Ghana Education Service in their remarks praised UBA for their contribution to education and pledged their support to sensitise all Senior High Schools of the UBA Foundation Essay Competition. “I have heard of the competition and I have learnt of its contribution. We will use our connection with all the schools to ensure this year's competition is well promoted”.
In their testimonial, Ms. Dorcas Darko, a previous winner who is in their third year at the University of Ghana shared their experience with the guests. “UBA has been very instrumental in my education.
For me it was like a test to myself. Little did I know I would emerge among the top three. My parents didn't have to stress to raise my school fees because UBA had it covered. I am grateful to the organization and especially the UBA Foundation. I would like to encourage everyone who qualifies to participate in the competition. UBA are really true to their words”.
Master Frederick Asante, also a previous winner, recounted their moments. “To me it was very challenging. I learnt a lot through participating in the UBA Foundation Essay Competition. It broadened my horizon and tested my cognitive skills.
I would like to thank the Foundation for their support and like to entreat high school students take it serious this time” The students stand the chance of winning educational grants to help their tuition in any African University of their choice. The National Essay Competition in Ghana has produced nine winners, some of whom are studying in various universities in Ghana.
Entries for the fourth edition start on Thursday, October 5 and will close on Friday, November 10. Applicants are required to submit handwritten essays of not more than 750 words to any UBA Ghana branch or to the head office, Heritage Tower in Accra, on the topic: “Galamsey or illegal mining has been a menace to the Ghanaian society causing ill effects. As a student, what ways or methods do you suggest can curb this societal problem?”
The Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals issued an opinion in February interpreting the Oklahoma statute that governs non-compete and non-solicitation contract provisions.
These types of provisions, which are commonplace employment agreements, are intended to mitigate disruption to the employer's business associated with an employee whose relationship with the employer has ended, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. Such provisions are, and have been, subject to reasonable limitations. The court's opinion in Autry v. Acosta Inc. potentially places additional limits on the scope of non-solicitation provisions in employment agreements.
The plaintiff, Carrie Autry, sued their former employer, Acosta Inc., for interfering with their current employment. In response, the employer counterclaimed against Autry, alleging a breach of certain provisions in their employment agreement with Acosta.
The employment agreement contained a non-compete provision prohibiting Autry from performing similar work for another employer. A non-solicitation provision prohibited them from directly or indirectly engaging in the business of selling, soliciting, or promoting the sale of the clients that Autry represented while employed by Acosta. A confidentiality provision prohibited them from misappropriating or using Acosta's proprietary business information.
The District Court entered a temporary injunction directing Autry to cease soliciting Acosta's employees, sharing any information they obtained from their former employer, and directly soliciting clients identified on Acosta's then-current client list.
The Court of Civil Appeals reversed the temporary injunction, finding the non-solicitation provision was void and, thus, unenforceable against Autry. The court determined that the language in Autry's non-solicitation provision was overly broad, because, contrary to the statutory language, it prohibited indirect solicitation and was not limited to established customers. The court defined “established customer” as a business or customer wherein a relationship was ongoing and anticipated to continue into the future. The overly broad language in Autry's agreement potentially reached clients who, although they may have been one-time clients, no longer had a business relationship with Acosta.
Steps to take include:
• Identify all written employment agreements (and employment agreement templates) containing non-solicitation provisions.
• Evaluate the language in the non-solicitation provisions against the applicable statutory language as recently interpreted by the Autry v. Acosta Inc. opinion.
• Engage counsel to develop an action plan to revise or amend, as appropriate, nonconforming non-solicitation provisions to bring the language into compliance with Autry v. Acosta Inc.
Philip D. Hixon is an attorney in GableGotwals' health care practice group.
You won't need to switch phones to get improved HDR photos.
Google Pixel's camera trick comes to other phones through a mod
Much of the Google Pixel's photographic prowess comes from its software -- it's particularly good at high dynamic range photos thanks to its HDR+ mode, which fills in gobs of detail while reducing the blur you sometimes see in HDR shots. But do you have to buy a Pixel phone to see the benefit? Not necessarily, if you're willing to live life on the edge. Developer B-S-G has modified the Google Camera app to enable HDR+ on any Android phone with a Snapdragon 820, 821 or 835 processors. While your Galaxy S8 or OnePlus 3 won't perfectly mirror the Pixel's photo quality, this could lead to improvements when taking photos in situations with bright highlights or dark shadows, where HDR, well, shines.
It doesn't want customers going blind.
Amazon offers refunds for dodgy solar-eclipse glasses
It cares.
The latest dump includes new 'Curb Your Enthusiasm.'
HBO refuses to play ball with hackers as more episodes leak
HBO isn't willing to budge. Despite hackers having already dumped episodes of its shows, plus an archive of emails from HBO VP Leslie Cohen, online, it's not willing to pay its hacker ransomers. It doesn't seem like they're done yet, either. The latest leak includes episodes from the upcoming season of Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Self-driving cars could loosen up if they collide with humans.
Waymo patents cars that soften to safeguard pedestrians
The Alphabet-owned Waymo recently received a patent for technology that would soften a car's body in the event of a collision with a pedestrian. The feature would change the rigidity of body panels, bumpers and the hood using underlying cables, rods or springs. The moment sensors detect an imminent pedestrian impact, the car would loosen those underpinnings and create a relatively gentle surface to reduce injuries. However, for now, it's just a patent.
But wait, there's more...
WASHINGTON — The Treasury Department's inspector general says it is looking into allegations that a Treasury Department agency has been illegally looking at the private financial records of U.S. citizens.
Buzzfeed, a news website, is quoting unnamed government sources as saying that Treasury's Office of Intelligence and Analysis has “repeatedly and systematically violated domestic surveillance laws by snooping on the private financial records of U.S. citizens and companies.”
The Buzzfeed report said that over the past year, at least a dozen employees of another branch of Treasury have warned officials and Congress that the financial data was being illegally searched and stored.
Asked about the report, Rich Delmar, counsel to Treasury's Inspector General, said, “The issues referred to in the article are currently being reviewed as part of a Treasury OIG audit.”
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) Australian Open organizers have given 17-year-old Alex De Minaur and Andrew Whittington wild-card entries to the season's first grand slam tournament.
De Minaur, a Wimbledon junior finalist last year, beat top-seeded Mikhail Kukushkin in the qualifying tournament for the Brisbane International, where they are set to make their ATP main draw debut this week. Whittington, 23, achieved a career-high ranking of No. 170 last November after winning six ITF titles and reaching semifinals at two ATP Challenger events.
Other wild cards already granted for the Australian Open men's main draw include Denis Istomin, the Asia-Pacific Wildcard playoff winner from Uzbekistan, and Quentin Halys of France and Michael Mmoh of the United States, who were given reciprocal wildcards for the French Open and the U.S. Open.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters have been urged not to travel through Waterloo station after a line side fire at the station this morning.
South Western Railway have warned that there are to be long delays and cancellations through rush hour until 8pm on Monday (December 11).
A fire just outside Waterloo affected the 650-volt cabling powering the lines shortly after 11am earlier today.
Up to 50 cancellations have been reported since the fire.
In a statement, SWR said: "Our control centre has received reports of a line side fire outside London Waterloo.
“This has affected the track circuits on three of the lines that have come into contact with a 650-volt cable.
"We currently advise you do not travel on our network at the present time. At present, we are unable to use platforms 1 to 3 at London Waterloo.
"Trains which usually use these platforms are having to be diverted onto other lines to access different platforms, this is causing a large build up of trains in the area.
"Services will therefore be delayed, and some may be subject to short notice alterations."
Liverpool star Mohamed Salah is the best player in the world right now, according to club great Steven Gerrard.
Salah produced yet another irresistible display to guide Jurgen Klopp's side to a 5-2 win over Roma in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday.
The Egypt international scored a first-half brace and set up goals for Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino after the interval at Anfield.
Gerrard believes Salah, who has netted 43 goals this season, is currently better than Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
"He's in the form of their life," they said on BT Sport.
"It's difficult to compare them to your Ronaldos and Messis because they've done it for so long and they've been consistent year in, year out.
"But without a shadow of a doubt he's the best player on the planet right now."
A late lapse saw Liverpool concede two goals, leaving Roma with hope heading into next week's second leg.
I generally am not a fan of media-on-media commentary, writers opining on other writers' ideas. It strikes me as too clubby, and less interesting than an original take, even the hottest of the hot.
In this case, though, I'm making an exception.
Two friends of mine, two of the people I actually respect most in the business, want to do away with extended extra-inning games.
To which I say, no, a thousand times no, play all freaking night, if that's what it takes.
My two friends, ESPN's Jon “Boog” Sciambi and the New York Post's Joel Sherman are quite smart, and their arguments are perfectly valid. I disagree vehemently, and my guess is that most fans do, too.
First, the background:
On April 5, as the Mets completed a 12-inning victory over the Braves, Boog tweeted the following:
Sorry, I know this will freak some people out but in a sport that plays 162 games to play more than 12 innings is just silly. — Jon Sciambi (@BoogSciambi) April 6, 2017
Boog later added,
I'd be fine with ties. #321killboog — Jon Sciambi (@BoogSciambi) April 6, 2017
Joel wrote a column endorsing that concept in the wake of the Mets' 16-inning victory over the Marlins on Thursday.
Joel's best point is that extended extra-inning games increase the risk of injury at a time when baseball desperately wants to keep players healthy. Fair enough, but players keep dropping under normal circumstances. Sunday's injury list alone was so lengthy, you would have thought MLB was the NFL.
I'm waiting for the sport to figure out a truly effective preventative measure, just one. In the meantime, a total of 63 games – 2.59 percent – went 12 innings or longer last season, according to STATS LLC. The elimination of such games to help with injuries would be the approximate equivalent of the elimination of the intentional walk to help with pace of play.
Now for the “pro” side of the pros and cons.
One of the many things I love about baseball is its quirkiness. Long extra-inning games are full of quirks – extended relief outings; starting pitchers summoned as relievers, pinch-hitters and pinch-runners; position players pitching.
Fans seem to enjoy the oddities, at least judging from the admittedly small sample size of Twitter. Never mind that parks empty and TV ratings dwindle as the innings mount. Such games are often quite memorable, and part of the sport's allure.
Does the average 15-inning epic wreck a pitching staff? Darned right it does! And that, too, is part of the fascination; such games are part of the challenge of playing 162. Deeper teams hold an advantage. So do teams that excel at roster management, such as the Orioles under Buck Showalter.
The introduction of ties – or the adoption of a much-discussed rule that would place runners on first and second at the start of a designated extra inning – would penalize the smarter, better constructed clubs.
Oh, and one other thing: Extra innings are avoidable. If teams don't like ‘em, they should push to win games in regulation, just as postseason contenders should push to win their division to avoid the wild card.
Long live extras. Play all night, for all I care.
Not to spoil the Marlins' party, but…
Six of the Marlins' relievers are on pace to throw 85 or more innings, even with the team using an eight-man bullpen.
The 16-inning game, taxing as it was, merits only a fraction of the blame.
The Marlins' rotation is averaging slightly more than five innings per start, ahead of only the Reds. This is partly by design; the Marlins know their starters are not very good, and do not want them going through batting orders three times.
The strategy makes sense, and manager Don Mattingly was correct to remove right-hander Dan Straily after 5 1/3 no-hit innings Sunday – Straily had walked five, including their last two hitters, and had thrown 93 pitches.
The Marlins, though, cannot survive at this pace (nor, for that matter, can the Mets, who have three relievers on track for “100” innings – Fernando Salas, Addison Reed and Hansel Robles – even though their rotation ranks second in the majors in innings per start, behind only the Giants).
The Miami starters will need to go deeper, Mattingly will need to adjust, or both.
Shifty fish
Oh, and while on the subject of the Marlins, it's also worth noting that the team is employing defensive shifts at a dramatically – and I mean dramatically – higher rate this season.
In fact, the Marlins have shifted nearly as much through 12 games as they did all of last season, according to STATS LLC.
The raw numbers:
The Marlins thus far have shifted 159 times (34 percent of their opponents' plate appearances). That's second in the majors only to the Rays (209 shifts, 42.6 percent.)
In 2016, the Marlins were last in the majors in shifts, using only 166 (2.7 percent). STATS records a shift whenever three defenders are on either side of second base.
The Marlins previously had positioned their infielders mostly through charts maintained by their renowned infield coach, Perry Hill. Their positioning cost them Sunday on Asdrubal Cabrera's game-tying single off David Phelps in the ninth inning; the Fish were not technically in a shift, but second baseman Dee Gordon was shaded toward first with Cabrera, a switch-hitter, batting left-handed.
That said, the Marlins had a remarkable weekend, rebounding from their 16-inning defeat to earn three straight narrow victories over the Mets in games started by Noah Syndergaard, Jacob deGrom and Matt Harvey.
Oh, that trade
Could it be that the Diamondbacks will regret parting with center fielder Ender Inciarte more than shortstop Dansby Swanson in the Shelby Miller trade?
Inciarte, 26, hit their fourth home run in four games Sunday, surpassing their season total from 2016. The Braves, after signing them in December to a five-year, $30.525 million contract with a club option, will control them for as long as they control Swanson, through '22.
The Braves, then, acquired two up-the-middle mainstays for Miller, plus right-hander Aaron Blair, who is now at Triple A.
Inciarte, though, did not become the full-time center fielder until after Brian Snitker replaced Fredi Gonzalez on May 17.
Gonzalez generally started Inciarte in center against left-handers, moving them to left and using Mallex Smith in center against right-handers. Inciarte, who missed nearly a month after straining their left hamstring in the season's third game, struggled to get untracked.
They admit now that the trade unnerved him.
“I'll be honest. I was a little disappointed with the Diamondbacks,” Inciarte said. “I've got a lot of friends there. I grew up playing with the Diamondbacks.
“The first thought that came to my mind is that I heard the ball doesn't carry much at Turner Field. The first two months, there were a lot of things in my head. But once Snit got here, they talked to me, put me in center field, gave me a chance to play every day. I didn't have to worry about playing left and center. They got me settled, and I started having fun.”
Snitker, who began last season as the Braves' Triple A manager, had seen Inciarte in spring training and also on their rehabilitation assignment. It took them less than a week after becoming the major-league manager to make Inciarte their regular center fielder.
“The more I was here, I thought, ‘This guy is a center fielder, a God-given center fielder,” Snitker said. “It was their jumps, their feel. And their arm's a weapon.
“He's a guy you can build around in center field.”
And this one, too
The Justin Upton deal has proven quite a bonanza for the Braves, while the Padres wound up with only one year of Upton plus a compensation pick after they left as a free agent, high-school shortstop Hudson Sanchez.
The Braves' bounty, after two subsequent trades, came to include three top pitching prospects: Left-hander Max Fried, right-hander Touki Toussaint and lefty Luiz Gohara.
Fried was in the original deal, in which the Braves pared Upton's $14.5 million salary. The Braves used most of the savings to take on Bronson Arroyo's contract, which was the price for acquiring Toussaint from the Dbacks, then later obtained Gohara for Mallex Smith, who was in the Padres' deal.
The Braves' package from the Padres also included infielder/outfielder Jace Peterson, who is in their third year with the club, and outfielder Dustin Peterson, the team's 2016 minor-league player of the year.
The Upton trade is one reason that most analysts rate the Braves' farm system as the best in the game. Fried is the team's No. 8 prospect, according to MLBPipeline.com. Gohara is No. 10, Toussaint No. 11 and Dustin Peterson No. 17.
Sanchez, 18, did not crack the Padres' Top 30, which includes seven shortstops.
For Padres' Solarte, it's about their girls
Last April, Padres second baseman Yangervis Solarte signed a brand contract with Fantex, receiving an upfront payment of $3.15 million in exchange for a portion of their future earnings.
Then in January, Solarte agreed to a two-year, $7.5 million deal with the Padres that included two club options and cost them a year of free agency.
Why would Solarte, 29, agree to the second deal when they already had security from their first?
The answer stems in part from their personal situation – Solarte's wife, Yuliette, died in September at age 31 from complications in their fight against cancer, leaving Solarte to raise their three daughters, ages 6, 5 and 18 months.
Solarte, speaking through an interpreter, said they wanted as much as security as possible for their family, particularly since they turn 30 on July 7. They delayed their free agency until they are 33, but Solarte said that with their next deal they can bet on himself, knowing that their daughters' future is assured.
Solarte said that their mother, Yanmili, is taking care of their daughters in Miami, with help from their brother and sister-in-law.
gallery: Every MLB team's 10-year record, ranked from 30 to 1
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
LOS ANGELES — Bill O'Reilly's Fox News Channel presence in recent days has sparked social-media outrage and advertiser defections. If they go off the air for a while, will calm return?
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Bill O'Reilly announces vacation, but will they really return? 2:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The popular Fox News Channel host raised that very question when they told viewers during the last few minutes of their "O'Reilly Factor" broadcast on Tuesday night that they would take a few days off as part of a pre-planned vacation even as controversy swirled around him. They explained that they often take vacation around the start of spring. "We all need R&R. Put it to good use," they told viewers.  They are expected to return to the air April 24.
"The arrangements, including airline and hotel reservations, for this vacation were made last October. The vacation involves a group of people, and the timing coincides with the period Mr. O'Reilly often takes off in and around their children's spring break," said Mark Fabiani, a spokesperson for O'Reilly, in an emailed statement. "Other than the vacation guest hosts, The Factor broadcast will remain unchanged until Mr. O'Reilly's return post-vacation."
Executives at Fox News will no doubt see whether the move gives the network some breathing room. O'Reilly has been under scrutiny since April 1, when the New York Times detailed the host's settlements of harassment allegations with five women totaling at least $13 million. In a statement, O'Reilly denied wrongdoing and said their high profile in TV made them a "target for those who would harm me and my employer."
The fallout from the story has been swift, with calls being issued for O'Reilly to step down from the program they have hosted since 1996 and dozens of advertisers moving their commercials out of their show and into other Fox News programming. In the month prior to the Times report, "O'Reilly Factor" carried an average of 33 national ads totaling more than 14 minutes in an average broadcast, according to data from Kantar Media. On Friday, the show included just seven spots totaling 4 minutes and 40 seconds of air time. Fox News has been running the program in recent days with eight to 10 minutes of extra content.
Tuesday night's broadcast appeared to contain at least 10 national commercials from smaller sponsors and direct-response advertisers, including Rosland Capital, TheraBreath, the Gotham Steel Crisper Tray and Gravely mowers.
Keeping O'Reilly on the air and as a viable personality has been critical for Fox News Channel. The anchor regularly attracts more than 3 million viewers to their 8 p.m. program, setting up an audience that can be funneled throughout the cable-news outlet's primetime lineup. Since the election, O'Reilly's audience has soared. Their "Factor" program attracted an average of more than 3.9 million viewers in the first quarter of 2017 — compared to an average of 3.3 million viewers for all of 2016.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed APRIL 10: Bill O'Reilly sex harassment allegations: Fox is now investigating new claims 3:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The scandal hits as the network's parent, 21st Century Fox, has tried to move its cable-news network to new heights. Ratings have generally increased since the election. Fox News is an integral part of the overall company and generates a significant chunk of the parent's operating profit.
On Monday night's broadcast, O'Reilly had hinted they might take a break. "I like to take some time off around Easter," they said. "It's calming."
Guests will once again be able to explore the halls of the White House starting on March 7, first lady Melania Trump announced in a press release on Tuesday.
Tour requests for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, which are handled by the office of the first lady, have been piling up since the Trump administration took charge of the White House, according to The New York Times.
U.S. President Donald Trump, First Lady Melania Trump walk to pose for a photograph before attending dinner at Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., February 11, 2017. CARLOS BARRIA / Reuters
"I am excited to reopen the White House to the hundreds of thousands of visitors who come each year. The White House is a remarkable and historic site and we are excited to share its beauty and history," Melania Trump said in a statement. "I am committed to the restoration and preservation of our Nation's most recognizable landmark. "
Melania Trump has been largely absent from the White House in the first few weeks of their husband's presidency. The first lady is still living in New York City with their 10-year-old son Barron and has plans to remain there until the end of the school year.
The announcement that tours will soon resume — and the naming of Lindsay Reynolds as Melania Trump's chief of staff — are signs their office is taking shape.
Related: Melania Trump, America's First Lady in Absentia?
Tours will be given Tuesday through Thursday between 7:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m., must be scheduled at least 21 days in advance and have to be submitted through a member of Congress, the release said.
Melania Trump also announced that they are committed to preserving and continuing the vegetable garden planted by Michelle Obama, their spokesperson told the Associated Press.
Michelle and students harvest the White House Kitchen Garden for their final time as First Lady, at the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, on Oct. 6, 2016. MICHAEL REYNOLDS / EPA
The previous first lady planted the garden in 2009 and referred to it as their "baby." The garden was a part of their signature initiative, "Let's Move," which was designed to reduce childhood obesity through diet and exercise.
Melania Trump's initiative will be to take on "the problem of cyberbullying among our youth," the White House says on its website.
As Melania Trump begins assuming duties from afar, it is still unclear what their plans are for signature events typically spearheaded by the first lady, such as the Easter Egg Roll, which takes place in spring and draws thousands of visitors.
PENTICTON, B.C. — Cheryl Bernard offers a house full of intangibles to Canada's Rachel Homan as an alternate.
Bernard, as the skip of Team Canada, captured a silver medal in women's curling at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. Experience in the Winter Games was among the reasons why Homan contacted Bernard about joining their Ottawa-based team in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Bernard, who had been retired from curling since 2014, jumped at the opportunity to participate in their second Winter Olympics.
“It's wonderful and it's amazing,'' said the 51-year-old Bernard, who is a curling analyst for TSN.
“It shows a lot about 50 being the new 40. It also shows a lot about staying fit and having that drive. That competitive drive hasn't gone away.''
Homan, third Emma Miskew, second Joanne Courtney and lead Lisa Weagle qualified for their first Winter Games after finishing first at the Canadian Olympic team trials in Ottawa in December. The team needed an alternate because Cheryl Kreviazuk, Homan's long-time fifth, didn't meet Curling Canada's criteria to be an alternate.
The criteria include “international playing experience, making critical decisions during the heat of the game and ability to perform on the world stage.”
Bernard has that criteria covered. She's a four-time Alberta champion and was a runner-up at the 1996 Scotties.
They have also studied Homan's team from their perch in the TSN booth and is looking forward to getting into Team Canada's inner circle.
“Being on the air, you hear those back-room conversations,'' Bernard said. “I've seen little bits of them that the public doesn't see as much. They have a public persona and they need to. That's what they have created to deal with the pressure and the fans. Behind the scenes they are normal girls who have a lot of fun and work really hard.''
Bernard's experience behind the scenes at the Winter Olympics was another reason to add them to the team.
“The media at the Olympics is unbelievable,'' Bernard said. “They aren't respectful like they are here, where the media isn't going to throw someone under the bus like they would at the Winter Olympics.
“It's all about the story and they are trying to find out if something is going wrong with your team. You really need that media persona and those canned answers if you're going to survive.''
Bernard experienced the media crush throughout the 2010 Winter Games and after their stunning loss in the gold-medal final. They were ahead 6-4 in the 10th end and needed a simple take-out to lock up a gold medal against Sweden's Anette Norberg. Bernard missed and Norberg stole two to force an extra end.
Bernard wasn't able to execute a double takeout in the 11th end, leading to another Norberg steal and Sweden's 7-6 win.
“Don't kid yourself, that was a tough loss and I struggled with it,'' Bernard said. “I reframed it as time went on that we won a silver medal and we made our team and our country really proud.''
That perspective is another one of Bernard's attributes.
“I have the ability to step back and let them they know they will be OK whether they win it or not,'' Bernard said. “That will take some pressure off.''
Bernard isn't heading to South Korea to fill the traditional role as an alternate who provides snacks during the fifth-end break and makes sure that the water bottles are filled. They have bigger contributions in mind.
“I've already told them (cutting fruit) is beyond what I can do,'' Bernard said with a chuckle. “It's tough because I feel like I'm going in there in a unique role as an alternate. If I have to throw, then I have to throw. I'm going in there mainly because I've lived it and not many have.''
It may also help that Bernard is no longer curling and won't pick up inside information on the team that they could use to a competitive advantage.
“I'm going to learn a lot about this team and I could use that information for the next 10 years,'' they said. “I get it and we did the same thing in 2010 when we took Kristie Moore (as an alternate). They aren't playing a ton and we wanted somebody who wouldn't disrupt our team chemistry. When we needed to talk to them they were there, but they didn't change things.''
Homan is among the favourites to medal in South Korea. Bernard hopes that happens, but it won't replace their silver medal from Vancouver.
“It will be with an asterisk,'' Bernard said. “To be a two-time Olympian is amazing. Will I go around speaking with a gold medal? Probably not. That silver medal was all about the hard work that I did. This is an honour. What I will talk about this is I had a little bit of a hand in helping a great team at a moment when it was needed.''
mmccormick@postmedia.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New Addington has been touched by angels as magical Christmas gifts have been playfully placed around the estate to spread heartwarming festive cheer.
“Beautiful” knitted angels have been seen up and down New Addington, with delighted residents stumbling across the adorable dolls.
Small notes have been left with each of the cheerful presents spreading goodwill to everyone in the area.
The mysterious gifts have sprung up on lampposts, fences and street signs waiting for passers-by to discover them.
Nobody knows who is behind the charming Christmas gesture which has brought joy to old and young alike, and shown the “community spirit” of New Addington.
Simone Johnston lives in New Addington and the simple gesture made their day, and movingly put a smile on the face of their daughter.
The 14-year-old girl has autism and has recently struggled, but the touching Christmas gesture had them beaming.
Mrs Johnson said: “I have no words to be honest, I just thought it was beautiful, especially the green one as my daughter who found it has autism and their ‘special song' is You Are My Sunshine, and has had a tough time recently.
“The little angel they said was special because it says ‘create your own sunshine' – for the first time in ages I saw my daughter smile.”
(Image: Simone Johnson)
Mrs Johnson added their thanks to whoever has been leaving the magical gifts, adding: “They will never know how much that little green angel means.”
The knitted gifts either sport small notes wishing their finders a merry Christmas or have cheery quotes to spread some joy.
Some of those who have found them have commented online thanking the mystery knitter, and promised to use the woollen presents to decorate their Christmas trees.
Sharon Monk, 27, lives in the area and was touched to find an angel waiting for them outside the nursery where they work.
They said: “I found one along with a friend of mine. Then I also found out my mum had found one as well. We love them.
(Image: Simone Johnson)
“I found mine on the gates of Fairchildes Primary where I work.
“I think it's so lovely for people to take time out of their lives and make these beautiful angels but to also go around the estate putting them places where children and adults can find them is just amazing.
“It just shows that New Addington has a brilliant sense of community spirit.
“I will probably put ours around the house as decorations and may even keep them out all year.”
Democrats are pumping millions into the Georgia congressional election set for Tuesday, hoping a 30-year-old political upstart who's attracting star power can deliver a rebuke to President Trump and help the party reclaim lost momentum.
Hollywood has even come out for the off-cycle vote, with actor Samuel L. Jackson cutting a radio ad urging voters to flip the seat once held by Republican Tom Price, who is now Trump's health secretary.
“Vote for the Democratic Party. Stop Donald Trump, a man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism,” Jackson says in the ad, casting the race as a chance to undermine the Republican president and throwing in “Pulp Fiction” references for good measure. “We have to channel the great vengeance and fury we have for this administration into votes at the ballot box.”
Democrats tried a similar tactic last week in their failed bid for the open seat of Kansas' Mike Pompeo, arguing a win in that conservative district would prove just how eager Americans are to end Trump and fellow Republicans' control of Washington.
Washington Democrats, however, put essentially no resources into the race. By contrast, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee staffers are on the ground in Georgia, and supporters have given top Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff $8 million-plus, with 80 percent of the money coming from outside the state.
Republicans have held the suburban Atlanta seat for nearly four decades. However, Democrats saw an opening for an upset after Trump last year narrowly defeated Democrat Hillary Clinton in that district, while Price won with 61 percent of the vote.
Democrats also see a win as a catalyst for them in the 2018 midterm elections, though Republicans would still have a roughly 44-seat majority in the House and a four-seat advantage in the Senate.
The race Tuesday features 18 candidates — 11 Republicans, five Democrats and two independents. To outright take the so-called “jungle primary,” the winner must get more than 50 percent of the vote. If not, the leader would face the second-place finisher in a runoff.
Ossoff is expected to get the most votes but not the majority, likely sending them and one of the Republican candidates to the June 20 runoff.
Trump and other Washington Republicans have gotten into the act — a clear indication of their desire to keep the seat and blunt any momentum toward a possible 2018 Democratic comeback.
“The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal (sic) race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!,” Trump tweeted Monday.
They also tweeted Sunday: “The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event, until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!”
Republican field staffers also have been dispatched to Georgia. A GOP political action committee backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., has spent more than $2 million attacking Ossoff.
In addition, the amount of money going to Ossoff is also a liability.
“I don't care what party you're from,” said Marty Aftewicz, a 66-year-old Republican voter from Marietta. “If the money's coming from outside the district, it's dirty. … Anyone raising that much outside money can't represent me.”
Republicans have also run a barrage of campaign ads trying to tie the 30-year-old Ossoff to House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi, a California Democrat, and portray them as too sophomoric and inexperienced to govern.
The Congressional Leadership Fund super PAC, for instance, is running ads showing them pretending to be “Star Wars” character Han Solo while attending Georgetown University.
“Jon is being bankrolled by the most extreme liberals,” said Karen Handel, a former secretary of state and one of Ossoff's Republican challengers. “No one is naive enough to think that they will not be beholden to those who are bankrolling him.”
Ossoff, nevertheless, pledges to be an “independent voice” in Congress. And they defend their campaign as a grassroots success powered by small and medium donors.
Ossoff is a former staffer to Rep. Hank Johnson and intern for civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis, Georgia Democrats now supporting Ossoff in the race.
Though they could get the most votes Tuesday, national Republicans think they would lose in June to Handel or fellow GOP candidates Bob Gray, a technology executive, or Dan Moody or Judson Hill, former state senators.
Handel vows to work with Trump on common-ground issues but says their job is to “be a voice for people of the 6th District.”
Gray says they would be a “willing partner” in the effort to fulfill Trump's legislative agenda.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 3:56 Cop Shop Podcast: A man walks into an IHOP in their boxer shorts ... Pause 4:42 Cop Shop Podcast: Tales of meth and strawberry lemonades 4:57 Cop Shop Podcast: Shoe attack in Macon park 4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup 10:55 Crime Patrol: Cruising south Macon for drunks, drugs and trouble 3:23 Crime Patrol: Bibb sheriff's deputy patrols north Macon and Unionville 3:56 Cop Shop Podcast: Woman seeking beer busts in door 2:48 'We'll be back,' truck business owner says after blaze 1:10 Keep your jackets nearby, groundhog's weather prediction calls for longer winter 1:01 Fire erupts at Middle Georgia Freightliner repair shop in Macon Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
This episode of the Cop Shop Podcast, our audio journey into Macon-area police report oddities, includes a woman kicking in a door in search of beer, an item about public urination, and man smacked in the head with a vase. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
This episode of the Cop Shop Podcast, our audio journey into Macon-area police report oddities, includes a woman kicking in a door in search of beer, an item about public urination, and man smacked in the head with a vase. Joe Kovac Jr. The Telegraph
Ezekiel Elliott's father says son's legal team is ‘ready to fight'
The father of Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott looks to be fully supportive of their son's efforts to fight their six-game suspension.
Stacy Elliott posted on Twitter Monday that their son's legal team is “ready to fight,” even stating that Elliott was the victim of a “plot” and sharing a portion of an article that raises questions about the accuser's reliability and truthfulness.
My son's legal team is ready to fight! Let's deal!!! You will know the set up and PLOT! pic.twitter.com/GSt7QTJehs — Ambassador Elliott (@stacy_elliott) August 14, 2017
It is now clear that the running back plans to exhaust all of their legal options in fighting a six-game suspension they feel is unjust, and has the backing of the organization and their family. It's a move that could ultimately backfire, however.
Munster winger Simon Zebo insists Wednesday's squad announcement for the British and Irish Lions will in no way affect preparations for their Champions Cup semi-final.
Saracens travel to the Aviva Stadium on Saturday (Kick-off 3.15pm, live on RTE Radio 1) with a place in May's final at Murrayfield up for grabs.
Munster have lost their last four semi-finals and will be outsiders to see off the reigning European kingpins at the weekend.
Warren Gatland announces their Lions squad at midday on Wednesday, with players on tenterhooks to see whether they make the cut
But Ireland international Zebo, called up as injury cover for the 2013 Lions tour, does not think the timing of the announcement will detract from more immediate concerns.
"To be honest it is not much of a distraction," they said. "This is the biggest week in our season and for a lot of players this weekend is the biggest game of their careers.
"We are 100 per cent focused on Saracens, that is the objective and the only thing in players' minds.
"It is quite hard to believe but it actually is, everyone is bubbling nicely and the Lions are going to take a back seat this week regardless of selection.
"We are not going to be talking about the Lions because it is out of our control, one thing that is in our control is the game at the weekend."
Zebo does not intend to be glued to the television as they wait to hear whether they have been included in Gatland's ranks.
"At 12 o'clock on Wednesday I will be training," the 27-year-old added. "So I won't be watching anything, I will be out preparing for Saracens so at the weekend I can make sure I play well.
"Saracens are the defending champions and are an unbelievable side. We will show them respect but having said that we will give it our best shot."
Zebo has made more than 110 appearances for Munster and believes it may be time for them to break their recent semi-final hoodoo.
"We have been a core group of players now for a couple of years and we have obviously been through some tough times," they said.
"But we have a lot of players who are playing well in key positions - and that has been important to our form.
"Obviously the likes of Rassie (Erasmus) and Jack (Nienaber) who have come in and guided us along the way have also helped.
"It is good to be back in the semi-finals in Europe, it is where we expect to be, where we set our standards and hopefully this game on Saturday can help us in achieving those goals.
"We might not win anything this year but if we give it our best shot we know the fans will be proud."
Listen to Munster v Saracens live on RTÉ Radio 1's Saturday Sport at 3.15pm and follow our live blog on RTE.ie and the RTÉ News Now app
A restaurant in Kentucky is opening up it doors early tomorrow with the hope of raising money for the victims and family of the Marshall County High School shooting.
The Pond restaurant in Aurora, Kentucky is prepping for what they expect to be a big day Saturday.
The restaurant usually doesn't open until 4:00 p.m., but February 3rd they plan to open their doors at 11 a.m. to be able to serve as many people as they can.
For each meal served, 100-percent of the proceeds will be donated to support the victims.
The owners Heather and Jeremy Wyatt said they are glad to be able to do it.
"Our heart is for the families," Heather Wyatt said. "We had a son at the high school when the incident occurred and we felt like our way of giving back to the victims was to do this for them."
Wyatt said a number of businesses have come on board to help make this happen.
Charlie Daniels even donated an autographed fiddle to be raffled off.
Their goal is to serve at least 15-hundred people.
The Pond is located at 16814 US Highway 68 East, Aurora, KY.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2018 KFVS. All rights reserved.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Nashville International Airport (BNA) has been named the fastest growing airport of its size in the country following a surge in passenger traffic last year.
Airport officials say that more than 12.9 million passengers traveled in and out of BNA last year, an all-time record for the fourth consecutive year in a row. Officials say that was an increase of 11.2 percent from the previous year.
As a result of the increased number of travelers, BNA received the Airport Traffic Growth Award from Airline Network News and Analysis for being the fastest-growing mid-size airport in the nation.
Officials say 2017 promises to be even busier and the airport is projected to surpass the latest figure by more than a million passengers.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 2:24 White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence Pause 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 1:14 Solar eclipse an example of the 'universe in motion' 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained 0:31 Spotting the signs of mental health issues 3:07 New company to invest $400 million, create 200 jobs 1:30 Northside teacher wants to check this one off their bucket list Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Columbia is in the path of a total eclipse on Aug. 21. Here are tips for observing the event: Never look directly at the sun's rays. When watching a partial eclipse you must wear eclipse glasses at all times or use another indirect method if you want to face the sun. During a total eclipse when the moon completely obscures the sun, it is safe to look directly at the star -- but it's crucial that you know when to wear and not wear your glasses. Posted by Susan Ardis NASA Goddard/YouTube
Columbia is in the path of a total eclipse on Aug. 21. Here are tips for observing the event: Never look directly at the sun's rays. When watching a partial eclipse you must wear eclipse glasses at all times or use another indirect method if you want to face the sun. During a total eclipse when the moon completely obscures the sun, it is safe to look directly at the star -- but it's crucial that you know when to wear and not wear your glasses. Posted by Susan Ardis NASA Goddard/YouTube
NEW YORK — After a dreadful start to the season, the New York Rangers have finally caught up to the pack thanks to their strong play at home.
Mats Zuccarello scored twice, Henrik Lundqvist stopped 26 shots and the Rangers beat the New Jersey Devils 5-2 Saturday night for New York's 10th win in its last 11 on home ice.
Jimmy Vesey, Jesper Fast and Kevin Hayes also scored for the Rangers, who are 15-6-0 — including 11-2-0 at Madison Square Garden — after opening the season with one win in eight games (1-5-2).
“We dug ourselves a pretty big hole,” said Rick Nash, who had two assists. “We have bounced back well but when you are underneath that line and you are chasing those teams, points are hard to come by. . Last night was a tough loss, it was a good bounce back tonight.”
New York, coming off a 4-2 loss at Washington on Friday night is sixth in the Metropolitan Division, one point behind fifth-place Pittsburgh for Eastern Conference's last wild-card spot and five behind division-leading Columbus.
Damon Severson and Miles Wood scored for New Jersey, which lost its second straight to a Metropolitan opponent. Keith Kinkaid finished with 34 saves.
“I don't think we gave ourselves a chance at all,” Kinkaid said. “Hopefully this is a wakeup call. We're going into tough buildings against tough teams. You can't slide in the Metropolitan Division. We have to figure it out.”
With the Rangers leading 2-0 halfway through the second period, Severson pulled the Devils within one with a slap shot that beat Lundqvist with 6:15 to go.
However, Severson made a costly turnover while New Jersey was on a power play, leading to Zuccarello's short-handed tally less than three minutes later. It gave Zuccarello at least a point in seven of the last nine games.
“We had good speed, real energy, and created a lot of good chances,” Lundqvist said. “You can see why the Devils have a good record. They are a fast team and they have some really good forwards. They are a little tricky to play against but I thought we did a really good job. We scored at the right time to grab the momentum of the game. Overall it was a strong game.”
Zuccarello made it 4-1 when J.T. Miller found the diminutive winger with a cross-ice pass at 6:21 of the third.
Wood scored 13 seconds later to pull the Devils within two goals. Defenceman Will Butcher picked up their 17th assist, good for second in the league amongst all rookies.
Hayes recorded their sixth of the season at 11:59 of the third period when they lifted a backhand past Kinkaid to cap the scoring.
Lundqvist earned their 419th career victory, passing Tony Esposito for the second-most wins by a goalie with one franchise in league history. Former Devils goalie Martin Brodeur holds the record with 688.
Vesey opened the scoring at 6:14 of the first period. The second-year forward has played up-and-down the Rangers' lineup but started the game on the fourth line. Boo Nieves forced a turnover in the offensive zone and then Paul Carey set up Vesey for the opening goal. Carey extended their point streak to four games.
New York doubled its lead when Fast got their seventh at 9:42 of the second. Nash made a brilliant backhand pass and found Fast all alone in the slot.
“I have always thought of them as a hardworking, two-way hockey player,” Rangers coach Alain Vigneault said of Fast, who has scored six goals in eight games. “He is definitely one of our guys that plays the right way in all situations. He's a real good example, they never gives up on a play, they will put their body on the line to get the job done. I am hoping that's going to also rub off on a couple of other guys.”
Shortly before that, Zuccarello saved a goal on the other end of the ice as the Devils came within inches of tying the score. Brian Gibbons' shot got through Lundqvist but Zuccarello was able to swipe the puck out of the crease before it rolled across the goal line.
NOTES: Miller's assist extended their points streak to five games. … Rangers C Mika Zibanejad missed their fifth consecutive game due to a concussion and has skated on their own three of the previous four days. However, they have not been cleared for practice yet. … New York scratched D Steven Kampfer. … The Rangers are 14-5-3 over the last 22 games against the Devils, dating back to March 19, 2013. … It was the 10th time the Rangers' Kevin Hayes and the Devils' Jimmy Hayes played against each in the NHL. Kevin Hayes has won eight of the 10 meetings against their brother. … Devils scratched D Dalton Prout, D Steven Santini and F Drew Stafford.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Host Dallas on Monday night.
Devils: Host Los Angeles on Tuesday night.
MANCHESTER, N.H. — Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
Brazil right-back Danilo knows Neymar's fitness is improving with the World Cup approaching – because they are starting to give them the runaround in training.
All eyes are on Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar as they step up preparations for Russia 2018 alongside their international colleagues, despite being ruled out of domestic action with a broken metatarsal since the end of February.
Tite's men kick off their World Cup bid against Switzerland in Rostov on June 17 but Neymar's first target for match practice is Sunday's friendly with Croatia at Anfield.
According to Manchester City's Danilo, everything is on track.
"I've been talking a lot with them because, in these 10 days, I always got to confront them in the training sessions," they told a news conference.
"So, every day we talk because I always go and challenge them and each day they are better, faster and it is more and more difficult to block him.
"We hope they can arrive at the World Cup, if not at 100 per cent then something very close to it, because for us this is very important."
Danilo is chasing a starting berth with the Selecao after PSG veteran Dani Alves was ruled out of the World Cup with knee ligament damage.
"First of all, Dani Alves' injury left us all sad because what they can give to this squad is unrivalled," said the former Real Madrid defender.
"What they gave to this group over all these years is their fighting spirit, their leadership and their style of playing. No doubt, that's a big loss.
"But [Corinthians full-back] Fagner and I have been working hard to do our best to contribute to Brazil also and we are focusing on this.
"Dani, for sure, is an experienced man with a strong mindset. He'll get over this and we'll try to do our best."
AMIS to solve food crisis in Nigeria–Oyawale
Vanguard
National Project Coordinator of Agricultural Market and Information System, AMIS, Mr. Olutayo Oyawale in this interview, among other issues, explains how AMIS can help in solving food crisis in Nigeria. Why has it become necessary to galvanize a …
and more »
WARSAW, Poland — Poland's Senate approved draft legislation Thursday penalizing suggestions of any complicity by the country in the Nazi Holocaust on its soil during the Second World War.
The move has the potential to strain relations with both Israel and the United States. Critics have raised concerns that the Polish state will decide itself what it considers to be facts. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has compared it to an effort to change history.
The bill calls for up to three years in prison for a mention of "Polish death camps," although scientific research into World War Two would not be constrained.
Poland has fought against the use of the phrase in some Western media for years, arguing it suggested the Polish state was at least partly responsible for the camps, where millions of people were killed by Nazi Germany.
Senators voted 57 to 23 in favor of the bill with two abstentions. To become law, the bill requires approval from President Andrzej Duda, who supports it.
Polish President Andrzej Duda Janek Skarzynski / AFP/Getty Images file
Though Deputy Justice Minister Patryk Jaki suggested Israel had been consulted on the bill and voiced no objections, many in Israel have argued that the move is an attempt to whitewash the role some Poles played in the killing of Jews during World War II.
Poland has gone through a painful public debate in recent years about guilt and reconciliation over the Holocaust.
The camps were built and operated by the Nazis after the 1939 invasion of Poland, home to Europe's largest Jewish community at the time.
Halina Birenbaum, a Holocaust survivor and acclaimed Israeli author, called the new law "madness," telling Israel's Army Radio it was "ludicrous and disproportionate to what actually happened to Jews there."
Birenbaum, a member of the International Auschwitz Committee, said they were concerned the Polish government "might arrest me there for what I'm saying now."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Holocaust survivor speaks about Auschwitz liberation 4:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Israeli Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz said the law constituted "a denial of Poland's part in the Holocaust of the Jews."
Just hours before the Senate's vote, the U.S. asked Poland to rethink the proposed legislation saying it could "undermine free speech and academic discourse."
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert voiced concern about the "repercussions this draft legislation, if enacted, could have on Poland's strategic interests and relationships — including with the United States and Israel."
But Jaki, the deputy justice minister, said the country had to "send a clear signal to the world that we won't allow for Poland to continue being insulted."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Eight Facts About Auschwitz 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Poland was home to some 3.2 million Jews before the war. Germany attacked and occupied Poland in 1939 and later built death camps, including Auschwitz and Treblinka, on Polish soil. Most of the Jews who lived in Poland were killed by the Nazi occupiers.
According to figures from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Germans also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians during World War Two.
BISHOPVILLE, S.C. — A coroner says the seven inmates killed during a South Carolina prison riot earlier this month all bled to death from stab wounds.
Lee County Coroner Larry Logan said Tuesday all the inmates had several stab or cutting wounds inflicted inside Lee Correctional Institution on April 15 and 16.
Authorities say inmates in three wings of the maximum-security prison fought uninterrupted for several hours in a battle over territory and contraband. Inmates reported seeing fellow prisoners slowly die as prison officials tried to gather enough people to restore order.
At least 20 inmates have been killed by other inmates in South Carolina prisons in the past 16 months.
The State Law Enforcement Division continues to investigate the riot. No charges have been filed.
Twenty-two inmates were hurt.
8am-4pm
The Wing Ding is our annual event that gets the whole town buzzing – everyone in town has a garage sale – There is a vendor area with so many amazing things for sale, live music, stuff for the kids and amazing foods and treats! FREE TO ATTEND.
For more information click HERE.
A couple of glasses a day to relax really does help clear the mind, a new study found.
The tipple not only help keeps down inflammation but helps flush the brain of toxins, including those associated with Alzheimer's disease and dementia.
Lead author Dr Maiken Nedergaard, co-director of the Centre for Translational Neuromedicine said: “Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system.
“However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste.”
The new study adds to a growing body of research that daily low amounts of alcohol is good for you.
While excessive drinking is harmful, many studies have linked lower levels of drinking with a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases as well as a number of cancers.
Dr Nedergaard's research focused on the glymphatic system, the brain's unique cleaning process first described by them and their colleagues in 2012.
They showed how cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) is pumped into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins beta amyloid and tau associated with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
Subsequent research showed the glymphatic system was more active while we slept, can be damaged by stroke and trauma, and improves with exercise.
The new study looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure.
The study by University of Rochester Medical Centre was conducted in mice who drank the equivalent of two-and-a-half drinks of wine a day.
The NHS recommends men and women not to drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis with one unit equal to 10ml or 8g of pure alcohol.
A standard 175ml glass of 12 per cent red, white or rose wine has 2.1 units.
The mice were given received low, intermediate, and high doses of alcohol at 0.5, 1.5 and 4g/kg. When they studied the brains of animals exposed to high levels of alcohol over a long period of time, they observed high levels of a molecular marker for inflammation, particularly in cells called astrocytes which are key regulators of the glymphatic system.
They also noted impairment of the animal's cognitive abilities and motor skills.
Yet mice exposed to low levels of alcohol consumption, analogous to approximately two-and-a-half drinks per day, actually showed less inflammation in the brain. Their glymphatic system was also more efficient in moving CSF through the brain and removing waste, compared to control “teetotal” mice.
Yet mice who drank low amounts also performed identically to the “teetotal” mice in cognitive and motor test.
Dr Nedergaard said: “We here investigated the effect of acute and chronic alcohol treatments on glymphatic function in mice, finding that acute alcohol intake potently alters glymphatic function in the awake state depending on the dosage.
“Intermediate dose alcohol exposure (1.5 g/kg), corresponding to 7.9 standard daily drinks (NIH definition; 12-ounce beers containing 5% alcohol, or 5-ounce glasses of wine containing 12% alcohol for a person weighing 70 kg), decreased glymphatic function following both acute and 30 days of chronic exposure. “The suppression of glymphatic function was however not permanent, because glymphatic function was restored at 24 hours after termination of chronic moderate alcohol administration.
“A very high dose of alcohol (4 g/kg), corresponding to 21 standard drinks per day, also to acutely reduce glymphatic function.
“Unexpectedly, however, the low dose of alcohol (0.5 g/kg) significantly improved glymphatic activity, acutely and after 30 days of chronic exposure.”
Dr Nedergaard added: “The data on the effects of alcohol on the glymphatic system seemingly matches the J-shaped model relating to the dose effects of alcohol on general health and mortality, whereby low doses of alcohol are beneficial, while excessive consumption is detrimental to overall health.
“Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia, while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline.
“This study may help explain why this occurs. Specifically, low doses of alcohol appear to improve overall brain health.
“In conclusion, the main finding of this study is that a low dose of ethanol, comparable to 2.6 daily drink equivalents (for a 70kg person) per day, increases glymphatic function in mice, which is expected to facilitate clearance of metabolic waste and potentially toxic proteins from the interstitial fluid.”
The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports.
× Expand Photo by Sarah Finnegan. Russet Woods boasts 950 homes, a third of which take part in the optional homeowners Association.
Like many communities today, Russet Woods started out small.
In the early 1970s, Albert Awtrey, a managing partner with Awtrey Realty, built many of the homes in Russet Woods, said Karen Apel, president of the neighborhood's homeowners Association. Sitting in the southwest of Hoover, this would mark the start of the neighborhood, although it would be a little while longer until it was annexed into Hoover in the late 1980s.
“We didn't even have a Hoover zip code [at that time] I don't think,” said Diane Camp with the Russet Woods HOA, founded in 1987. “There was no cable, and the water came from a different area [than Birmingham Water Works].”
Local resident Ed Wertz added that often times, the water was “unreliable at best.”
Despite the challenges of a new community, families began moving to the neighborhood and Russet Woods.
“Russet Woods continued to expand from the sleepy little backwoods (or so it seemed — my mother referred to it as ‘Podunk') community into the huge development it is today,” Wertz said.
By 1997, the residents came together to raise $20,000 to tear down the existing sign to build a new brick sign for the entrance.
“It used to be wooden and really bad. You could hardly see it,” Camp said. “We did brick by brick, and everybody gave money for it. We built this beautiful brick sign at the entrance.”
Now, the neighborhood that started as only a few paved streets has flourished to have 950 homes, about a third of which take part in the optional HOA Camp said, and has a park next to Johnsons Lake for local residents.
“It is still an area where young families want to raise their children,” Apel said. “Couples who were raised in this neighborhood moved back into the neighborhood to raise their children.”
Two weeks after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico, millions of residents remain without power, food, running water or reliable means of communicating with the rest of the world. Their situation is still desperate, but there are many ways we can help.
Here's what we can do right now.
Donate Money To A Legit Charity
The first and perhaps most obvious way to help Puerto Rico — or any disaster-affected region — is by donating money. Make sure to send funds to an established charity, as scam artists are raring to take advantage of those with open hearts — and open pocketbooks.
"Always beware of fake charity websites that pop up looking to take advantage of those wanting to donate for a recent disaster," says Michael Lai, CEO of Sitejabber, a web site that helps consumers find trustworthy online businesses and avoid scams.
"Also be on the lookout for anyone soliciting money of behalf of a charity. If someone calls you to solicit donations, this is most likely a different type of charity scam looking to steal personal information. Never give out your social security number or home address or anything to these callers."
Christopher Olivola, assistant professor of marketing at the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University recommends The Life You Can Save and GiveWell, which help "identify the charities that will make the most of each dollar donated (in terms of lives helped/saved)."
Erin Taylor, director of communications for humanitarian response at Save The Children recommends that prospective donors verify charities either through Charity Navigator or GuideStar.
In Puerto Rico, Sara and their daughter are learning to cope with the realities of life and loss following Hurricane Maria. Almost half the island has no access to clean water and many are without power, food and basic necessities. We're on the ground providing critical aid to children and families who need it most. You can help us ensure they survive this crisis, recover from their losses and rebuild their lives. Please donate through the link in our bio. A post shared by savethechildren (@savethechildren) on Oct 6, 2017 at 6:09am PDT
Taylor adds that Save The Children is on the ground now in Puerto Rico, and plans to be "for the months ahead." The charity is asking for monetary donations and not supplies because "cash allows us to target the response as we see needs to come up — then we're able to distribute goods in a way that has the greatest impact. What we wouldn't want to have happened is for there to be things donated with the best of intentions and then as the needs evolve we can't use them," says Taylor.
WASHINGTON — A pro-Bernie Sanders group has canceled an anti-Hillary Clinton protest, its organizer told NBC News on Monday.
The event, created by the leader of a local chapter of Our Revolution, prompted backlash from Clinton allies, leading Sanders' top adviser to condemn it and disassociate their boss from the group, which grew out of Sanders presidential campaign.
The episode shows that, two years later, Democrats still can't quite shake the ghost of 2016 and the hard-fought presidential primary between Clinton and Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont. And it's another demonstration of the challenges Sanders faces in leading a movement that acts in their name but is often beyond their control — even as they reportedly prepare for a second presidential bid in 2020.
Ellen Faden said they had no idea their protest would cause such an uproar.
The founder of the Hazlet, New Jersey, chapter of Our Revolution objected to the fact that Rutgers University is paying Clinton $25,000 for an upcoming speech, so they thought she'd use the event to make a point about money in politics.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 2020 Watch: Democrats (and some Republicans) lay the groundwork for a presidential run 9:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Faden had organized a similar demonstration outside a Bill Clinton event in California, where they used to live, that drew little attention and attracted only about a dozen participants. So they expected similarly low turnout when they posted an event listing on Our Revolution's website inviting people to protest Clinton's Rutgers speech on March 29.
“When I put it up, nothing happened for about a week or more. And then all of a sudden, I got one comment, and then it was like hundreds of comments," Faden said. “It did absolutely touch a sore spot with us, with Democrats, because I do consider myself a Democrat."
Over the weekend, the event caught fire on Twitter among Clinton and Sanders supporters, who still regularly duke it out on social media.
To Clinton allies, like their former spokesperson, Philippe Reines, who played Donald Trump in their debate prep sessions, it was evidence that Sanders and their supporters are obsessed with tearing Clinton down and dividing the party, even when it seems to play right into Trump's hands.
Bernie & donald sitting in a tree, o b s e s s i n g.
Both pro-Russia.
Both pro-guns.
Both pro-faking party affiliation.
Both pro-whining “Rigged!”
Both pro-forgetting they lost by 6,576,985 votes.
Both anti-HRC.
Both on a 3rd party ticket: Trump-Sanders 2016 & 2020 https://t.co/KOFhiFaVzr — Philippe Reines (@PhilippeReines) March 19, 2018
Democrats of all stripes called on Our Revolution to remove the event from the group's national website, saying progressives should be focused on fighting Republicans, not each other.
The event listing remained online, but a disclaimer was appended reading: “Events are created by local grass-roots organizers and are not necessarily endorsed by Our Revolution National."
In the past, Clinton has donated honorariums from public universities to charity, including the Clinton Foundation. A spokesperson for Clinton confirmed Monday that they will donate the honorarium for the Rutgers speech, as well.
Late Sunday night, Sanders' former campaign manager and current senior adviser, Jeff Weaver, entered the fray to make it clear that Sanders themselves did not condone the event.
“Our Revolution and Senator Sanders operate independently. Our Revolution has autonomous chapters all across the country," Weaver said in a statement. "That being said, this is no time to be protesting Hillary Clinton or any Democrat."
On Monday morning, Our Revolution's high command called Faden, who then told NBC News they would cancel the event and was working to remove it from the website and Facebook.
"I'm still going to go myself, just as a private citizen, but with nothing whatsoever to do with Our Revolution," they said. "I don't want to jeopardize anything with Our Revolution. I really didn't expect this to happen."
In a statement, Our Revolution President Nina Turner said the organization did not endorse the event, but that the decision to cancel it did not come from on high.
"The Rutgers protest of Secretary Clinton was created by one local group, not an event endorsed by the national organization or myself," Turner said. "With almost 600 local groups, Our Revolution encourages a wide range of opinions and respects everyone's right to peaceful protest. This group has decided, on their own, to cancel this event. We are open to working with individuals and groups who believe in the founding principals of our Revolution."
It's not the first time Sanders has had to publicly distance themselves from their own group.
Our Revolution, which shares its name with Sanders' book, spun directly out of their presidential campaign. Weaver initially helmed the organization before turning it over to Turner, a former Ohio state senator, and other Sanders surrogates.
But campaign finance rules prohibit Sanders from exerting much influence over the group, which prides itself on bottom-up decision-making driven by grass-roots activists, who often chafe at pressure from above.
Both Sanders and Our Revolution benefit from their perceived association, so neither is exactly keen to advertise their independence. But the status has created awkward situations where Sanders and Our Revolution have diverged.
For instance, last month, Sanders was compelled to put out a statement breaking from Our Revolution after they endorsed former member of congress Dennis Kucinich in the Ohio governor's race.
"Our Revolution is doing a great job, but I am not involved with it, and it would be illegal for me to be involved. Let me be very clear: Bernie Sanders will make endorsements, and Our Revolution will make endorsements," Sanders said. "I've known Dennis Kucinich forever. I consider them a friend. But I am not making an endorsement there."
It's a similar situation to the one their fellow Vermonter, Howard Dean, found themselves them in when the group that grew out of their 2004 presidential campaign, Democracy for America, endorsed Sanders while Dean themselves backed Clinton.
But as the 2018 midterms heat up, tensions may only become more apparent as Our Revolution and Sanders make more endorsements in competitive Democratic primaries across the country.
Marshawn Lynch's store offers free haircuts to kids with good grades
Marshawn Lynch is doing a lot more than just selling apparel at their Beast Mode store in Oakland. He's also trying to help reinforce good schoolwork among kids.
Lynch has two Beast Mode store locations — one in Seattle, where they were a huge part of the Seahawks, and the other in Oakland, where they grew up and now plays for the Raiders.
USA Today's Jarrett Bell took a photo outside the Oakland store and shared it on Twitter Wednesday. It shows a promotion that Lynch's store is running where they're offering free haircuts to students who bring in their report card.
Cool thing about @MoneyLynch: Kids can bring good report cards to their BeastMode store in Oakland, get free haircut! pic.twitter.com/Ca5WUpXHEQ — Jarrett Bell (@JarrettBell) June 15, 2017
The word is those with a GPA over 3.00 qualify for the free haircut.
Beyond all the funny quotes and quirky personality is also someone who truly wants to uplift their community. Lynch's efforts should be commended.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The Latest on Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and Vegas Golden Knights (all times local):
6:25 p.m.
Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is under way in Las Vegas.
Imagine Dragons kicked up the pregame festivities a notch, playing its hit "Whatever It Takes," following the Vegas Golden Knights' elaborate show that precedes each game.
The Washington Capitals trail Vegas 1-0 but are used to playing from behind. Washington fell behind in each of the first three rounds and rallied to win.
The Capitals opened the playoffs with two losses to Columbus before roaring back to win four straight. They lost Game 1 in the second round against Pittsburgh before bouncing back with a win in Game 2 and eliminating the two-time defending champion Penguins in Game 6.
Washington won its first two games against Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals, but then lost three straight, forcing the franchise to win two decisive games to advance.
If the Capitals end up winning the Final, they will join the 1991 Pittsburgh Penguins as the only Stanley Cup champions to trail in every series.
___
4:20 p.m.
Hours before Vegas hosted Washington in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, fans filed in the plaza outside T-Mobile Arena on a 98-degree day in the desert.
Some of those gathered were holding the hottest ticket in town. Many planned to simply soak up the atmosphere while watching the game on big screens outside the arena with thousands of new friends.
The Golden Knights' logo was worked into hairdos of fans willing to make the commitment while others opted to have their face painted in black and gold.
___
2:15 p.m.
The Strip has hosted countless events over the years, featuring stars on stage and in the ring.
Las Vegas can now add a championship game in a major professional sports league to its list.
And, Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final has a tough act to follow.
The Vegas Golden Knights opened with a 6-4 win over the Washington Capitals, co-starring teams that combined for a Final-record four lead changes.
There also were big hits, some which might have lingering effects Wednesday night.
Washington's Tom Wilson was penalized for blindsiding Vegas' Jonathan Marchessault after they passed the puck in Game 1. Ryan Reaves scored a tying goal Monday night after appearing to get away with cross-checking Capitals defenseman John Carlson.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
(AP Photo/Louis Lanzano, Pool, File). FILE- In this Nov. 15, 2012, file photo, Pedro Hernandez appears in Manhattan criminal court in New York. Hernandez, convicted of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz who disappeared in 1979, is set to learn theirs punishment...
NEW YORK (AP) - The man convicted of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz (AY'-tahn PAYTS') is set to learn their punishment in one of America's most notorious missing-child cases.
Pedro Hernandez's sentencing is set for Tuesday afternoon.
Etan disappeared in 1979 as they walked to their school bus stop in downtown Manhattan. They were among the first missing children pictured on milk cartons, and the anniversary of their May 25 disappearance became National Missing Children's Day.
No trace of them has ever been found.
Hernandez worked at a convenience shop by the bus stop. Now 56, they aren't a suspect until police got a tip in 2012.
The Maple Shade, New Jersey, man then confessed. Their lawyers say he's mentally ill and their admissions were false. The attorneys have vowed to appeal.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As online shopping grows, some small businesses can struggle to keep up.
With a little less than tow weeks until Christmas, many stores here in downtown Owensboro are happy with how their holiday shopping season is going. After the hustle and bustle of Shop Small Saturday, some locally owned stores can be forgotten in the Holiday shopping season.
But Jessica Woods, the owner of Byron and Barclay, believes that people come to downtown Owensboro because no where else in the area offers such unique stores.
"I think that, you know no matter where they shop, downtown Owensboro has those unique places that are boutiques and locally owned," Woods explained. "And a lot of people are going towards getting most of their gifts from there if they can."
This is just the store's second Holiday season, but Woods is happy with how it's going.
"So now it's kind of exciting to hear people say 'I just want something from Byron and Barclay,'" said Woods.
While many go to big box retailers for Christmas shopping, Jessica is glad the community members have rallied around local businesses in Owensboro.
"We're always super excited that, you know, business is booming," explained Woods.
Stores like Byron and Barclay are having new deals each day to bring new people into the doors for their Holiday shopping.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese conglomerate HNA Group, which operates Hainan Airlines and other businesses around the world, says its co-chairperson has died while on a business trip in France.
HNA Group said Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered "severe injuries" in a fall and died Tuesday at age 57. It gave no other details.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA grew to become China's fourth-largest airline and expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Actress Susan Peters: Cee-C is a Disgrace, Them Bad Character Made Them Win Nothing
Nollywood actor, Susan Peters has slammed ex-BBNaija housemate, Cee-C, whom they say was disgraced for not winning anything. According to her, the reality tv star's bad character made them lose a lot to the extent that even those they claim to be better than went home with lots of prizes while they didn't.
Susan Peters wrote:
”Food for thought, if you disagree just jejely don't be toxic cos I will block you. Alex won something( 550k close up challenge, dano milk challenge) including their mother's kitchen refurbished despite being called an animal and not them level.
Nina won Head of House and also a trip to Russia for the world cup and one Pepsi event in Dubai despite being called a dustbin with water in their brain.
Tobi won 1m, won Heritage Bank package, Headof house and 2nd runner-up even though they were insulted infinity
Ifunnada didn't make it to the finals but won 2.5m, a vintage Pepsi branded fridge and a year supply of Pepsi and aquafina water
Leo didn't make it to the finals but won 2.5m, a vintage Pepsi branded fridge and a year supply of Pepsi and aquafina water
This life NEVER look down on anyone because people's grace differ.
Ceec won nothing even the head of house didn't last. They won nothing. Getting to the finals as the last woman standing without anything is nothing! They were disgrace. Well they won Adesua's earrings so that's something
People they said are not their level went home making their parents proud.
If you like to take your bad character anywhere thinking the universe will clap for you. No one is perfect but every adult is responsible for their actions.
I said it before andI repeat it again, Virginity will never get you an award as much as good character will give. Being a virgin is self discipline but having a good character will take you places.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Yankees reportedly interested in Gerrit Cole
The New York Yankees have landed Giancarlo Stanton, but they may not be finished in the trade market just yet.
According to Jon Heyman of FanRag Sports, the Yankees have interest in trading for Pittsburgh Pirates starter Gerrit Cole. The Pirates, however, are said to be unlikely to move their ace.
Yankees are interested in gerrit cole, who they once drafted. But initial impression is pirates arent trading him. — Jon Heyman (@JonHeyman) December 11, 2017
Cole has been the subject of trade rumors for a while now, though Pittsburgh has never come particularly close to moving him. The 27-year-old is coming off a down season in which they posted a career-worst 4.26 ERA and is under team control for two more seasons. From the Pirates' perspective, trading them right now just doesn't make a ton of sense.
Diego Costa insists they are feeling the love of their Chelsea team-mates despite being frozen out of Antonio Conte's plans this season.
The Spain striker, who scored 20 goals in the Blues' title-winning campaign last time out, has been exiled this term and watched the club's shock 3-2 opening-day loss to Burnley from their hometown of Lagarto in Brazil.
Costa has claimed that Conte told them via text in June that they were no longer wanted, while the Stamford Bridge club say the 28-year-old was made aware of their plans in January.
Amid all the acrimony, Costa is heartened to have the support of their playing colleagues.
"When the manager does not want you, you have to go," they told The Daily Mail.
"If you were to ask all my team-mates, they'd say the same. They send messages saying 'I miss you' and that they love me.
"I am always talking with the boys - particularly Cesc Fabregas, David Luiz and Willian. We have banter over WhatsApp.
"They ask how I am. They really love me for the person I am. If they didn't, they wouldn't be saying they miss me and love me."
Just as the days of sweater weather and apple cider are getting started, one reality remains: winter is coming. And as meteorologists recently announced, it's going to be a cold one.
In the Northeast and mid-Atlantic regions, people can expect a colder winter than last year, and these dropping temps could lead to an above-average amount of snowfall. New York and Boston, in particular, should be prepared for more snow than usual because early predictions have called for 6 inches above normal, according to AccuWeather.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
“I think this year is going to bring a good ski season in the Northeast,” said Paul Pastelok, the lead long-range forecaster for AccuWeather. "And around the holidays we should have some snow for the interior Northeast.”
The Plains should brace for subzero temperatures (as in, minus 30°F), which are predicted to make an appearance on a regular basis. The Rockies and the Northwest should prepare for an abundance of snowfall thanks to a weak La Niña that may form. La Niña marks an irregularly cold weather pattern caused by cold ocean temperatures in the Pacific. As of now, there is up to a 60 percent chance that La Niña will develop this fall or winter, Weather.com reports.
So overall: lots of snow, and lots of frigid temps.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But it's not bad news across the board. Pastelok and AccuWeather report that a less snowy and less wet winter is expected in central and northern California. Many Southern states, including Florida and Georgia, will experience a mostly dry winter with above normal temperatures. In the southern Plains and areas of Texas, the winter will largely have dry periods overall with few winter storms.
Farmers' Almanac
Farmers' Almanac released a similar prediction for most of the country earlier this year in their 2018 winter outlook. The guide also flagged certain dates to expect heavy rain and snowfall along the Atlantic Seaboard this winter: January 20-23, February 4-7, February 16-19, March 1-3, and March 20-23.
Enjoy that apple cider for now. Pretty soon, you'll be trading it in for a pair of gloves and a snow shovel.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Get the Better newsletter.
We're heading into summer — time to kick back and relax, right? Not for a lot of us. More than half of U.S. workers don't use all of their vacation days, even though taking time to rest and rejuvenate is key to productivity.
People recognize that they need this time for themselves — in a survey of full-time workers in the U.S. 45 percent say that paid time off for mental health days would help them beat burnout. But they struggle to break away from the incessant demands of the office.
45 percent of full-time workers say that paid time off for mental health days would help them beat burnout. 45 percent of full-time workers say that paid time off for mental health days would help them beat burnout.
Even a single day off can feel like a break, and summer is an ideal time to get a day to yourself on the calendar.
WHY WE NEED TO RECHARGE
When you work without breaks you're busy, but not necessarily productive. “It's important to have opportunities to rest and reflect and recharge. It's a mistake to think that more hours worked equals more productivity,” says Leah Weiss, Ph.D., author of “How We Work” and a Stanford Graduate School of Business lecturer. “Our bodies and minds are not meant to push constantly — even elite athletes need to have rest as part of the process of becoming stronger.”
Tara O'Sullivan, chief creative officer at Skillsoft, compares time off to sleep. “Sleep is when everything repairs itself and allows the body to recover. You need to allow your thought process to do the same,” they say.
Our bodies and minds are not meant to push constantly — even elite athletes need to have rest as part of the process of becoming stronger. Our bodies and minds are not meant to push constantly — even elite athletes need to have rest as part of the process of becoming stronger.
Sacrifice your need to recharge and ultimately you sacrifice your health. “You're not doing anybody any favors if you give up your mental health for a job. The healthiest people are the ones who take time for themselves and their families,” says Katherine Nelson, an instructor in the human resource management department at Temple University's Fox School of Business in Philadelphia.
United Airlines won't forget Dr. David Dao.
The company's chief executive, Oscar Munoz, said Monday that Dao's forced, bloodied — and viral — removal from a flight that they had paid for last week would serve as a "watershed moment" for the airline.
Oscar Munoz, chief executive officer of United listens during a discussion at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce aviation summit in Washington on March 2, 2017. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty Images
"The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience and I take full responsibility," Munoz said in a statement accompanying its better-than-anticipated first-quarter earnings report. "This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company."
Dao, 69, suffered a broken nose, a concussion and they lost two front teeth after refusing to leave the April 13 flight from Chicago to their home state of Kentucky.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Crisis in 'The Friendly Skies' of United 4:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The airline had said that it needed room on the sold-out flight for four additional crew members, and it randomly selected Dao and three others to leave the plane in exchange for $800 vouchers.
Dao refused, and cell phone video showed Chicago Department of Aviation officers dragging them from their seat. Dao, dazed and bloodied, reportedly returned to the airplane, explaining that they needed to get home because they were a doctor with patients to treat.
Related: Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Stands to Gain in a Lawsuit, Experts Say
What happened to Dao, however, is just one in a string of recent publicity nightmares for the airline.
Last month, after a United gate agent at Denver International Airport barred female passengers from boarding because their leggings violated the airline's clothing policy, an angry witness accused the company on Twitter of policing women's clothing.
1) A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed? — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) March 26, 2017
The outrage was swift, especially on social media, where people called the company sexist and clamored for a boycott.
United, meanwhile, said it was merely enforcing stricter clothing rules for so-called "pass riders" — or passengers traveling as friends and family of the airline.
"There is a dress code for pass travelers as they are representing UA when they fly," the airline said.
Related: United Fiasco: How Do Airlines Select Who to Remove From Overbooked Flights?
Last week, a scorpion fell out of an overhead bin on a flight between Houston and Calgary, stinging a man and leaving them with non-life threatening injuries, and on Saturday, a couple traveling to their wedding in Costa Rica were booted them from their flight after a dispute over their seats.
Back at United HQ, Munoz insisted that the company will rehabilitate its battered reputation.
"We are more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do," their statement said. "We are dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
SALEM, Ore. — The head of Oregon's emergency management agency has apologized after a cryptic emergency alert was forced out to cellphones in and around Oregon's capital city, displaying the words "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action," but carrying little other information.
Andrew Phelps said late Tuesday that a technical glitch had cut off crucial information: that the alert concerned elevated levels of a natural toxin in a local reservoir. Children and people with compromised immune systems have been told not to drink tap water in the Salem, Oregon, area, after an algae bloom caused the spike.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on the social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
The systems are capable of pushing messages directly to every cellphone in a given area even if users haven't subscribed or downloaded an app. Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Oregon on May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. Tom James / AP
Confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with a spokesperson telling reporters the message had caught them unawares and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website, which briefly crashed under the load.
Within hours of the alert going out Tuesday night, the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center were stripped of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers had brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify.
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge – one count of rape of an intoxicated person – on Monday. Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement they tried to convince the victim to testify, but they refused.
The woman said they slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall after that because of their initial head injury and alcohol consumption. They accused McDonald of carrying them upstairs to their bedroom and sexually assaulting them
McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison.
Returning from suspension, Ibrahimovic scored their first goals since mid-April as the Galaxy were beaten at StubHub Center.
Ryan Hollingshead completed a nice team move to give Dallas the lead, which was doubled before half-time when Cristian Colman headed in.
A goal from Carlos Gruezo put the visitors in complete control before Ibrahimovic – earlier denied by the offside flag – drilled in their fourth MLS goal.
Colman saw red with 10 minutes remaining before Ibrahimovic turned in a late finish, but the Galaxy were unable to find an equaliser as they were left in eighth in the Western Conference.
At Gillette Stadium, Eastern Conference leader Atlanta United was held to a 1-1 draw by New England Revolution.
Josef Martinez opened the scoring for Atlanta with their ninth of the season, but they were pegged back late.
Teal Bunbury converted an 88th-minute penalty for the Revolution, who are sixth in the east.
Philadelphia Union extended its unbeaten run to four matches with a 3-1 win at home to Chicago Fire.
A late winner from Kyle Beckerman helped Real Salt Lake to a 2-1 victory over the Houston Dynamo.
Now it risks falling behind rivals like Lyft and the ride-sharing service that Google spin-off Waymo will launch later this year.
A profit is a rarity for Uber — the last time coming in the third quarter of 2016 when it largely exited the Chinese market. And, after stripping out one-time gains and expenses, it still went $601 million into the red for January-to-March 2018 despite having revenues climb to $11.33 billion, up from $10.9 billion during the final three months of 2017.
“We plan to reinvest any overperformance even more aggressively this year, both in our core business as well in big bets like Uber Eats globally,” Khosrowshahi said.
The most recent quarter saw Uber sell off a Southeast Asian ride and food delivery service to Grab, a Singapore-based rival. It was the latest in a series of global cuts: the San Francisco-based company sold its Chinese operations to Didi Chuxing two years earlier, though it did take a minority stake in the Chinese challenger. Last year, Uber also took a minority stake in a new joint venture with Russia's Yandex, which took over ride-sharing operations in Russia and other parts of Eastern Europe. That deal also closed during the most recent quarter.
Uber isn't completely walking away from overseas operations, however. It reported that gross bookings, which include not only rides requested by customers, but food deliveries by its Uber Eats service, rose 55 percent year-over-year. While hard numbers weren't released, Khosrowshahi indicated Uber had regained some market share in the U.S. after dropping below 80 percent last fall. That has limited the service's ability to price its services high enough to climb solidly into the black.
Despite adding services like Uber Eats and paring down unprofitable operations, Uber continues to struggle to reduce the biggest expense it has to deal with: the cost of its drivers. If anything, that could press even higher than, on Wednesday, the company said it would start providing some health benefits for drivers and couriers in Europe, and may do elsewhere in the future.
Uber's aggressive autonomous vehicle program aims to remove drivers entirely in order to drive down the price of a ride.
Under Kalanick, Uber launched an aggressive autonomous vehicle program with the ultimate goal of removing drivers entirely in order to slash operating costs and drive the price of a ride down so low that millions of Americans will no longer bother to own a personal vehicle but switch to ride-sharing.
But the Pittsburgh-based project has run into a series of snags. In late 2016 it briefly pulled out of San Francisco after a tiff with California regulators. It shifted the primary focus of a pilot program to Phoenix, the same city where Waymo is testing its own autonomous prototypes. But, in March, an Uber-modified Volvo XC90 hit and killed a pedestrian despite having a back-up “operator” behind the wheel who was supposed to retake control in an emergency.
It was soon learned that Uber had disabled the SUV's standard-issue collision avoidance system and its own autonomous technology failed to react despite spotting the pedestrian six seconds before the collision. The human driver was distracted and looking away at the time.
Uber initially said it would put the program on hold until a determination was released by the National Transportation Safety Board. On Wednesday, however, it said it was shutting down the Arizona project entirely and laying off 300 local workers.
Uber said it will resume pilot programs in Pittsburgh and San Francisco later this year, after the official NTSB ruling is released.
While it wasn't a factor showing up on Uber's balance sheet, Khosrowshahi has been actively working to move away from the frat boy culture that dominated the company during the early years — and which led to a variety of complaints and lawsuits. It has also tried to repair an image damaged by reports of sexual assaults against both drivers and passengers. Earlier this month the CEO decided to lift from Uber's terms of service a requirement that victims engage in private mediation, something critics argued helped the company keep down media coverage.
Former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick leaves the Phillip Burton Federal Building on day three of the trial between Waymo and Uber Technologies on Feb. 7, 2018 in San Francisco. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
Kalanick was forced out because of the growing controversies that had led many customers to stop using Uber — and Khosrowshahi is well aware that they need to fix the company's image before taking Uber public.
In the nearer term, Uber also announced a trio of investment firms will purchase $600 million worth of stock, a move valuing Uber at around $62 billion, or about $8 billion more than General Motors, which is planning to use self-driving vehicles for its own Maven sharing service starting in 2019.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Croydon Council and waste management company Veolia have been fined more than £350,000 in total after an employee with learning difficulties suffered life-changing injuries when they were crushed by a dustcart.
The man, who was employed by the council as a workshop cleaner, was hit by the 17-tonne Veolia vehicle as it reversed on May 9, 2016.
They were rushed to hospital, having suffered fractures to their right fibula, femur, knee, ankle, wrist and hand in the incident.
The man, who had been diagnosed with a learning disability - defined by charity Mencap as "a reduced intellectual ability and difficulty with everyday activities" - also had to have a skin graft on their hand as a result of the trauma.
An investigation into the incident by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) found the workshop cleaner was employed as a ‘supported employee' - meaning other workers knew they needed extra supervision.
Due to their role, they were often required to work in parts of the site, such as the workshop, where large vehicles with low rear visibility for drivers were manoeuvring - but they were known to have a history of standing in the path of moving vehicles.
This was an issue known to both the council and Veolia, which they failed to address adequately, Southwark Crown Court heard.
(Image: David Cook)
The court also heard how the man was "left with no active management" after their supervisors and managers communicated less with them as their term of employment progressed.
It was later found that Croydon Council had relied upon a historical ‘agreement' from 2003 whereby the council's previous waste contractor had agreed to supervise the workshop cleaner.
The council was found to have failed in its duty due to the presumption Veolia was managing the individual and that the council should have been in contact with Veolia to keep the employee safe.
The court heard Veolia did not recognise the ‘agreement' from 2003 and nor did it require the services of the workshop cleaner but, nevertheless, they continued to work within the workshop and had done since the contract began.
It was found in court that Veolia failed to take reasonably practicable precautions to ensure the injured party was safe while working on site.
The location of the workshop has not been revealed.
The court also heard both the council and Veolia failed to take into account the specific capabilities of the man, who was described as "vulnerable" by the HSE.
Croydon Council pleaded guilty to breaching section 2(1) of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 and was fined £100,000 and ordered to pay costs of £10,842.83.
Veolia pleaded guilty to breaching section 3(1) of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 and was handed a £250,000 fine and ordered to pay £11,359.83 in costs.
Speaking after the hearing, HSE inspector Megan Carr said: “This serious workplace transport incident could have been avoided if both duty holders had taken the appropriate safety precautions when planning this activity.
“Failing to identify the risks led to this man suffering serious life changing injuries.”
Commenting on the case, a Croydon Council spokesperson said: "We fully accept the Health and Safety Executive's findings and the court's decision.
"We are extremely sorry that we let our employee and their family down.
"Since this accident we have continued to support him, and we have also reviewed and improved all relevant health and safety practices so this never happens again.”
A couple flying to Costa Rica from Houston for their wedding claims United Airlines had a federal marshal remove them from the flight before take-off on Saturday due to a dispute about their seats.
Michael Hohl and their fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were connecting on United Flight 1737 through Houston to Liberia, Costa Rica and told KHOU that they boarded the plane last and found someone already napping in their seats.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Could you be removed from a plane? What you need to know about your rights 3:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Rather than ask the man to move or ask a flight attendant to have them to do so, Hohl said the couple instead sat in empty seats three rows up.
"We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat," Hohl told KHOU, "We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat."
But the seats the couple chose to sit in were upgraded "Economy Plus" seats, which offer extra legroom and are only available for free to high tier passengers in United's loyalty program or to passengers who pay an extra fee.
A flight attendant asked the couple to return to their assigned seats. Hohl said that after asking for an upgrade, the couple complied with the flight attendant's demand, but a U.S. Marshal boarded the plane and asked the couple to get off.
They Said, They Said
United Airlines and the Transportation Security Administration have a different version of the incident.
Transportation Security Administration spokesperson Michael McCarthy confirmed to NBC that no federal marshals, nor any TSA officers, were involved in this incident.
In a statement, United said that the couple was offered the opportunity to pay the difference in fare, but they declined and would not follow crew member instructions to return to their assigned seats.
"The couple was asked to leave the plane by our staff and complied," the airline added, and was offered a discounted hotel rate for Saturday evening and rebooked on a flight Sunday morning.
Hohl and their fiancé are unhappy with the way they were treated by the airline.
However, in this case, "the flight attendants were just doing their job," said George Hobica of Airfarewatchdog.com, "I have seen passengers reseating themselves in seats they didn't pay for, and it doesn't seem fair." Nor does it seem fair, they said, to put flight attendants in the position of having to police the cabin for passengers who have switched seats.
@TeenVogue No, these people were trying to get an upgrade without paying. Not the same. — LindsAy (@stellar_zee) April 17, 2017
Moving into empty, higher priced seats at sporting events and theaters is not uncommon, but "United is not the villain here, the airline was completely within its rights," said Henry Harteveldt, a travel expert and principal at Atmosphere Research. "Passengers can be removed from a flight if they deliberately disobey crew instructions and the flight attendant did exactly what they should have done, as they were trained."
A big piece of the puzzle may be missing from this story, said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole, author of Cruising Attitude: Tales of Crashpads, Crew Drama and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet, who notes that reports so far say the couple was repeatedly told to return to their seats.
"The word repeatedly is a big red flag. We have a lot to deal with during boarding. Like, moving families together, finding room for luggage, wedding dresses, wheelchairs, guitars, dealing with people who can't sit in middle seats or don't want to sit next to a child, a large person, a smelly person, an emotional support animal, etc. We don't have time to ask the same people to do the same thing multiple times during boarding."
In the Doghouse
This latest incident may be getting attention because United Airlines is in the spotlight, and in the customer relations doghouse, after its mangled response to a viral video showing security officers at Chicago's O'Hare airport dragging a bloodied passenger off a United Express flight.
"No matter what happens at the airline, whether trivial or substantial, United will get more media coverage than may be justified because of the radioactive residue from the incident on flight 3411," said Harteveldt.
While United has repeatedly apologized to David Dao, the passenger dragged off the United Express flight, and promised customers and employees that it will "fix what's broken so this never happens again," getting out of the spotlight will be difficult, but not impossible.
"The airline must deliver on its stated promise to publicly report by April 30 on the changes it will make to its involuntary denied boarding processes and procedures," said Harteveldt, and, "To its credit, United has already begun to share some of the changes it is making."
Rehabilitation after a stumble "is almost always a possibility" said Douglas Quinby, Vice President, Research at Phocuswright, but the airline will need to improve both its operational performance and customer service, and be honest.
"I always admired Ryanair and Spirit — cheap tickets and crappy service," said Quinby, "But they were honest about it, and never tried to dress it up in corporate marketing speak."
The flowery work of about 30 young artists from the Boys & Girls Club of Tustin is on display at The District at Tustin Legacy.
The students made by hand about 300 large flowers that are now an art installation in the front window of a vacant storefront.
The art project also taught the children about business, as they were “hired” by the shopping center to produce the art piece, officials with the youth club said.
“The pursuit of the fairer form is causing them to indulge in risky sun behaviour,” warns the skincare expert
Love Island fans are expressing increasing concern for the condition of contestant Alex George's skin, as they turn redder and redder in the sun-drenched Majorcan villa.
Advertisement
Alex is (or was) the fairest of the 2018 contestants, and has been unlucky in love ever since they arrived on the sweltering Spanish island, where the temperature is 33 degrees celsius at the time of writing.
Someone PLEASE get Alex some factor 50 and a hat! Babe, you've got skin like me, the tan ain't gonna happen.. 🤷🏻‍♀️👻#loveisland pic.twitter.com/2XUrFcB5MC — Lilah Parsons (@lilahparsons) June 19, 2018
The expression “laying it on factor 50 thick” has become a euphemism on Love Island for pursuing a bed partner, but a dermatologist has told RadioTimes.com that this advice needs to be adhered to in a much more literal sense if Alex wants to stop getting pied by girls.
Consultant dermatologist Dr Bav Shergill, who has been watching Love Island “with fascination”, warns that Alex's hunt for a mate is worsening their sunburn. “I do worry that their pursuit of the fairer form is causing them to indulge in slightly risky sun behaviour,” they say.
And the irony is, the longer Alex spends chasing after girls in the sunshine, the less alluring they become. “If Alex looks red and a bit peely, he's not looking particularly healthy and attractive, so there could be a cosmetic implication for this too,” says Dr Shergill.
“He could be looking guilty and a bit shifty if he's looking red-faced – would a woman trust him? That's the question.”
Dr Shergill reckons Alex “probably works best in the shadows” when cracking on with girls and that they should avoid being out in the direct sunlight. “It's just not good for you,” they warn, “because you're going to look a bit beetroot and not suave.”
So what can Alex actually do to stop looking so scorched? Check out Dr Shergill's tips below – they might get you through this British heatwave, too…
Dr Shergill's sun protection tips…
Literally lay it on factor 50 thick. “Go for as high a sun cream factor as you can, because the likelihood is you won't put enough on”
Avoid too much direct sunlight between 11am and 3pm. “You can be out, but you can sit in those lovely pagodas at the side… you don't need to catch rays, it's fine not to”
Reapply sun cream every time you come out of the water
Don't become complacent if people around you aren't turning red. “If you hang around with people who have darker skin types and are not burning, they are more likely to give you a false sense of security that you're not burning, when actually if you're quite fair you should be protecting your skin”
Moisturise in the evening and drink lots of water. “A good moisturiser after you've been out is a good idea to support your skin. And make sure you drink plenty of water. The Love Island water bottle is such a good thing. I'm very impressed with that”
Wear a hat. “Alex needs to rock their hats”
Dr Shergill debunks a couple of sun protection myths…
You WILL tan even if you're using sun protection. “It's not a magic shield, it just reduces the impact of sun on your skin, but only for a certain amount of time”
A tan DOES NOT stop you from burning. “Another myth is that a tan protects you from burning and that dark skinned people don't need to worry about burning in the sun. Dark skinned people do… how your skin looks is not necessarily how it behaves”
Dr Bav Shergill is a spokesperson for the British Association of Dermatologists.
Advertisement
Love Island continues at 9pm on ITV2
CLEVELAND — Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as the Cleveland Indians rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second. Gomes went to a full count before pulling their bouncer just inside the third-base bag, easily scoring Jackson. The Indians poured out of their dugout to mob Gomes, who ended the 5-hour, 8-minute thriller.
The Indians posted their biggest comeback win in post-season history, overcoming an 8-3 deficit, a terrible start by ace Corey Kluber and a potentially serious injury to slugger Edwin Encarnacion.
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland, right after a close call on a hit by pitch that the Yankees didn't challenge.
New York had its chances late, but the Yankees stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th — and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th by Gomes from the behind the plate.
Cleveland will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium. Carlos Carrasco is set to start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka.
Jay Bruce connected for a solo shot in the Cleveland eighth that made it 8-all. As they've done so many times in a season becoming more special by the day, the defending AL champions battled back and can now put the Yankees away in New York — just as they did in the 2007 ALDS.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction — it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. They said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting they should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first post-season slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, they wrapped their arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — CJ McCollum scored a franchise-record 28 points in the first quarter and finished with a career-high 50 through three periods before heading to the bench, and the Portland Trail Blazers took advantage of the short-handed Chicago Bulls for a 124-108 victory Wednesday night.
McCollum's 28 points in the opening quarter were the most in the NBA this season. Their final tally was nine points shy of the team record set by Damian Lillard last season.
Lillard also sat out the final period after adding 13 points and seven assists for the Blazers, who led by as many as 29. It was Portland's fourth straight win overall, a season high, and the club's eighth in a row at home.
Zach LaVine had a season-best 23 points in Chicago's fifth consecutive loss.
Lauri Markkanen was not with the Bulls because they were attending to a personal issue, the team said. The rookie is averaging 15.3 points and 7.7 rebounds per game. Paul Zipser started in their place.
Kris Dunn, averaging 13.7 points and 6.4 assists, missed their sixth straight game after a concussion.
The Bulls decided to sit forward Nikola Mirotic while they reportedly seek a trade. Coach Fred Hoiberg said before the game that the 6-foot-10 forward remained back at the team hotel. Meanwhile, rumors swirled that the Bulls had a deal with the Pelicans but it fell apart.
Portland shot 74 percent in the first quarter paced by McCollum, who made four 3-pointers in the period and finished with six for the game.
Pat Connaughton's 3-pointer put the Blazers up 54-28. McCollum punctuated the first half with a dunk, and the Blazers went into the break with a 67-44 lead.
McCollum finished the half with 32 points, one shy of Lillard's franchise record.
After they sat down in the third quarter, McCollum smiled when the crowd at the Moda Center chanted "We want CJ!"
Lillard went into the game needing 25 points to reach 10,000. He'll be the seventh Blazers player to reach the mark, joining Clyde Drexler, LaMarcus Aldridge, Terry Porter, Cliff Robinson, Jerome Kersey and Jim Paxson.
Portland was coming off a 104-96 victory over the Clippers at Staples Center the night before.
The Bulls lost 110-96 at home to Milwaukee on Sunday.
TIP-INS
Bulls: Markkanen could rejoin the team on the road trip. ... Robin Lopez was greeted by warm applause at the Moda Center. Lopez was a fan favorite during their time with the Blazers from 2013-15.
Trail Blazers: Wore their black "City" uniforms for the first time. The uniforms feature a plaid pattern in a nod to Dr. Jack Ramsay, who coached the 1977 NBA championship team and had a penchant for plaid. ... McCollum's huge quarter surpassed the previous team record of 26 points set by Lillard.
ELITE COMPANY
McCollum joined a group of 50-point Blazers: Lillard, Damon Stoudamire, Brandon Roy, Andre Miller, Clyde Drexler and Geoff Petrie.
McCollum also joined Houston star James Harden as the only players with 50 points in three quarters this season.
UP NEXT
The Bulls play Saturday night at the Los Angeles Clippers before finishing their three-game road trip at Sacramento.
The Trail Blazers visit Toronto on Friday.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Lindsey Vonn, of the United States, smiles at the finish area during an alpine ski, women's world Cup downhill training, in Garmisch Partenkirchen, Germany, Saturday Feb. 3, 2018. Marco Tacca AP Photo
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Police have arrested a third suspect after opponents to the Dakota Access pipeline hung a banner from the roof of the U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis during the Minnesota Vikings' season finale against the Chicago Bears.
The 27-year-old woman is accused of obstructing legal process. Police haven't released details of their role in the incident Sunday afternoon.
Two other people accused of sneaking onto a truss in the roof and rappelling down to unfurl the banner have been arrested for trespass. Formal charges are pending.
The game wasn't interrupted, but eight rows of fans seated below the banner were cleared as a precaution.
The Dakota Access pipeline would carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. Opponents fear it could harm the environment and American Indian artifacts. The pipeline developer disputes that.
You can view the full list of United Blood Services locations online, as well as schedule an appointment through the website. You can also make an appointment to give blood and platelets through the American Red Cross by through the Red Cross Blood Donor App, or making an appointment online of over the phone (1-800-RED CROSS).
"The American Red Cross is always a great place to donate and they have systems in place to transport to other locations as needed," says Dr. Casey O'Connell, an associate professor of clinical medicine and clinical hematologist at USC's Keck School of Medicine, indicating that even if you're in another state, your blood could be shipped to Vegas.
Red Blood Expires and Donations Are Needed Year-Round
Blood donations do expire, so it's critical that people continue to donate through the coming weeks.
"In appropriate storage conditions, red blood cells typically last up to several weeks," says Dr. O'Connell, adding that the procedures for blood platelet donations is different and that platelets don't last nearly as long as red blood cells.
"Platelets must be stored at room temperature and only live for approximately seven days," says O'Connell.
Keep in mind that after you donate blood, you should wait "about three months" to donate again, O'Connell says.
But it's something all of should be doing on a regular basis, as the demand for blood donations is year-round.
“The need for blood is constant," says Jodi Sheedy, communications director at American Red Cross. "In fact, every two seconds, someone in the U.S. needs a blood transfusion. Accident and burn victims, heart surgery and organ transplant patients, and those receiving treatment for leukemia, cancer or sickle cell disease all count on blood and platelet donations to battle illness and injury. That's why we stress that we need volunteer blood donors each and every day to help save lives – not only during times of emergency.”
Arena Authority chairperson, Scott Cox, addressed the future of the KFC Yum! Center at the forum. (Steven Richard, WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An open forum was hosted by Louisville Forum on Wednesday, centered on the financial future of the KFC Yum! Center.
The public discussion mainly addressed changes in the works to shore up the financing to pay for the arena.
A new plan, House Bill 330, stretches interest payments to 35 years, up from 20, with a modified special tax zone around the arena.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Leases for the University of Louisville men's and women's basketball teams are also being reworked.
"When we get that accomplished, which I think we will in about a month, then we'll be meeting with the Mayor's office and Metro Council about amending the ordinance and lengthening it by 30 years," Louisville Arena Authority chairperson Scott Cox said.
One of the points being worked out is flexibility of dates, so large music acts can freely be booked to perform at the arena.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Donald Trump's presidency could make Americans sicker — and not just from the stress of their polarizing politics, a pair of Harvard experts argued Wednesday.
Protesters shout at lawmakers walking out of the Capitol on May 4, 2017, in Washington. Nicholas Kamm / AFP - Getty Images
Their administration's proposed cuts to health and well-being programs could also hurt the population's health, if history is anything to go by, they said.
The bad effects could last well into the next generation, because some of the most strongly documented fallout hits pregnant women, whose babies go on to suffer lifetime consequences when mothers suffer physical and psychological stress, the two experts said.
Their commentary, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, points to study after study documenting health effects that occur after landmark elections.
“I do think we are in a moment of stress.”
“We have enough evidence to say this is a cautionary tale,” David Williams, a Harvard expert on social influences on health, told NBC News.
Many studies have shown stress levels on the rise since Trump's election, both among their opponents and supporters.
“Events came together to create an unprecedented moment with the levels of hostility being reported,” Williams said.
“I do think we are in a moment of stress.”
Related: Trump's Climate Decision Endangers Health, Doctors Say
They cite studies showing that stress levels shot up right after Trump's inauguration in January. “A high proportion of Americans were stressed about the outcome of the election, including 26 percent of Republicans and 72 percent of Democrats, but more minorities than whites,” they said. “Two-thirds of all American adults said they were stressed when they thought about the future of the U.S.”
Doctors and other healthcare providers need to be aware and to be helping keep an eye on their patients during tumultuous times, Williams and their colleague, psychiatrist Dr. Morgan Medlock, said.
“There has been an increase in racial resentment, animosity, and political polarization in the United States in recent years,” they wrote.
Related: Trump Proposes Slashing Medical Research Budget
They point to studies that have shown schoolyard bullying incidents have spiked in recent months, as well as older studies.
“We cited research showing that hostility towards immigrants or hostility towards Arab-Americans in the wake of Sept. 11 had negative effects on pregnant women in that community,” Williams said.
“Many gave birth to lower-weight infants, or their babies were more likely to be born pre-term.”
Babies who weigh too little or who are born too early are more likely to die. If they grow up, they are more likely than babies of normal weight to have chronic medical conditions or have learning problems.
Related: Deep Medicaid Cuts Drive Backlash
A look at another president who came into office on pledges of cutting social welfare spending shows what can happen, Williams said. They pointed to the 1980 election of Ronald Reagan.
Demonstrators take part in an anti-Trump "March for Truth" rally at Foley Square on June 3, 2017, in New York City. Eduardo Munoz Alvarez / Getty Images File
“In 1981, as part of Reagan's economic strategy for the country, there were large cuts to health and social services,” Williams said.
“We reviewed what the consequences were as a result of the magnitude of the cuts: 500,000 people lost welfare, a million people were dropped from food stamps, 600,000 persons lost Medicaid, 250 community health centers closed, a million poor children lost reduced price school meals,” they added.
“There was an increase in infant mortality in poor areas of 20 states. There was an increase in the number of pregnant women who did not receive prenatal care. There was an increase in the number of pregnant women who had anemia. There was an increase in multiple cities in preventable childhood diseases being reported in poorer populations.”
Related: U.S. has Sky-High Infant Mortality Rate
One study showed when Californians lost Medicaid coverage, blood pressure went up on average, Williams said.
And there's a body of evidence to show that people stop seeking even services they are entitled to when there's an atmosphere of cuts.
“Some persons in American society who are particularly stressed may not be actively seeking help,” Williams said. “They are in need, but they may be less likely to reach out and seek help.”
That's why they and Medlock wrote to the New England Journal of Medicine, Williams said. They wanted doctors to be more proactive in taking care of their patients and asking about stress.
Related: Trump Broke These 7 Campaign Promises
“We call for healthcare providers to be aware of that so they can actively and sensitively ask about patients' experiences, their worries, their fears and can be affirmatively reaching out to them and link them to resources.”
And doctors can also be leaders, Medlock and Williams said.
“As members of their communities, clinicians can also consider more active engagement in advocacy and policymaking,” they suggested.
“They can begin within their own institutions to generate greater awareness of the challenges faced by stigmatized populations and to foster a culture of inclusion with a greater emphasis on promoting health equity. Approaches could include requiring antiracism and bias training, as well as cultural competency training, for all staff.”
They also recommended, as researchers always do, more study to understand the issue and what can be done about it.
Your commute just got a little more interesting. And you asked for it…
I would like Keith Morrison to be the voice on my GPS. They could make a traffic jam sound intriguing! @dateline_keith #dateline — Amy Heywood (@amyrheywood) October 17, 2012
As a 25th anniversary Valentine's Day present to Dateline NBC fans, we've partnered with traffic and navigation app Waze to make Keith Morrison a limited-edition voice guide!
Keith's voice will be available to navigate your journeys on Waze starting February 14 and continuing through April 2. He'll safely guide you around the mysteries of traffic and construction, and help you avoid all those pesky potholes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed #DontDriveAlone: Guess who the new guest voice of the Waze app is 1:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
To get Keith's voice, first download the Waze app here: waze.com
Then, go to your Settings inside the app, hit Voice Directions and scroll down to Keith Morrison.
Josh Mankiewicz was kind enough to walk Keith through downloading their voice. It could help you too!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed How do you get Keith Morrison's voice on the Waze App? Let us show you 0:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
After your drive, send us a review on Twitter using #DontDriveAlone.
Safe travels!
The hospitalization came less than a week after the death of the 41st president's wife, Barbara. They were 92.
Bush, who has a form of Parkinson's disease, has been hospitalized several times in recent years for respiratory problems. They were hospitalized twice last year, including a two week stay in January that required a trip to the intensive care unit. They were hospitalized again in April.
In 2015, Bush broke a bone in their neck after falling at their summer home in Maine.
Sunday's hospitalization occurred the day after Barbara's funeral.
Carlos Pimentel pitched five shutout innings for the Lincoln Saltdogs and that's all they needed to win a rain-shortened game 2-0 over the Fargo-Moorhead RedHawks.
The game was called in the middle of the sixth inning as severe thunderstorms rolled into eastern North Dakota. The game took one hour and 35 minutes before it was called.
The Saltdogs scored the two necessary runs in the top of the third inning on three straight hits. Cesar Valera notched the first one with a one-out double. Then, Tommy Mendonca followed with another double that scored Valera. Curt Smith finished the scoring with an RBI single to make it 2-0.
That is all the support Pimentel needed. The reigning American Association Pitcher of the Week twice let two runners get on base with one out but then got out of the situations. They finished the game with five strikeouts compared to one walk in five innings of work. The RedHawks managed five hits against Pimentel.
The Saltdogs' two doubles brings their season total to 45 which is the second most in the league. Lincoln has now won 12 of its last 15 games. Pimentel's ERA dropped to 1.80, meaning they and Saltdogs lefty Bennett Parry have the two lowest ERAs in the league.
The Saltdogs and RedHawks will break the series tie in game three of the four game series on Wednesday night at 7:02 PM. Coverage begins at 6:30 PM on ESPN 1480 and saltdogs.com.
OAU Sex-for-marks scandal: What victim told panel – Counsel
Monica Osagie had released a recorded telephone conversation in which the lecturer identified as Richard Akindele demanded five rounds of sex to enhance their marks
The post OAU Sex-for-marks scandal: What victim told panel – Counsel appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spanish police officers clash with people outside a polling station in Barcelona on October 1, the day of a referendum on independence for Catalonia banned by Madrid. (AFP Photo/PAU BARRENA)
Madrid (AFP) - A Spanish government official on Friday offered the first apology to Catalans injured by police during their outlawed independence vote, as the sides showed tentative signs of seeking to defuse the crisis.
Catalan leaders had threatened to declare independence unilaterally and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vowed to stop them, rejecting calls for mediation in a dispute that has drawn cries of concern even from Barcelona and Real Madrid footballers.
Spain's deepest political crisis in decades has raised fears of further unrest in the northeastern region, a tourist-friendly area of 7.5 million people that accounts for a fifth of Spain's economy.
Friday saw the first signs the sides may be willing to step back from the brink in a political conflict that risks destabilising Europe.
After days of ill-tempered rhetoric, the central government said it regretted the injuries and suggested Catalonia should hold a regional election to settle the crisis.
Catalan government minister Santi Vila, a close of ally of regional president Carles Puigdemont, meanwhile told broadcaster Rac1 that their side could consider a "ceasefire" in the dispute, to avoid a further crackdown by Madrid.
Businesses and the government kept up economic pressure on Catalonia however, with several big companies announcing moves to shift their legal domiciles to other parts of Spain.
- 'We deeply regret' -
Puigdemont postponed an appearance in the regional parliament at which some leaders were hoping for a declaration of independence, a spokesperson said -- gaining time and easing tensions. It was unclear what they planned to say at the session.
Spain's central government apologised on behalf of police to people hurt in last Sunday's referendum disturbances.
"I can do nothing but regret it, apologise on behalf of the officers who intervened," said the government's representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo.
"I am very sad, very sorry, we deeply regret that we have arrived at this situation," they said.
Central government spokesperson Ignacio Mendez de Vigo also said later they "regretted" the injuries.
"It would be good to start mending this fracture... through regional elections," they told a news conference.
- 'Sedition' claims -
In Madrid meanwhile, Catalonia's police chief and two prominent separatist leaders avoided being remanded in custody at a court hearing Friday over sedition accusations.
The court summons raised tensions, but, despite the gravity of the accusations, the court did not issue a custodial order that could have further escalated the dispute.
Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez, leaders of Catalonia's two biggest pro-independence civil groups, and regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero walked free from the preliminary hearing at the National Court in Madrid.
The two civil leaders were accused of sedition for their role in unrest during protests in Barcelona last month.
Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters.
- Economic pressure -
Spain's Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the suspension of a session scheduled for Monday in the Catalan parliament at which some leaders have called for an independence declaration.
If Catalonia declares independence, Spain could respond by suspending the region's existing autonomous status and imposing direct rule from Madrid.
On another front, the government in Madrid pushed ahead with a measure to pressure Catalonia economically.
It passed a decree to make it quicker for businesses to shift their legal domiciles away from one region to another.
Energy company Gas Natural and Catalonia's two biggest banks, Sabadell and CaixaBank, said they were shifting their legal headquarters out of Catalonia.
Sources who asked not to be named told AFP that some customers had been withdrawing money from their bank accounts over concerns for the political situation.
With its own language and cultural traditions, demands for independence in Catalonia date back centuries but have surged during recent years of economic crisis.
- Region split -
The Catalan government later on Friday published final results from the referendum vote indicating that 90 percent of voters backed the region breaking away from Spain.
Voter turnout was 43 percent.
Recent polls have indicated that Catalans are split on independence, though leaders warned the violence during the referendum turned many against the state authorities.
Switzerland said Friday it was "in contact" with both sides in the crisis but stressed that formal mediation could not begin until both camps were ready.
Madrid has said there will be no talks or mediation until the Catalans abandon the independence bid.
Opponents of secession have called for demonstrations around Spain on Saturday and a major rally in Barcelona on Saturday.
Celebrating 10 years in business Hartwell Blinds held a special draw for customers.
And the winners who live in Bury St Edmunds are long-standing customers of the blinds company.
Pictured Jamie Brodie, Iliffe Media's commercial manager, picks out the winners alongside Andrew Hartwell.
The business in Northgate Street, Bury St Edmunds, opened its Newmarket premises five years ago.
Sarah Hartwell, said: “We've had a lot of loyalty from customers with repeat business and referrals.”
The winners received a gold i-Pad mini.
Researchers said Monday they have found 40 new genes linked with intelligence, but they say their finding doesn't show any clear genetic pattern for intelligence.
Instead, it shows that intelligence is possibly even more complex than anyone thought, and not easily explained. And it means specially designed smart babies are not in anyone's near future.
Brain activity SCIEPRO / Getty Images
The study pointed to 52 genes that influence intelligence, some of them previously identified. Yet they account for less than 5 percent of the variation in human intelligence, the research team reports in the journal Nature Genetics.
Many of the genes have other known roles as well, although most are involved in brain development, the international team of researchers finds.
“These findings provide new insight into the genetic architecture of intelligence,” the team, led by Danielle Posthuma of VU University Amsterdam, wrote in their report.
Related: DNA Scan Finds 18 New Autism Genes
They studied databases covering more than 78,000 adults and children — all of them of European descent. These included Britain's BioBank, which is sampling and analyzing the entire genomes of an assortment of volunteers, as well as a database of exceptionally intelligent people and some studies of twins.
They used two different kinds of genome-wide analysis to pinpoint genes associated with intelligence, looking at all the genes in the human DNA map.
Related: This Gene Might Affect How Much You Drink
Overall, they identified 52 genes, including 40 that had not been linked with intelligence before.
“We show that the identified genes are predominantly expressed in brain tissue, and pathway analysis indicates the involvement of genes regulating cell development,” they wrote.
And although 52 genes sounds like a lot, they only explain a small part of the differences in intelligence between one person and another.
“Our calculations show that the current results explain up to 4.8 percent of the variance in intelligence,” they wrote.
Related: Gene Editing OK for Health, Panel Says
Genes accounted for about 70 percent of the variation in education levels among the people studied, the team found.
Other studies have shown that up to half a person's intelligence is inherited, which leaves half to other factors.
Some of the genes are interesting. One, called SHANK3, is involved in the formation of synapses — the connections between brain cells. “Mutations in this gene are a cause of autism spectrum disorder, which is characterized by impairments in social interaction and communication, and restricted behavioral patterns and interests. Mutations in this gene also cause schizophrenia type 15,” the team wrote.
Related: 'Big Brain' Gene Found in Humans
Various versions of another one, called FOXO3, are linked with brain cell death. “Moreover, it has been shown to be associated with longevity,” the team wrote.
Others are associated with obesity and Alzheimer's disease. It may take many years to tease out all the various forms of these genes and how they affect intelligence, other traits, and disease.
Scientists know that only very rarely is there a single gene for any human trait. Mutations in a single gene cause cystic fibrosis, for instance, and a few other rare diseases. Usually, traits such as eye color, skin color and height are affected by a number of genes and by other stretches of DNA.
Carly Kreibaum, 33, lived on a farm just outside of Sutherland, Iowa, a town of 600 people, according to the Des Moines Register. Local librarian Dan Wetherell described them as a "kind, loving mother, just working and taking care of their children."
Kreibaum is survived by their husband, Chris, and two young children.
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While they were nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said they aren't upset when they found out about the snub; in fact, they believe it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” they told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that they have everything going for him, and they have received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” they said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” they concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James, right gets a laugh out of JR Smith during the second half of an NBA preseason basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks in Cleveland, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. James did not play in the Cavaliers 109-93 loss to the Hawks. (AP Photo/Phil Long)
CLEVELAND (AP) — LeBron James will sit out Friday's exhibition game against the Indiana Pacers as they recover from a sprained left ankle.
James got hurt on Sept. 27 when they stepped on a teammate's foot in practice. They took part in Cleveland's workout on Thursday and the club wanted to see how they responded before deciding if they would try to go against the Pacers. He's going to sit again as a precaution, the team said.
The three-time champion also missed Wednesday's preseason opener against Atlanta. Cleveland next plays on Tuesday against Chicago.
James and their teammates attended Thursday night's AL Division Series matchup between the Indians and New York Yankees.
Iman Shumpert will miss Friday's game with a sprained left foot that is expected to keep them out for a week or more.
The Cavaliers open the regular season on Oct. 17 against the Boston Celtics.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
By CARLA K. JOHNSONAP Medical Writer
Before their death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under their bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after their accidental overdose death at their suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how they got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
___
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently "going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication."
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities they put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson "did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death." An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
___
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said they could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, they said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
___
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination - and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's - likely increasing their caution.
___
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's "quite infrequent" for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
They represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
"They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced," Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
"Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?" Braun said.
___
Amy Forliti and Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Writes: Vivek Chhetri
Maan Ghisingh (left) and Aroop Biswas in Kurseong on Monday
Kurseong, April 17: The Trinamul Congress and the GNLF today decided to contest the coming civic polls in the hills together and the ruling party launched a vitriolic attack on the Jana Andolan Party, wondering if it had an electoral adjustment with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha.
The announcement of the alliance was made by Trinamul leader and minister Aroop Biswas in the presence of GNLF president Maan Ghisingh in Kurseong.
“Trinamul and the GNLF have decided to fight the civic elections together. Every political party has its own agenda and different issues. But this is a municipal election where issues are roads, water and buildings. Those who were in power did nothing in the past five years,” said Biswas.
Trinamul and the GNLF have decided not to field candidates against each other and leave the seat to whichever party that is stronger in a municipal ward.
The Trinamul leader was scathing in their attack on the former ally, the Jana Andolan Party of Harka Bahadur Chhetri, though they didn't take the name.
“We want all opposition parties to come with us but you know a lot of people are involved in the Madan Tamang murder case. We do not know who has what commitments. But we are still trying to bring all together,” Biswas said, when they were asked whether they would still make an appeal to the JAP to join the alliance.
In the Madan Tamang murder case, Chhetri is also named in the chargesheet filed by the CBI, along with a number of Morcha leaders.
Asked for the second time if the GNLF and Trinamul would still make an appeal to the JAP to join the alliance, Biswas obliquely said Chhetri's party had an electoral adjustment with the Morcha.
“Our doors are open and we want all political parties to be one. I do not know if those who give statements against the Morcha and raise slogans against it have underground adjustment. If they do not have underground adjustment, our doors are open,” said the minister.
[Via: The Telegraph]
72 total views, 72 views today
Comments
comments
By Hayden Wright
The video for Maroon 5's “Cold” is on its way and to whet their fan's appetites the band released a teaser featuring Adam Levine and their Victoria's Secret model wife Behati Prinsloo. In the clip, Levine recounts an acid trip triggered by a strange incident during a night out.
“It was weird. Somebody slipped something into my drink,” Levine says. “I think it was acid because I started tripping balls. Future turned into a teddy bear and James was getting blown by a chicken. It was crazy.”
Related: Adam Levine to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
“I got arrested when the cops came, but they weren't really the cops,” they say. “It was like this adorable little cartoon stripper and they gave me an adorable little cartoon lap dance. That was weird, and then these two girls pulled me into a room for a threesome.”
The twisted tale goes on and on, perhaps signaling some spoilers for the full video. In the teaser, disinterested Prinsloo just wants to go back to bed.
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from their film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under their real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of themselves and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actor on the big screen.”
They added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” They signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. They have their first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, they are co-producing the project and co-writing it. They will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep their career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under their wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
Share
Digital Trends, the consumer-facing digital media company with more than 30M unique monthly visitors, today announced a suite of GDPR-compliant programmatic offerings including desktop display, mobile, and video inventory.
May 29, 2018 — Portland, Oregon — The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) went into effect on May 25. The EU initiative to protect privacy by ensuring advertiser transparency surrounding consumer data use and monetization has led to a decrease of up to 40 percent in European ad demand, resulting in advertisers vying for GDPR-compliant traffic sources.
In the wake of GDPR, Digital Trends offers its premier advertising partners GDPR compliant-programmatic packages. This allows advertisers to continue to reach their desired audiences in the markets they need to reach them, in a way that respects the wishes of the core EU audience of Digital Trends and its subsidiary sites, Digital Trends Español and The Manual.
“Not only are we fully GDPR-compliant, but we're proud to offer GDPR-compliant traffic for purchase,” said Andrew Beehler, senior manager of programmatic and yield ops for Digital Trends. “We're able to do this as a result of our programmatic department's foresight ahead of GDPR, as well as our long-standing dedication to a consumer-first experience.”
Digital Trends has structured packages delivering desktop display, mobile, and video inventory across verticals such as mobile news and product reviews, gaming, automotive, cool tech, movies and entertainment, home theater, men's fashion and lifestyle, food and drink, and Spanish language technology content.
“I'm excited about the opportunity to provide programmatic solutions to our key advertisers, to allow them to continue their programmatic buying programs in a GDPR-compliant way,” Beehler said.
For more information on Digital Trends' GDPR-compliant programmatic opportunities, contact Andrew Beehler at abeehler@digitaltrends.com
About Digital Trends
Digital Trends is a leading consumer technology publisher that aims to demystify technology and help people navigate an increasingly digital world. Digital Trends' easy-to-understand product reviews, entertaining news, and videos serve more than 30 million unique visitors each month. Digital Trends is headquartered in Portland, Oregon, and has offices in New York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Detroit, and Chicago. For more information, visit www.digitaltrends.com and follow @DigitalTrends on Twitter and Facebook.
Contact
Digital Trends
Pete Jacobs, 503-946-9942
pete@digitaltrends.com
Outrage at Polish 'commemoration' of Kielce massacre Polish academia organizes conference to commemorate bloodiest post-WWII pogrom, focuses on Polish assistance to Jews under occupation. Contact Editor Mordechai Sones,
צילום: iStock Holocaust memorial in Warsaw, Poland Since Poland passed a law to limit rhetoric on Polish complicity in the Holocaust, observers have noted that the Polish government has not changed its essential policy towards the theme of the Holocaust; quite to the contrary. Historian Prof. Jan Grabowski, author of the book Hunt for the Jews, sparked public outcry in Poland when they determined that more than 200,000 Jews in Poland were murdered directly or indirectly by locals and that most citizens of the occupied state stood idly by, even when they understood what was taking place. iStock Remains of ghetto wall in center of Warsaw Today Grabowski slams a conference by Polish academia that they say is crafted to sanitize the Polish role in the murder of the Jews: "To reinforce the myths of 'national innocence', to please their core electorate, and to propagate their distorted vision of the past, the Polish authorities act energetically - and without shame," they say. "As some of you may know today, July 4th, we commemorate the 72nd anniversary of the Kielce pogrom. The Polish authorities, acting through their proxy the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN), also decided to chip in and to make a commemoration of their own. This time they organized a conference held yesterday on site in Kielce." The massacre took place in July 1946, after some 200 Jews, many of them former residents of Kielce, returned from Nazi concentration camps, the Soviet Union, and places where they had taken refuge. The city was cleared of its Jews by the Nazis during the Holocaust. It was sparked by a rumor based on a false report that Jewish residents of the town had kidnapped a Christian boy. A crowd attacked Holocaust survivors who lived in a building on Planty Street. 42 Jews were killed and more than 40 were wounded. "What was the theme of the conference organized to commemorate the largest and most bloody pogrom in post-war European history? The theme, (however amazing it may sound for the uninitiated) focused on various aspects of help and assistance given by Poles to Jews under the occupation! Each time when I think that the Polish nationalists cannot reach any lower, I am proven wrong." The conference program indicates its theme, with lectures including: Legacy of the landed gentry as a source for research on helping Jews during the German occupation in the Radom District;
Help for Jews provided in the Kielce region by the Polish population during World War II in the light of the so-called Bielawski's investigation;
Rescuing Jews by the Ukrainian population of Przemyśl during the German occupation;​
Selected examples from the history of rescuing the Jewish population in the Białystok District during the Second World War and the postwar fate of the rescued and rescuers;
Help given to Jews during the pogrom on July 4, 1946 in Kielce. Nowhere in the program is there mention of Polish assistance, complicity, or even acquiescence in the atrocities committed against the Jews in Kielce. Indeed, from the program it is difficult to guess who, if anybody, murdered Jews in Kielce, as it appears the entire Polish population was busy assisting them. Co-founder and President of the Rogatchi Foundation Dr. Inna Rogatchi called the conference "outrageous", noting that the conference comes one week after amending the law, "demonstrating rather defiantly that nothing has changed in Poland's official attitude towards the Holocaust despite the amendment, and despite the Polish-Israeli declaration. Although Poles did conduct several outrageous conferences in recent past, they were either cancelled or changed after the public outcry. Not in this case though," Rogatchi said. Rogatchi says the Polish amendment represented a change in tactics, not policy. "We have massive historical factual material on the Shoah today. And these facts, pure facts, document the annihilation of at least 3 million Jews in Poland, 90% of the Polish Jewish pre-WWII population, 10% of the population of Poland, and the half of the all victims of the Holocaust world-wide; not in Czechoslovakia, not in Yugoslavia, not in any other country, but in Poland. "We do know that the vast majority of those crimes were committed by the Nazis. But we know the role and size of the Polish population's participation in those crimes as well. We know about it thanks to the heroic efforts of the people who worked tirelessly in what it is known today as the Jewish Historical Institute documenting the crimes of WWII and Holocaust in Poland. "If somebody would like to verify this detailed record of Polish participation in the annihilation of Polish Jewry, there is also famed research by renowned historian Professor Jan Grabowski, The Hunt for Jews (2014), the English version of Professor Barbara Engelking's chilling book Such a Beautiful Sunny Day (2017), and new documented research on the topic by US historians to be released this coming August. "The facts are so compelling that no law can silence them. To think this way one has to be hopelessly provincial, as the current Polish leadership is, unfortunately." The conference program in its entirety appears below, translated from Polish:​​​ CONFERENCE PROGRAM July 3 (Tuesday) 2018 Part I 9.00-9.15 Opening of the meeting Moderator: dr Dorota Koczwańska-Kalita (IPN Kielce) 9.15-9.35 dr hab. prof. UJK Jerzy Gapys (IH UJK Kielce), Legacy of the landed gentry as a source for research on helping Jews during the German occupation in the Radom District 9.35-9.55 Roman Gieroń (IPN Krakow), Issues of help given to Jews during World War II in criminal proceedings initiated on based on the decree of August 31, 1944 in the area of ​​the Krakow voivodship in the years 1945-1950 9.55-10.15 dr. Tomasz Domański (IPN Kielce), Help for Jews provided in the Kielce region by the Polish population during World War II in the light of the so-called Bielawski's investigation 10.15-10.35 Anna Brożek (IPN Kraków), Oral history and archival documents. Confrontation of sources for the history of Polish-Jewish relations in the Dąbrowa Tarnowska poviat in 1939-1945 10.35-10.55 Ewa Kołomańska (Kielce Countryside Museum), Children of Kielce - witnesses of the Holocaust, helpers. The Righteous and the Unjust 10.55-11.10 Discussion 11.10-11.25 Break Part II Moderator: dr hab. prof. UJK Jerzy Gapys (IH UJK) 11.25-11.45 Dawid Kubieniec (doctoral student, University of Silesia), Attitudes of the Upper Silesian population towards the Jewish community in 1938-1943 in the light of the NSDAP District Management in Zabrze 11.45-12.05 Dominik Flisiak (PhD student, IH UJK), Diary Niny Fajans. Unknown source for research on the Barbican Mission and the fate of neophytes during World War II 12.05-12.25 prof. dr hab. Vasyl Gulay (National University Lviv Polytechnic, Lviv), Strategies and practices of saving Jews in the Galician district by Polish and Ukrainian neighbors and organized environments 12.25-12.45 dr hab. prof. UR Wacław Wierzbieniec (IH UR), dr Joanna Potaczek, Rescuing Jews by the Ukrainian population of Przemyśl during the German occupation 12.45-13.00 Discussion 13.00-14.00 Break Part III Moderator: dr Ryszard Śmietanka-Kruszelnicki (IPN Kielce) 14.00-14.20 dr Alicja Gontarek (BBH IPN / UMCS), Polish diplomatic actions for Jewish refugees in Spain 14.20-14.40 Kamil Kopera (Museum of Poles Who Save Jews), In search of asylum. Organizing transport as a form of help 14.40-15.00 Anna Pyżewska (IPN Biaystok), Selected examples from the history of rescuing the Jewish population in the Białystok District during the Second World War and the postwar fate of the rescued and rescuers 15.00-15.20 dr Arkadiusz Więch (IH UJ), Interrupted night . Help of Poles for the Jewish population in occupied Dębica 15.20-15.40 dr. Dominik Szulc (IH PAN), Poles towards the Holocaust of Jews in Kraśnik in the Lublin district GG in 1942-1944 15.40-15.55 Discussion 15.55-16.10 Break Part IV Moderator: dr Tomasz Domański ( IPN Kielce) 16.10-16.30 Marlena Bodo (doctoral student, Jagiellonian University), Helping Szydłowiec people against Jews in 1939-1945. Examples and conditions 16.30-16.50 Paulina Mielnik, Staszowskie "stones of remembrance". The fate of Staszów Jews during the occupation, based on the account of the memoirician Władysław Rzadkowolski 16.50-17.10 Emilia Rydel (doctoral student, IS PAN), Righteous brethren. Andrzej and Czesław Miłosz in the face of the Holocaust of Jews 17.10-17.30 dr Ryszard Śmietanka-Kruszelnicki (IPN Kielce), Help given to Jews during the pogrom on July 4, 1946 in Kielce 17.30-18.00 Discussion and closure
top
Exploring a sunken slave ship was beyond any dream Michael Cottman could have imagined as a young child in their native Detroit.
Fascination with the underwater adventure TV series “Sea Hunt” lit a fire in Cottman to learn scuba diving, quite a stretch for a young, black boy growing up in a landlocked city. Realizing that dream and combining it with their profession as a journalist later in life led them to capture the incredible story of the Henrietta Marie, the recovered slave ship they were fortunate enough to explore as part of the National Association of Black Scuba Divers and later research across several continents in the early 90s.
That odyssey became the 1998 book, “The Wreck of the Henrietta Marie: An African American's Spiritual Journey to Uncover a Sunken Slave Ship” and the paperback renamed “Spirit Dive” in 1999. Nearly three decades later, the story lives on as National Geographic released the young adult version, “Shackles from the Deep: Tracing the Path of a Sunken Slave Ship, a Bitter Past, and a Rich Legacy” for ages 10 to 16, earlier this year.
Michael Cottman Mel Fisher Museum
The Pulitzer Prize winner, who described “Shackles from the Deep” as “part detective story, part underwater mystery, part adventure tale,” uses the book to retrace their journey from “Sea Hunt” to the Henrietta Marie and beyond, including their travels to London to research where the slave ship originated as well as to the various ports to which it sailed and coasts off of Africa where it may have packed in its captives.
Before shipwrecking near Key West in 1700, the Henrietta Marie, according to research, dropped off 250 kidnapped Africans in Carlisle Bay, Barbados and 190 in Port Royal, Jamaica. But it wasn't until 1972 when black Panamanian underwater treasure hunter Moe Molinar took note of shackles and a cannon from a ship that the contemporary Henrietta Marie story began.
Other divers encountered the ship before Molinar but their focus was on monetary treasures. In 1983, marine archaeologist David Moore discovered the watch bell from the ship, identifying it as the Henrietta Marie. Exploratory dives, including some with black divers, followed in the 90s and Cottman was able to join in.
"Shackles From the Deep: Tracing the Path of a Sunken Slave Ship, a Bitter Past, and a Rich Legacy" by Michael Cottman National Geographic Society / National Geographic Society
Through those dives, the image of shackles — made just for children — was forever seared into their memory and their role as the ship's chief storyteller began.
Despite this horror dating back centuries, Cottman firmly believes that the story of the Henrietta Marie, whose exhibition is on permanent display at the Mel Fisher Maritime Museum in Key West, still resonates.
Related: ‘A Beautiful Ghetto': Devin Allen's Images Proclaim Baltimore Resistance
“I thought it was important for young people to know about the African slave trade, but also to know the African genius that was brought to these shores by African people through mathematics and science and poetry, culture and music, and that there's still an uplifting element to this story because we've survived and excelled,” Cottman shared, recalling a book tour at the beginning of the year that placed them in front of about 1500 kids of various racial and ethnic backgrounds across five states.
“I wanted them to know that this book is timely [in] this current racial and political climate because it teaches these young readers to understand and appreciate cultural differences — because we're living and interacting in this ever-expanding multicultural society,” Cottman said.
Courtesy Michael Cottman
To bring the experience to life, Cottman shared images of the the artifacts -- shackles, pewter ware and mugs used by slave ship captains, and trading beads -- with the students.
“What I am hoping with this book is that it gives young readers an opportunity to learn and understand the history of slavery through one slave ship, the Henrietta Marie,” Cottman explained. “There's no better illustration for racial partnership to me than introducing, in the book and in my lectures, the partnership of the National Association of Black Scuba Divers and the white marine archeologists we worked with to explore the Henrietta Marie.”
Related: Historians Uncover Slave Quarters of Sally Hemings at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello
Although both groups were drawn to the relic for different reasons—an emotional connection for the black divers and an archeological one for the white divers -- the takeaway for young readers is to work together for a common purpose.
“We confronted a few prickly racial issues along the way, but the bottom line is we worked together toward the same passion,” said Cottman. “That passion was to learn more about the slave ship.”
With film and TV opportunities also in the works, Cottman may truly bring this story full circle, touching another young kid the same way “Sea Hunt” touched them at that age. “I've been given an incredible opportunity,” they said of their journey. “This is an important story. It's important for everybody.”
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Crews are on the scene of a fire in the Wyandotte neighborhood.
Louisville Metro firefighters were called to the corner of Cliff Avenue and West Florence Avenue around 1 pm Saturday, MetroSafe said. Crews arrived to find heavy smoke pouring from a one-story home.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
The cause of the fire is unknown at this time.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
They described sitting on the pavement in an alley, feeling angry that they would not be able to say goodbye to the people they loved. There was so much blood, they thought their life was over.
CRIMESTOPPERS is offering a $2,500 reward for information leading to an arrest in the case of a slain service dog.
Gunner assisted a disabled veteran in Richwood, Ky. The veteran's family says the dog was found fatally shot in the head and dumped by railroad tracks in Boone County.
Gunner was crucial for the veteran's safety. They alerted family members when Bryan Vallandingham would have seizures. Vallandingham was a 14 year Army veteran.
The family believes the dog was stolen from their yard more than two weeks ago. They were found dead Monday near the tracks along Dixie Highway.
The veteran's sister said the Boone County Sheriff's Office is investigating if extortion is connected to Gunner's disappearance and death.
A relative said they started getting text messages from a person claiming to know where the dog was. According to the family, the person ordered them to put money on a gift card but they refused.
The family got them three years ago, and they grew into a member of the family.
"He would notify us if Bryan was getting ready to have a seizure. They would tell us by sitting in front of them by laying across them or just barking randomly at Bryan so they would notify us and give us time to get them in a safe situation so they wouldn't hurt himself," their wife, Kimberly said.
The extortion investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Courtesy photo | For lehighvalleylive.com
Alexsandro Mercado
Alexsandro Mercado, 36, was apprehended without incident in the 100 Block of Bridge Street in Catasauqua. Mercado was wanted by Northampton County Adult Probation for allegedly violating their conditions of supervision. Their original charges were driving under the influence of a controlled substance. Mercado also had an active arrest warrant out of the Easton Police Department on charges of receiving stolen property and theft by deception. They were sent to NCP and awaits disposition on their cases.
16:46 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Mitzpeh Kramim residents refuse to be Amona II Read more
'Still no final judgment, community can act to regulate current location.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) – An accused neo-Nazi who was found with explosives in Tampa Palms will not be released from jail before their trial, a federal magistrate ruled Wednesday.
Brandon Russell, 21, is accused of storing bomb-making materials at their Tampa Palms apartment, where authorities also found white supremacist propaganda and a photo of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh.
The items were discovered after Russell's roommate, former neo-Nazi Devon Arthurs, 18, allegedly gunned down their two roommates, Jeremy Himmelman and Andrew Oneschuk.
All four roommates were reportedly members of a neo-Nazi group called Atom Waffen, German for “atomic weapon.” The Southern Poverty Law Center lists it as a hate group.
Arthurs had reportedly converted to Islam and posted on the group's website in an attempt to convert other members to their new religious faith. Once they were kicked out of the group, they killed their two roommates, for “disrespecting Islam,” according to authorities.
Russell was at the scene when police arrived and found the bodies. They were arrested on a FBI warrant two days later in Key Largo and later admitted to detectives they were a member Atom Waffen.
Judge Thomas McCoun ruled Russell should be detained until their trial because their actions “cast doubts on suggestions of defendant's innocent intentions.”
Photos of the explosive materials, blasting caps and weapons stored in the apartment were released by the government this week.
News Channel 8 spoke with Scott Mann, author of “Game Changers; going Local to Defeat Violent Extremists.”
Mann is a security expert and retired U.S. Army Colonel who served as a Green Beret. They tell us the photos show the serious nature of the intent of Russell and their roommates.
“Guys like this are not lone wolves, they are not fringe nut jobs, they are players,” said Mann.
Mann believes Russell and the two victims should have been considered a real threat before their explosive materials were discovered by authorities.
“There was a time when guys like this, they were fringe guys, they were amateurs there was a lot of talk and even if they did something, the odds of it being a strategic event that would have a massive impact in the country were pretty slim. I think Timothy McVeigh and their efforts started to change that domestically but certainly,” Mann continued. According to police, Russell idolized McVeigh and had a framed picture of the Oklahoma City bomber on their bedroom wall.
Mann believes the internet is allowing people of similar extremists beliefs to connect and present a real danger to the public.
“We've seen it in Manchester, we've seen it in England, we've seen it in Belgium, we've seen it in San Bernidino, we saw it right down the road in Orlando with Omar Mateen. Forget the ideology for a second, violent extremists who are committed to moving violence against people who don't subscribe to their way of believing, they have never been better positioned to achieve strategic outcomes, these guys are potentially players,” said Mann.
Arthurs is facing two counts of murder and three counts of kidnapping in state court.
In recorded statements to Tampa police, Arthurs claimed they saved many lives by killing Himmelman and Oneschuk because they had plans to attack power lines, a nuclear power plant and Synagogues with the explosives found in the apartment.
An attorney for Brandon Russell called Arthurs statements to police, “delusional” and not credible.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Teacher Flips Off White House While On Tour With Their Middle School Students- Parents Respond
School trips to D.C. to explore the capitol and take photos in front of the White House are common enough, but one Missouri middle school teacher decided that being childish and disrespectful is exactly the way they wanted to remember their chaperoning duties.
The image shows the teacher, Lynn Miller, flipping off the White House. The image was uploaded to Facebook. None of the nine students witnessed the initial photo being taken, but it was later found on their profile page. It turns out that the science teacher at Warrensburg Middle School told students earlier, while at the airport in Kansas City that they would “give the finger” to the White House (and, we assume, its Presidential occupant).
As reported by Fox4 in Kansas City,
John Hammond says their 14-year old daughter, Corrine, was one of nine students who went on a school-endorsed trip to Washington D.C. last week. While students were outside the White House on June 2nd, one teacher, Mr. Lynn Miller, who was serving as a chaperone, snapped a photo of themselves making an ugly gesture toward the White House. × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now “It was very rude,” Corrine Hammond told FOX 4 News on Thursday morning. Corrine Hammond says Miller, who works as a science teacher at the middle school, told students at the airport in Kansas City that they planned to “give the finger” to the White House. Ms. Hammond says no students witnessed the gesture in person. Instead, Miller advised students to go to their Facebook page, where he'd posted the photo.
Some time after posting the picture to their social media, Miller deleted the photo.
The Warrensburg School District which the school-endorsed trip was attached to are saying that this wasn't a school-sponsored trip, but John Hammond, a former U.S. Marine with 23 years experience, says that it was school sponsored in the fact that it was promoted by the school system despite being coordinated through the tour group World Stride.
So far, World Stride has not responded to comment, and Miller's wife is saying that they are currently out of town and unavailable to comment on their actions.
h/t The Blaze
The Minnesota Twins' ERA stands at a major league leading 2.46 so far this season, a far cry from last season's AL-worst 5.08 mark. Ervin Santana has been impressive early on. The veteran leads the team in wins (3), ERA (0.41), strikeouts (15) and innings pitched (22).
The last time the Twins had a better ERA through their first 12 games of the season was in 1972, when they finished their first 12 games with an ERA of 1.84.
Largest Improvement in Earned Run Average – 2016 –> 2017
Team 2016 2017 Diff Minnesota Twins 5.08 2.46 -2.62 Cincinnati Reds 4.91 3.49 -1.42 Chicago White Sox 4.10 2.71 -1.39 New York Yankees 4.16 3.12 -1.04 Arizona Diamondbacks 5.09 4.06 -1.03
Miguel Sano is leading their team in runs, home runs and walks this season — they are one of six players in Major League Baseball who can say that.
MLB, Players Leading Team in Runs, HR & Walks – 2017
R HR BB Brandon Belt, SF 9 3 9 Yoenis Cespedes, NYM 9 6 8 Mitch Haniger, Sea 12 4 9 Bryce Harper, Was 12 4 10 Miguel Sano, Min 11 3 11 Eugenio Suarez, Cin 11 3 5
The Minnesota Twins and Cleveland Indians were extremely evenly matched last season — each team scored 92 runs and hit 27 home runs over their 19 matchups. The Twins struggled to close out games they were leading, however.
Twins vs. Indians Head-to-Head – 2016
Min Cle Wins 9 10 Batting Avg .256 (174/679) .268 (179/667) Runs/Gm 4.84 (92/19) 4.84 (92/19) Home Runs 27 27 Save Pct (Sv/Opp) 0.0 percent (0/3) 85.7 percent (6/7)
Kyle Gibson has given up multiple home runs to six different hitters in their career, and two of them are Indians.
Carlos Santana has driven in seven runs against Gibson over their career, the most RBI Gibson has allowed to any batter.
Kyle Gibson, Most HR Allowed to Any Batter – Career
Carlos Santana, Cle 3 Yan Gomes, Cle 2 Nick Franklin, Mil 2 J.D. Martinez, Det 2 Mike Napoli, Tex 2 Albert Pujols, LAA 2
Toronto police say they will resume digging at a property where accused serial killer Bruce McArthur worked as a landscaper.
Police have already found the remains of at least seven men buried in planters at the property in midtown Toronto.
McArthur, 66, has been charged with eight counts of first degree murder for the deaths of men with ties to the city's gay village.
Investigators say they began excavating the home's backyard in January, but nothing was found.
The Met Office has issued a yellow status weather warning of ice for Northern Ireland.
The warning was issued shortly before 10am on Monday and is valid from 4.00pm on Monday through to 11:00am on Tuesday.
"Ice is expected to form across Northern Ireland on Monday evening with icy surfaces expected, lasting into Tuesday morning," reads the warning on the Met Office website.
"Some injuries are likely from slips and falls on icy surfaces and icy patches will form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths."
More to follow.
By ANNE MARXZE D. UMIL
Bulatlat
MANILA –Amid the worsening human rights situation under President Duterte, the youth also coe under attack, ranging from death threats against youth activists, to the food blockade of soldiers in Lumad communities.
But today's youth have not wavered as they continue on the path taken by the people their age during martial law: resistance.
Young Filipinos wanted to tell Duterte to stop human rights violations, and to learn from the lessons of the past.
Below are the youth's message to Duterte on international human rights day.
“End martial law in Mindanao. It is not the terrorist that are being targeted but us, those who in the Lumad communities in the mountains. Soldiers are encamping in our schools causing the disruption of our classes. They are accusing us of being supporters of the New People's Army. For the past two years, we have held classes in the evacuation center in Haran, Davao City and we have been here in Manila since July. We can't come back home as long as the soldiers in our community.” – Jomar Malibato, student of Mindanao Interfailth Services Foundation, Inc. (Misfi) Academy, Capalong Davao Del Norte.
“Stop the killings. Do not disregard human rights. It is only our right to have education, we should not be targeted because of that. We fight for our ancestral land because we inherit it from our forefathers. To fight for education and our land is just. They (Duterte) said during their campaign that ‘change is coming' but it was not true. It was fake. And if they continue to oppress us, they should know that we will continue to fight, buhay man ang ialay.” – Jinky Malibato, 17, student of Misfi Academy, Capalong Davao Del Norte.
“Give us our right to education. For the longest time, we are deprived of our education. Now that we have it, we are being attacked. They killed Obello Ba-ao. We only want out education, give us that.” – Rorelyn Mandacawan, 17, student of Salugpongan Ta' Tanu Igkanogon Community Learning Center, Inc. Talaingod, Davao Del Norte.
“Listen to the aggrieved Filipino people and not silence them. It would be good if they immersed themselves with the masses to know their plight. No one will go to the streets if there is no flaw in this government. There is something wrong that is why there is resistance.” – Jerom Bacarra, 19, Social Work major in University of Rizal System.
“Duterte should understand that they are taking away the Filipinos rights every day from extrajudicial killings to starving the Lumad communities, as their soldiers blocked the food supply from entering their community.  They are not treating us as human, at all. Human rights are for all to enjoy. Not only for the rich, but also for the poor. I hope they will understand that.” Noelle Capili, 23, Behavioral Science student, University of Santo Tomas (UST).
“We are challenging him, talk to the people who are directly being attacked of the state forces. Listen to the masses so that they will know how they feel, know their situation,” Adam Ang, 18, Journalism major, (UST).
“Continue the peace talks between the National Democratic Front of the Philippines and the Government of the Philippines to address the root cause of the armed conflict. We also want to tell them that being a fascist only shows that they are not learning the lessons of history. The youth of the past has overthrown a dictator, we will not have second thoughts of doing it now.” Carhrihl Aguilar, 13, La Salle Greenhills.
With the introduction of the M series of NVIDIA also came a license model. Working for a customer today on a Citrix XenDesktop 711 environment (M60 Q1/2) we experienced something that I thought I need to share with you. We are running XenDesktop 711 to offer a AutoDesk ACAD environment for a company to has personnel world wide. We offered a pilot and used certain licenses here to test. The test was very successful and now we scale up to production. With that also we add the production licenses to the systems, NVIDIA is one of them. We changed the MAC address of the license server. During the pilot phase we had a manual configuration and now in production we will have an automatic configuration. The problem we had started with this change.
MAC change
NVIDIA works with a Tomcat service, installed automatically when you install the license server. When you have to change the MAC address Tomcat will fail to start. You will need to reinstall it. No issue of course, Tomcat is installed fast and your license server is up and running in a minute. Hold your horses, it is true it runs but you will experience a different issue.
Read the entire article here, NVIDIA M60 for Citrix XenDesktop; licensing issues due to MAC address change –
via Rob Beekmans.net
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
The Nigeria Union in South Africa, on Wednesday claimed that two communities in the country, have asked Nigerians to leave their territories. President of the union, Ikechukwu Anyene, said the Kuruman community in Northern Cape Province gave Nigerians till Thursday to leave. They also said the Klaafontein community, Extension 5, Johannesburg, directed landlords not to […]
South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Graphene-reinforced concrete offers a stronger, more durable option
In a recent study, researchers describe how the composite material, fortified by graphene, is at least two times as strong and four times more water-resistant than conventional concrete and could make future construction more sustainable.
The post Graphene-reinforced concrete offers a stronger, more durable option appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Diamond Bank Pledges to Reward More Customers in 2017
Diamond Bank Plc has earmarked N584 million to reward 1,005 of its customers in season nine of its loyalty scheme -DiamondXtra- which is set to kick-off in January, 2017. Speaking at the launch of the season nine and November month end draw to conclude the season eight promo, held in Lagos recently, the Head, Mass Market Segment, Diamond Bank, Osita Ede, said over 5,000 customers of the bank had been rewarded with N4 billion since the promo started.
They explained that part of the focus of the promo was to instill savings culture among Nigerians.
“We have noticed that more people are saving. We noticed people open accounts for their kids, which was not the tradition before. Over the years, we have seen a whole lot of things in the right direction,” Ede said.
They pointed out that for the 12 months the bank ran the season eight promo, it opened over 450,000 accounts.
“These were fresh customers, who would have probably saved the money under their pillows, but they deposited the money with the bank and some of them have been steady in their savings. So it is a positive development,” they added.
Explaining the modality for season nine, they said that every month-end, 13 customers will win N1 million each; one customer will win N2 million, while the luckiest customer will win Salary4Life (One hundred thousand naira every month for the next 20 years).
“There will be five regional draws to ensure that winners emerge from every region in Nigeria and in each of the regional draws, 41 customers will be rewarded. While 30 of them are expected to win N500,000 each, 10 customers will win N1 million while, the luckiest will smile home with a brand-new car.
“In addition to the monthly and regional draw, two special draws will be held to celebrate key milestones during the year and for each of the special draws, 30 customers will win N1 million each,” they said.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Magic Lantern Theatres is exploring the possibility of expanding the Whitecourt Vista Theatre in order to offer more movies.
The theatre company has been in discussions with the Town of Whitecourt about options to create a larger movie theatre in town. The development permit for an expansion was to be discussed and considered on Feb. 16 during the municipal planning commission meeting.
Tom Hutchinson, president of Magic Lantern Theatres, said the company wants to offer Whitecourt and area residents a greater selection of movies. The theatre currently only has one screen and can only play one movie at a time.
"We think it's time to have a larger cinema complex in Whitecourt, with more screens and the main reason for that is we can't offer the mix of movies that we think the residents of Whitecourt and area would like,” Hutchinson said.
They added the process is in its preliminary stages and that they could not estimate when construction on such a project could begin.
Whitecourt Mayor Maryann Chichak said they have discussed the proposal with Hutchinson and the expansion is a big deal for the town.
“This is something very important when it comes to economic development. This is being developed, not only for our residents, but it will bring people in from the region,” Chichak said, adding that they regularly receive questions about a future theatre expansion. “When this is finished going through the process, we're going to have many happy residents from every age group.”
However, one of the issues the project faces is parking. If the theatre in the downtown is expanded, there would not be much room for additional on-site parking. An expansion of theatre seating would also require additional parking stalls under the town's land use bylaw. Getting a variance on the required number of parking stalls would have to be approved by the town's municipal planning commission.
Early discussions on the issue, between Magic Lantern Theatres and the town had some issues, according to Jennine Loberg, director of planning and development.
“There was a little bit of a miscommunication,” Loberg said. “The planning department staff was supplying the bylaw information. Parking is crucial to the downtown and it is something we have been struggling with existing businesses.”
They added that it is something the town is willing to work to resolve with Magic Lantern Theatres.
“Not to say it (parking) doesn't pose any challenges, but I think the town is willing to work with Tom (Hutchinson) and Magic Lantern Theatres as to how we can address some of these concerns,” Loberg said.
Loberg further noted the town is working on a parking study that will detail the state of parking in the downtown core.
Hutchinson said after speaking with Chichak on Feb. 1, they were assured that parking would not be a major issue for the project.
“One of the things that's a little bit difficult when you're building downtown is always parking,” Hutchinson said, adding there is a lot of parking throughout downtown Whitecourt and other theatres often have patrons park two or three blocks away. “The main thing is there's parking enough for everybody.”
Chichak said the town worked through the misunderstanding between the two sides and empathized that Whitecourt was open for business.
“There may have been a misunderstanding in the beginning but we kind of talked it out and worked through it,” Chichak said. “We're always open for business and want to work with all developers and all business owners.”
They added that they look forward to the day when an expanded theatre is opened in Whitecourt.
“I'm going to be so excited the day that theatre opens to see the happy faces,” Chichak said. “That opportunity is coming hopefully very shortly to our community."
In the latest edition of our Milwaukee Bucks' Win In 6 Podcast, we discuss the questions surrounding the team's point guard rotation.
It's that time of week again where our team gets together to discuss the latest Milwaukee Bucks‘ news and most important conversation points in our “Win In 6 Podcast”!
Reflecting on a week of ups and downs, memorable individual showings and minor injuries, there was one subject in particular that stood out and appears to be at the forefront of most Bucks' fans minds at present.
Of course, I'm talking about the point guard position, and whether Malcolm Brogdon‘s impressive play warrants them taking Matthew Dellavedova‘s starting spot on a more permanent basis.
To get to the heart of the debate, we looked at the factors leading to both Brogdon and Dellavedova's respective performance levels so far this season, how both men may perform if their roles were reversed longer term, the influence they have on those around them and much more.
On top of that, we also looked at Giannis' pursuit of NBA records, how soon some of them may come along, and how they already match up with some of Milwaukee's franchise records.
As usual, our mailbag was on hand to wrap things up too, with questions on potential trades, playoff matchups and even more on point guards (there's nothing Bucks fans love more than talking about point guards)
Joining me for this week's episode, as usual, was contributor and podcasting phenomenon Jordan Treske.
If you've any thoughts on anything specific discussed in this podcast, let us hear them at winin6podcast@gmail.com.
Make sure to follow us on SoundCloud, add us on Stitcher, and subscribe on iTunes to never miss an episode of Win In 6 in the future. Also if you like what you hear, rate and review us in the iTunes store. You can also find us on Facebook and Twitter.
Also, if you love listening to Win In 6, you now have a chance to pick up some apparel and merchandise with our Brandon Jennings inspired logo and more! Check out the various options in our store here.
As always, let us hear your more general thoughts and feedback too, and get thinking on your mailbag questions for next week's podcast.
More from Behind the Buck Pass
This article originally appeared on
TORONTO — Coleman Hell didn't think he'd feel so depressed when their career was going so well.
After two Juno Award nominations and with their debut single “2 Heads” in heavy rotation on mainstream radio, it seemed like all of their dreams were coming true.
But as the party happened outside, the singer often found themselves confined to their bedroom. It was like magnets were pulling them towards their mattress against their will, they said.
“It's this weird middle ground where you want to move but you can't,” the Thunder Bay, Ont. performer said of the experience, which happened about a year ago.
“It's something I've felt so many times: Lying in my bed and feeling so low I can't get up. I want to, but I can't muster the strength.”
The musician describes their innermost experience on “Manic,” a new track they wrote in hopes of laying bare the ugliness of their bipolar disorder.
The song is both a confessional and a reconciliation with himself, in which they ultimately face their imperfections.
“Manic” isn't part of a new album launch — or even a song Hell planned to release — but they said the longer it sat with him, the more they felt the song could be of value in revealing their struggles.
“I hadn't come across a lot of songs that described the experience in any visceral sort of way,” they said.
“I thought that might be something of use to someone. I know there are a lot of songs that are maybe more hopeful, but this is a real depiction of how it feels.”
“Manic” arrives as more artists pour their darkest struggles with mental illness into their work.
Logic earned heaps of acclaim last year with “1-800-273-8255,” a suicide prevention track that included Grammy-winner Alessia Cara on vocals. The song was written after the rapper was diagnosed with derealization, a type of anxiety that makes the external world feel unreal.
Florida rapper Xxxtantacion's entire 2017 album, called “17,” weighs heavily on the details of their depression, with one song dedicated to the suicide of their friend Jocelyn Flores.
Rap and hip hop are among Hell's favourite genres, they said, and might have subconsciously motivated their latest song. They point to Lil Uzi Vert's hit “XO Tour Llif3,” which dives into weighty feelings of sadness and isolation while touring, as one source of inspiration.
Facing their own realities wasn't so easy, but at one point last year Hell decided enough was enough. They chose to seek professional help and changed their daily regimen to include more exercise and a better diet.
He's lost about 50 pounds over the past year, they said, which helped lift their spirits.
“I started going to therapy and taking procedures towards making (life) more manageable,” Hell said.
“I'm working on it, I think I've made a lot of progress and I feel a lot better ”
In preparation for the release of “Manic,” Hell climbed back into their bed for an intimate music video shot on their iPhone.
The grainy, single-take clip centres on the singer's face as they sing about the experience that crippled them for so long. As the song neared the halfway mark, Hell said the emotional intensity of the moment briefly pushed them to tears.
The song “was transporting me back to … when things weren't nearly so clear for me,” they said.
“It's definitely an intense thing to watch, but I think it adds to the song and maybe adds to breaking down some sort of stigma as well.”
Follow @dfriend on Twitter.
ST. LOUIS, Mo. - Attorneys for Gov. Eric Greitens want the St. Louis Circuit Attorney's Office off the new criminal case against him.
James Bennett, one of the lawyers representing Greitens in their various cases, filed the motion in the felony computer tampering case on Monday afternoon. They claim the documented mistakes made by Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner's office in the pending invasion of privacy case should disqualify them from handling the new charge.
Gardner's office charged Greitens with the crime on Friday, claiming they took a list of donors that had given to The Mission Continues, a charity they started, to help raise money for their gubernatorial campaign. The charity has said it never gave Greitens permission to use the list.
Bennett said the presence of Don Tisaby, the private investigator hired by Gardner to handle the Greitens cases, "jeopardizes" Greitens' right to a fair trial. Tisaby's work came under fire in the invasion of privacy case when prosecutors handed over a videotaped interview they did with the governor's former mistress. They claim Tisaby lied about taking notes during the interview, and not turning those notes over to the defense team.
Bennett said Tisaby has interviewed at least 35 witnesses related to the computer tampering charge.
"It is improper for a prosecutor to have a personal interest in creating another prosecution to distract from the way a prior prosecution was handled," Bennett wrote.
Bennett also asked Judge Madeline Connolly to avoid appointing the Attorney General's Office as a special prosecutor, should they disqualify Gardner. Bennett repeated the legal team's position that Attorney General Josh Hawley has shown a bias against Greitens after calling for their resignation in the wake of the House of Representative's special investigative committee's report on April 11.
The attorney general's office responded to a restraining order request last week, which was unsealed on Monday. The office said Greitens request was frivolous and "a vexatious attempt to interfere with the orderly pursuit of justice."
First Assistant Attorney General John Sauer wrote that the office started its investigation into The Mission Continues and Greitens in February, before prosecutors charged the governor with their first crime. Sauer said Hawley's comments were specifically in reference to the House report, and had nothing to do with the charity investigation. Taking the office off that investigation would only cause more harm than good, Sauer said, due to the office's knowledge of consumer protection laws and teh case itself.
"The public has an interest in ensuring that any wrongdoing by the sitting Governor is identified and brought to the attention of the proper authorities," Sauer said.
Cole County Judge Jon Beetem will hear arguments on the restraining order on Thursday at 10 a.m.
Biscuits Drop 10 of Last 11 Games, Swept by Lookouts
by Rashad Snell
The Biscuits (34-31) lost to the Chattanooga Lookouts (38-27) for the fifth-straight night, falling to their North Division rivals by a score of 9-8 Tuesday night at Riverwalk Stadium. The Biscuits have now lost 10 of their last 11 games to Chattanooga, and were swept by the Lookouts for the first time since August of 2014.
Biscuits starter Hunter Wood (4-4) retired six of the seven batters they faced to cruise through the first two innings, but then Chattanooga finally got to them in the third and that is when things started to fall apart. Wood finished allowing four runs on six hits while walking four and striking out nine in a no-decision. It was the third time this season Wood has pitched exactly six innings.
Montgomery got on the board early thanks to an RBI-single to right from Cade Gotta and a sac fly by Justin Williams, off Chattanooga starter Dereck Rodriguez, to put the Biscuits up 2-0. Rodriguez allowed four runs on four hits while striking out three in a no-decision. In the second, the Biscuits loaded the bases, and then Joe McCarthy spanked an RBI-single to center, before Gotta stepped in with Riley Unroe 90 feet away and drew a walk to give Montgomery a 4-0 lead.
Chattanooga would respond in a big way in the third, when Lamonte Wade hit an RBI-double to center to make it a 4-2 game, and then in the third Ryan Walker smashed an RBI-triple to deep right field to cut it to just one, 4-3. Jonathan Rodriguez would tie the game at 4-4 in the fourth with an RBI-single, but it wouldn't last long, as Justin O'Conner smashed a solo shot that bounced off the top of the railing in left, their sixth of the season, to make it 5-4.
Fernando Baez entered in the seventh and threw a scoreless inning to help maintain a one-run advantage for Montgomery, before handing the reigns over to Brad Schreiber in the eighth. Walker led off the eighth inning with a single and stole second to advance into scoring position, and then Nick Gordon swatted an RBI-single for their second hit of the night to tie the game at 5-5.
Kyle Winkler retired the first two hitters they faced in the ninth and the Biscuits were cruising, until Michael Russell committed both a fielding error and a throwing error to allow Dan Rohlfing to get second. Andrew Velazquez would commit a throwing error of their own, the third of the inning, as Chattanooga took a 6-5 lead, but with their backs against the wall, Unroe smashed an RBI-triple to right to send the game into extras.
Biscuits reliever Tyler Brashears and Lookouts reliever John Curtiss would keep the game scoreless heading into the 11th, but a two-run triple from Walker and an RBI-double from Gordon would give the Lookouts a 9-6 advantage. Curtiss extended their innings streak without allowing a earned run to 23, before the Biscuits loaded the bases and brought across two runs on groundouts by Granden Goeztman and Gotta.
The Biscuits are now 4-11 in 15 games against the Lookouts this season and are no longer in contention to win the first-half title, as they are four games behind the Lookouts for first in the North Division with just five left to play. They will head to Pearl, Mississippi tomorrow to take on the Braves, where right-hander Benton Moss (0-1) will take the hill against righty Tyler Pike (0-0) Wednesday night at Trustmark Park at 7:00 PM.
CAIRO, Egypt — During the sweaty morning commute through one of Cairo's busiest subway stations, passengers can now find the answers to some of life's thorniest dilemmas.
Al Azhar, the revered 1,000-year-old mosque and college and Egypt's ultimate source of Sunni Islam jurisprudence, has made its scholars available to the masses with a pop-up kiosk next to the turnstiles of Shouhada — “Martyrs” — subway station.
A handful of Muslim clerics huddle with passengers at a table in a windowed kiosk, cooled by a whirring fan, offering religious instructions or "fatwas." Those in a rush grab a quick consultation outside.
Sheikhs provide theological advice to passengers at the temporary kiosk at Shouhada' subway station in Cairo. Mohamed Muslemany / NBC News
Business is brisk — up from 50 visitors a day when the service began three weeks ago to about 150 a day now — and neighborhood couples even drop by to resolve martial disputes.
The pilot project is part of a growing effort by Egypt's President Abdel Fatah al Sisi to counter extremist ideology with modern, moderate discourse in the mosque and on the street.
In recent years, Egypt has been rocked by large scale terrorist attacks on Christians by an ISIS-linked group and is battling radicals in North Sinai. Many believe moderate Islamic opinion can make a difference.
“Imagine liquor, it is banned by Islamic law … but is acceptable when it belongs to non-Muslims. This is just one of many examples where Islam is building a correct and cohesive society … despite people's differences and background,” says Emad Abdel Nabi Mahmoud, an Al Azhar Islamic law professor.
Al Azhar recently initiated an outreach to young men.
“The Grand Sheikh … encouraged scholars and preachers to go out to where the youth are, in coffee shops, forums and institutions,” explains Islamic law expert Fahmy Ragab Mohamed. “Young scholars sat with them … and corrected some of their opinions and thoughts and that is a very good thing.”
Although Mahmoud credits Al Azhar leadership for the outreach initiative, they say the most important thing is “not the motive but the result.”
Sheikh Ali Mostafa (R) offers advice about family matters to the wife of Gamal Al Din (L) in the subway station. Mohamed Muslemany
In the subway, the clerics have not heard any extremist views from visitors. “They would be afraid of saying anything”, acknowledges Sheikh Ali Mostafa, 35, a kind-faced cleric. “The aim is to get closer to the people … gaining confidence, gaining trust.”
They added: “We try to mend the problem by coming to where the people are, to correct their understanding. Our offices are far away [but] here we are accessible to people. We reached the people.”
Subway riders largely agree.
“It's a beautiful project, I got an answer in five minutes,” says Gamal Al Din, a former director of a contracting company.
Fatma, 21, smiles: “I can do it on my way to university.”
Visitors are reluctant to provide names because of the personal nature of their inquiries but most are happy to share their meetings. They ask about marriage, divorce, inheritance and commerce - and one even broaches the taboo subject of atheism.
Yasmin Minutallah, 26, brings a nervous 23-year-old friend who works with them in a customer service job. “She doesn't know whether to believe in god or not,” Minutallah explains. “She is asking god for things and some happen and some don't, even though god is supposed to answer prayers.”
A 32-year-old engineer wants to divorce their new wife, complaining that their parents expect too much from their modest government salary. “They are greedy, although they are good,” they tell the clerics.
Muslim clerics huddle with passengers at a table in a windowed kiosk, cooled by a whirring fan, offering religious instructions or "fatwas." Mohamed Muslemany / NBC News
They need to know how much to pay for the divorce since they hadn't lived together or consummated the marriage. The clerics urge them to reconcile first, and if that fails, to leave them half of the money and any jewelry they had already given. They privately admitted they agreed with the financial advice but would press ahead with the divorce.
A 45-year-old woman is seeking advice for their husband. Them mother-in-law threatened to cut ties with the husband if they claimed their legal inheritance from their deceased father.
Preacher Sheikh Gamal Abdel 'Al, 39, advises their husband to regain their mother's affection but to claim what is legally his.
Although passengers seem pleased with the on-the-go religious guidance, some analysts feel it will do little to reform religious thought.
“It is a matter of enlightened interpretation rather than opening up a new religious outlet,” says American University of Cairo political science professor, Gamal Abdel Gawad.
“People of religion must be respected. They should be in the proper place and the proper place is not the metro. It is not like selling fast food.”
Statistical Information provided by STATS
© 2016 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these New Terms of Use and New Privacy Policy.
Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero saluted Paulo Dybala's incredible start to the season, calling the Argentinian a "superstar" who has the ability to stay at the club until they retire.
Dybala has looked destined to become one of the world's best strikers ever since they joined Juve from Palermo in 2015 and is on course for their best season yet.
The 23-year-old already has 10 Serie A goals from just seven appearances, leaving them only one short of their tally of 11 from last term and nine off their best haul from the previous campaign.
And Del Piero believes the Argentina superstar is unrivalled in the eyes of Juve fans.
"He's raised their level even further at the start of this season," Del Piero told Gazzetta dello Sport.
"He's doing exciting things. I'm not just talking about goals, I'm talking about how they can decide matches when they turn it on.
"I hope they can have what I did [in terms of adulation] in Turin, because no-one can enter the hearts of the fans like him.
"The number 10 [jersey] wasn't really my property. Before me was Roberto Baggio, [Omar] Sivori and [Michel] Platini – they all wore it.
"And now there's a superstar who has everything to stay at Juve for life if they want to. I'm so happy."
Police say an elderly woman would found lying in feces in this home. (Source: WLEX)
FRANKLIN COUNTY, KY (WAVE) – An elderly Franklin County woman was removed from their home after police say they found them living in deplorable conditions.
The woman, who has not been identified, lived on Stable Lane in Frankfort. Police say they were notified after the Humane Society called them.
The Human Society says they received a tip, stating a bunch of animals is living in the home. When workers went to the home for a welfare check, they called Animal Control and the Sheriff's Department.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Purdue student charged with rape
+ Teen fatally struck on scooter in Covington identified
+ Indianapolis mother accused of abducting infant, bringing them to Louisville surrenders
Inside the home, deputies found 18 cats and nine dogs living in the home with the woman and their adult daughter. They found the elderly woman lying on the floor in animal feces. Deputies said the stench in the home was so horrid, they had to wear masks.
"I can honestly say the condition of the home was the worst I have ever seen," said deputy Chris Eaton. "The floors and the walls were covered with animal feces."
Social Services is investigating and say the daughter could face neglect charges.
Authorities say the animals were in good condition, and describe the situation as sad, saying the pets seemed to be the priority.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
(AP Photo/Andy Wong). Chinese fans hold the Spanish national flag and cards to cheer on Rafael Nadal of Spain as they play against against Karen Khachanov of Russia in their second round of the men's singles match in the China Open tennis tournament at ...
By SANDRA HARWITTAssociated Press
Top-ranked Rafael Nadal moved into the semifinals of the China Open by beating sixth-seeded John Isner 6-4, 7-6 (0) on Friday.
The French Open and U.S. Open champion has won five titles this season and is closing in on the year-end No. 1 ranking.
"I don't remember a lot of mistakes," Nadal said. "I went to the net very often. I did the things that I want to do, and I did it well, so very happy."
On the women's side, unseeded Carolina Garcia of France upset third-seeded Elina Svitolina of Ukraine 6-7 (5), 7-5, 7-6 (6) in almost 3 1/2 hours to line up Petra Kvitova in the semifinals. Simona Halep, on course to becoming the No. 1 player in the world for the first time, faces French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko.
Nadal saved all three break points they faced against Isner. They will next play third-seeded Grigor Dimitrov, who defeated Roberto Bautista Agut 7-6 (5), 4-6, 6-2.
Dimitrov spent time practicing with Nadal in Mallorca ahead of the hard-court season. The two also went fishing at sea.
"We catch a few ones (fish), but not very big," Nadal said. "But we had some good dinner."
Nick Kyrgios also advanced. The eighth-seeded Australian won when opponent Steve Darcis retired with a neck strain while trailing 6-0, 3-0.
Kyrgios will take on second-seeded Alexander Zverev. The German beat Andrey Rublev 6-2, 6-3 and qualified for the season-ending tournament in London.
"It's great for any player to qualify," said Zverev, who has five titles this season.
Second-ranked Halep moved into the women's semifinal by defeating Daria Kasatkina of Russia 6-2, 6-1.
To bump Garbine Muguruza from No. 1, the Romanian needs to reach the final. Halep's quarterfinal win avenged their straight-sets loss to the 34th-ranked Kasatkina at Wuhan last week.
Kvitova defeated Czech countrywoman Barbora Strycova 6-3, 6-4. Kvitova has won the last 24 matches she's played against fellow Czechs.
"We are pretty good friends from the Fed Cups," they said. "We know each other well. We practice a lot as well. Maybe it's extra motivation for us to play each other."
Ostapenko beat Sorana Cirstea 6-4, 6-4 in an error-filled quarterfinal.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has snubbed Chelsea by making it known that they are not interested in becoming their head coach, according to The Times.
The Argentine boss was one of the Blues' top targets to replace Antonio Conte, who is widely expected to leave the club at the end of the season by mutual consent.
But Simeone, aged 47, has indicated that they intend to see out the final two-and-a-half years of their contract at Atletico, where they have been in charge since 2011.
The former Argentina international has informed Chelsea via intermediaries that they do not want to be considered for the job.
 They are said to favour a Latin lifestyle and is reluctant to put in the work that would be needed to get their English up to the necessary standards.
But they would reportedly consider an approach from Manchester United. Red Devils boss Jose Mourinho recently signed a new contract, but Simeone is interested in succeeding them at Old Trafford.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Supreme Court declined Monday to consider whether Arizona's death penalty law is so broad that it's unconstitutional.
The court also passed up an invitation to examine whether capital punishment should be banned nationwide.
Lawyers for an Arizona man, Abel Hidalgo, told the court that the state has loaded up so many factors on the list of death-eligible crimes that virtually everyone convicted of first-degree murder is eligible for the death penalty.
Abel Daniel Hidalgo in an undated booking photo. Arizona Department of Corrections via AP
As for the nation as a whole, "states simply cannot provide the guidance necessary to ensure that the penalty is imposed only on the worst offenders," said Neal Katyal, a Washington lawyer representing Hidalgo. "Nor can states administer the penalty without ensnaring and putting to death the innocent."
Hidalgo was convicted of killing the owner of an auto repair shop in exchange for $1,000 from a gang member. They also killed a bystander. The Arizona courts rejected their claim that the state's death penalty procedures were unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court stopped executions in 1972, ruling that the death sentence was being imposed in a haphazard and unpredictable manner. States responded by requiring juries to evaluate whether certain specific factors were involved in the offense that would justify the death penalty.
The Supreme Court approved the new system, saying it would "minimize the risk of wholly arbitrary and capricious action" and restrict capital punishment to the worst crimes.
Two justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Steven Breyer, have recently said the court should re-examine the death penalty, but the other seven members of the court have shown no similar concerns.
States executed 23 prisoners in 2017, the second lowest total since 1991. Only 2016's figure was lower.
Public approval for the death penalty is also at historic lows. The latest Gallup poll found 55 percent of respondents said they supported it. In 1994, at the height of public acceptance, approval was at 80 percent.
Take an exclusive look at the next series of the C4 comedy
Yes, that is Olivia Colman in a rather elaborate get-up and, yes, it is for the new series of the Channel 4 comedy Flowers, which appears to have gone back in time for series two.
Advertisement
Once again Colman is playing Deborah, with Julian Barratt reprising their role as Maurice, their depressive spouse and children's book author. But it's their daughter Amy (Sophia Di Martino) who's responsible for the costumery. They find a book among their grandad's belongings called Baumgaertner, which is full of strange Baroque-style paintings that seem to tell a story.
“She tries to set these images to music and their increasingly fizzy state of mind becomes a sort of portal into the world of Baumgaertner,” explains scriptwriter Will Sharpe, who's also returning to the fray as Shun, the family's Japanese lodger and illustrator of Maurice's books.
Advertisement
Flowers series 2 is coming soon on C4
A senior Bangladeshi diplomat in New York has been indicted on charges of forcing a fellow countryman to work as domestic help without a wage, while subjecting them to "physical force and vile threats."
Md Shaheldul Islam, a 45-year-old deputy consul general, was arraigned Monday in Queens County for labor trafficking, assault and other criminal charges in a case prosecutors describe as "disturbing."
The exploitative working conditions under Islam occurred from 2012 until May 2016, when the worker managed to escape, said Queens District Attorney Richard Brown.
Related: California Governor Signs Bill Granting Overtime to Domestic Workers into Law
During that time, Islam had control over the man's passport. According to prosecutors, they would strike the man with their hand or a wooden shoe if they felt disobeyed.
The worker's 18-hour work days came with no pay, except when they were tipped by guests during a party and by the "minuscule amount of money" given to their family in Bangladesh, prosecutors said.
Each time the worker asked to leave, Islam would allegedly threaten to kill the man's mother and young son, and have the worker's college-aged daughter "shamed," they added.
The worker finally did break free just over a year ago, and contacted police for help, prosecutors said.
As a consulate officer, Islam is covered by "limited diplomatic immunity," prosecutors said, meaning that potential illegal actions done outside of their official capacity are not exempted. A Queens Supreme Court judge ordered them to surrender their passport, and they remained jailed Tuesday on a $50,000 bond.
Islam allegedly tried to cover up their illegal acts in 2014, just after the high-profile arrest of an Indian diplomat. That diplomat — Deputy Consul General Devyani Khobragade — was accused of committing visa fraud to hire a foreign housekeeper for their Manhattan home and paying them less than minimum wage. They were eventually granted diplomatic immunity but had to leave the United States.
To make it appear as if the job was legit, Islam took the cash tips given to their worker and then converted them into a check, prosecutors said. The worker than deposited that check into their bank account "thereby creating the appearance that the employee was receiving a paycheck," they added.
Related: Diplomats' Exploitation of Domestic Workers a ‘Plague,' Activists Say
"If the allegations are proven to be true, the defendant must be held accountable for these alleged actions," Brown said.
Islam faces a 33-count indictment and up to 15 years in prison if found guilty. Their next court appearance was scheduled for June 28.
The Consulate General of Bangladesh in New York did not immediately respond to a request from NBC News for comment.
Human rights groups, meanwhile, are calling on diplomatic officials from Bangladesh and other nations to denounce the mistreatment of domestic workers. Advocates have bemoaned the lack of state or federal statistics to track abuses against them.
Miguel Gonzalez starts for the White Sox and Luis Severino for the Yankees when the two teams resume their three-game series on Tuesday night at Yankee Stadium, with New York seeking its ninth straight win.
Garry Monk admitted that Leeds United were facing the “biggest three games of our lives” after a 1-0 defeat to Wolverhampton Wanderers ended a four-month stay in the Championship's play-off zone.
Leeds were knocked out of the top six for the first time since November 26 as a first half which Monk described as “one of our worst 45 minutes of the season” set Wolves up for a damaging win at Elland Road.
Liam Bridcutt
Striker Nouha Dicko took advantage a performance littered with mistakes to score on 39 minutes, clearing the way for Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham to climb above Leeds in the table. United is seventh, behind Fulham on goal difference.
Monk's squad have been on course for a top-six finish since before Christmas, maintaining a place in the play-offs for 25 consecutive matches, but a run of two wins from eight games has put their season on the line with nine points left to play for.
Three wins from those fixtures would guarantee Leeds' involvement in the play-offs with Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham meeting at Hillsborough on the last weekend of the season but Leeds' sustained bid to rejoin the Premier League 13 years on from a bitter relegation is under sudden threat in the wake of Wolves' victory.
“Here we go,” said Monk, whose side head to Burton Albion on Saturday. “This is the interesting part. We've spent so long in there with a points advantage and now we don't have that. We don't have that luxury any more.
Disappointed Leeds fans at the end
“Now we have to go on the hunt and sometimes it's easier with less pressure on you when you're on the hunt. When you're in (the top six) it's maybe a different pressure but we've got to take care of our own business and these are the three biggest games of our lives. We have to approach them in that way.
“We've had the mentality for so long where we've been in the play-offs quite comfortably – in that protecting mode of trying to stay there. Now we have to change that mentality to a team who go on the hunt.
“There'll be a lot of talking outside about the situation and that's fine. We take it on the chin. But I'm more than confident. There's not a massive gap or anything like that. We're right in there and it's still a really good situation for us.
“Of course today isn't a good situation but there's no time to feel sorry for yourself. That doesn't get you anywhere.”
Monk insisted they were confident that their players would cope with the mounting pressure, saying: “I think so, knowing them as I do.
“No-one here will ever be giving up and there's no reason to. We're in a fantastic position. We wanted to be in a better position but we'll fight with everything have. If we do that, I think it'll be good enough.”
Leeds fought back in the second half yesterday and were denied a penalty when a cross from Hadi Sacko hit the arm of Wolves defender Richard Stearman.
Souleymane Doukara, Kemar Roofe and Hadi Sacko all went close with headers but Monk was critical of their side's anxious start.
“We know that the first 45 minutes were nowhere near good enough,” they said. “That was our downfall.
“We have to make it happen for the whole game. If you do it like that then you can always live with it if it doesn't quite happen or if you don't win a game. What we can't live with is the first 45 minutes when we waited to see what happened. There's a big difference.”
Police speak on Dino Melaye's ‘escape', pending trial in Kogi
The senator landed in hospital after jumping from a police vehicle to avoid being driven to Lokoja.
The post Police speak on Dino Melaye's ‘escape', pending trial in Kogi appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
A much-lauded run of albums have marked Spoon out as one of the most consistently impressive American indie rock bands of the last 20 years.
A much-lauded run of albums have marked Spoon out as one of the most consistently impressive American indie rock bands of the last 20 years.
Singer Britt Daniel remembers their third album as the point at which everything clicked into place for the Texas quartet.
“After we put out A Series of Sneaks, which was our second record, when we started working on the songs for the next one I went through this phase where I listened to a lot of Supremes, Motown, Marvin Gaye – a lot of oldies radio, basically,” they say. “I knew I loved that music but I became consciously aware of how much that music had an effect on me in ways that for instance we had been trying to be inspired by on the record before, which was mostly Gang of Four and Wire, and may not have. I started thinking ‘Why do we have this rule that we are just guitar-bass-drums? That we don't really play around with keyboards and don't mess with reverb, everything is just super-dry. Why do we have these rules because these records that I love to do all these things?' So I started reassessing the big picture and that ended up being our record Girls Can Tell which I think was the quickest involvement of the band over our history.”
For Daniel, songs have to meet a high quality threshold to make it on to a Spoon record. “There are a lot of songs that we work on then realise ‘It's not really doing it for me'. So they have to be good in a lot of different moods for a period of time before we really run with them.”
The band's ninth album, Hot Thoughts, became their most successful internationally. A diverse collection of songs, produced by Dave Fridmann (whose past clients include The Flaming Lips, Mercury Rev, Tame Impala and The Cribs), its mood was influenced by David Bowie's 1979 album Lodger.
Spoon. Picture: Zackery Michael
“Part of the background to that is you sleep at Dave's studio,” Daniel explains. “It used to be a farmhouse, you're out in the middle of the woods, and there's a studio area and a common area. In the common area there's not like a regular modern stereo system or anything like that, it's just a jam-box which has a CD player on it. In order to listen to music you've got to burn CDs. That's a process so we had a very limited number of CDs and one of the six that we had up there was Lodger. We did end up listening to it over and over again.
“It's actually not even my favourite of the three ‘Berlin' records. It is definitely a mood and it's far-out. Maybe it's their record that has the most far-out ideas but also manages to be catchy in a lot of places. It's definitely a weird one.”
The funky strut Do I Have To Talk You Into It bears some of the hallmarks of Prince, a long-time inspiration for Daniel. “He passed away while we were making the record,” the 47-year-old Texan remembers. “The day they died we were in the studio and I found out on the way to the studio so it was a hard day and I ended up, as one does when someone of that magnitude passes on, just poring over all the music we had of theirs and re-living it.
“I reached out and found all these CDs from the vault, bootleg CDs, so it ended up being quite an inspiration for the rest of the record. We were still working on it for another four months or so after that.”
I found out that Prince had died when I was on the way to the studio, so it was a hard day and I ended up, as one does when someone of that magnitude passes on, just poring over all the music we had of theirs and re-living it. Britt Daniel
The song Tear It Down is one of Daniel's rare ventures into politics. They admit they felt compelled to say something about the state of modern America. “It was a lyric that came up by accident but once me and a co-writer came up with it we thought ‘Do we run with this or do we not?' And we said ‘Yeah, we should'. It's a dark state of affairs that we're in now and it's a lot darker even now than it was when I wrote the song. Then Donald Trump was just a candidate, they hadn't even won the Republican nomination yet, and it does deserve to comment on.”
Though the album format itself may have come into question in a pick-and-mix era of downloading and streaming, Daniel remains convinced it has a place as an art form. “The biggest, grandest statement one can make is this thing called a record or an album that holds a place of identity in the listener's mind,” they say. “When you say Plastic Ono Band you know that conjures up some moods, it conjures up some sounds, it conjures up what those songs have meant to you when you were listening to them and what they must have meant to John Lennon when they're writing them, it's a statement.”
A sense of progression between records is “something that we shoot for”, Daniel says. “I think we've been more successful sometimes than others but we're always thinking about it. Going back to that record Girls Can Tell, we knew that was a departure and ever since then we've always tried to think ‘What can we do next?' If we feel like a song is sounding like something we've done before or going in that territory we'll either drop it or kick it into a different realm if we can.”
Spoon play at Brudenell Social Club on Sunday June 3. www.spoontheband.com
According to Ibom Tourism who shared the photos, Sampson is their own African Super man. A man that 10 men can't bring down their hand. A man that 15 men can't pull, a man that can pull a car with their teeth, a man that eats bottle.
See all the photos that supposedly prove that below.
U.S. intelligence officials and private experts are trying to make sense of the missiles they saw displayed in Pyongyang Saturday during a parade to honor the 105th anniversary of the birth of the country's founder.
The procession's vast array of ballistic missiles included some models that hadn't been seen in public before, U.S. intelligence officials said.
"We are currently analyzing the equipment displayed at this year's parade," the Pentagon's Defense Intelligence Agency said in a statement. "While some systems appear consistent with past public displays, others have not been previously observed."
What isn't clear is to what extent the new missiles are functional. In the past, North Korea has paraded fake missiles.
"I still don't know what I saw," said Jeffrey Lewis, a North Korea specialist at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, in California, who said they recognized "things that are familiar that have been subtly redesigned — or in some cases, not so subtly."
Another U.S. intelligence official added, "Pyongyang's elaborate parade of weaponry was likely intended to telegraph to the world and its own people that North Korea maintains a viable deterrent. Unfortunately, behind the goose-stepping soldiers, parade of missiles and belligerent bluster, lies a country that at its core is only held together by its sheer brutality. As with many things with North Korea, the task is to discern the fact from the fiction. Were they displaying real missiles or just big green tubes?"
One of those tubes was the size of an intercontinental ballistic missile, experts said. But it's unclear whether it was an actual weapon. Nor is it clear that North Korea has the technology to mount a nuclear warhead on such a missile.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
WASHINGTON — The entire political world is watching Alabama's Senate race, but what happens Tuesday is anybody's guess.
The highly unusual nature of the election, along with the difficulty faced by pollsters, has made the race murkier than a cypress swamp.
Recent polls show Republican Roy Moore leading Democrat Doug Jones by single digits, and most experts would bet on the Republican to prevail in the heavily red state — but they probably wouldn't wager much on it.
"There is no like election like this one," said Zac McCrary, a Democratic pollster based in Montgomery, whose firm, Anzalone Liszt Grove Research, has been involved in some of this year's biggest races.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed In Alabama Senate race, 'nobody is comfortable' with Moore-Jones showdown 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Turnout is always tough to predict in a special election, especially one two weeks before Christmas. Even establishing a baseline of expectations for the race is slippery, since few have bothered polling a state where elections are generally predetermined for candidates with an "R" next to their name on the ballot.
The allegations of sexual impropriety against Moore may keep some Republicans home and could lead others to cast write-in votes, following the example of Sen. Richard Shelby, who said Sunday on CNN, "I couldn't vote for Roy Moore." But the extent of those GOP defections is impossible to gauge.
Also confounding pollsters in Alabama is the degree to which President Donald Trump's election has disrupted the political environment in ways that are still not fully understood, but are clearly energizing Democrats in places they are usually dormant. And finally, add to the muddled mix Jones' heavy advantage on ad spending and get-out-the-vote operations. How much difference that will make on Election Day is another "X" factor.
Taken together, the only thing analysts and pollsters know for certain about the race is that they're uncertain about it.
David Byler, the chief elections analyst for the conservative Weekly Standard, said observers are "flying blind in Alabama," while the Washington Post's Philip Bump wrote that the cascade of complications makes the race "all but impossible" to forecast.
Tom Bonier, the CEO of the data analytics firm Target Smart, said "nobody has any clue what turnout is going to look like," writing on Twitter that their overall assessment of the race is: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. (That's a "shruggie" emoji, indicating a "who knows?" lack of knowledge about a particular topic at hand.)
Uncertainty about the contest even led one online polling firm, Survey Monkey, which regularly partners with NBC News, to take the highly unusual step of publishing the results of its latest poll on Saturday without making a prediction.
Instead, Survey Monkey offered estimates of 10 different potential outcomes, based on varying turnout scenarios.
"Data collected over the past week, with different models applied, show everything between an 8-percentage-point margin favoring Jones and a 9-percentage-point margin favoring Moore," Survey Monkey's Mark Blumenthal wrote. "(T)he findings make a projection of the outcome virtually impossible."
What few polls that do exist in Alabama generally come from lesser-known firms that don't use the more sophisticated — and expensive — techniques favored by experts. They rely on automated robocalls, which generally are prohibited from calling cell phones, and online surveys, which vary widely in quality.
Survey Monkey, while using online surveys, has developed a reputation as more credible than many competitors because of a special models they employ.
Even under more favorable circumstances, polls of Senate races tend to be less reliable than those of presidential contests. An analysis by The Economist found an average error of 6 percentage points in Senate race polling from 1998 to 2014.
Just last month, pollsters missed the mark by a similar margin in Virginia's gubernatorial campaign, which was this year's only "normal" major competitive general election. Polls there were all over the place heading into Election Day, finally landing on a prediction, according to the Real Clear Politics average, that Democrat Ralph Northam would win by about 3 percentage points. They ended up winning by nearly 9.
A six-point polling error Tuesday would easily put Jones ahead of Moore, who trailed by 3.8 percent in the Real Clear Politics polling average of the most recent eight polls, as of Sunday. Averages help provide a better picture than individual polls.
Fewer than 500,000 Alabamians voted in the GOP runoff election in late September, when Moore beat Sen. Luther Strange. Turnout is expected to be higher in Tuesday's election, but Alabama's Secretary of State is still only predicting turnout of about 25 percent of registered voters, well under 1 million.
Low turnout magnifies even small errors in pollsters' assumptions, along with marginal changes to the landscape, such as weather, since every individual vote carries more weight. By the same token, even a limited number of write-ins could tip the balance in a tight race.
And pollsters say there are few lessons to apply to Alabama from the handful of other elections this year, given the stark differences between those races.
For example, Georgia and South Carolina both held special congressional elections on the same day in June. But the outsize attention and money brought to bear in Georgia's contest led more than 250,000 voters to cast a ballot, while fewer than 90,000 did so in South Carolina, despite both districts having roughly the same population.
Then there's the fact that, given the questions around Moore, many Alabama Republicans may not yet know themselves what they're going to do, or whether they're going to vote at all.
And there's even concern that some voters may be lying to pollsters about their intentions because they feel uncomfortable revealing their support for someone accused of sexual misconduct with teenagers. For that matter, there may also be "shy" Jones voters who don't want their conservative friends and family to know they're considering breaking ranks to vote for a Democrat.
Given the antipathy some Moore supporters feel for the media, which sponsors many public polls, it's possible some are refusing to accept pollsters' calls. At a Moore rally last week, several supporters declined interview requests because they said they didn't trust the press.
"There are so many wildcards here," said McCrary. "This race is so idiosyncratic: You have the state's basic political DNA butting up against a climate that is better for Democrats, butting up (against) a Republican with extremely unique baggage. You have the disparity in the campaign finance, 10-to-1."
"All of that makes it very difficult to pinpoint exactly what is going to happen," they added.
BOILING SPRINGS, N.C. — Patrick Zeck's putback with 11.4 seconds left lifted Gardner-Webb to a 63-61 win over Charleston Southern on Saturday.
David Efianayi missed a short jumper but Zeck was there for the follow from the centre of the paint.
Charleston Southern's Christian Keeling hit a 3-pointer with 48 seconds left then Cortez Mitchell made a steal under the Buccaneers basket and laid the ball in for a 61-all tie after trailing by 14 in the second half.
Jaheam Cornwall came off the bench to make three 3-pointers and score 14 points, 11 in the first half when the Bulldogs took a 39-29 lead. Liam O'Reilly also scored 14 points while Efianayi added 13 and Zack and DJ Laster 10 each as Gardner-Webb (12-3, 7-5 Big South) went to 10-0 at home.
Keeling scored 15 points, their 31st straight game in double figures, and Ty Jones 10 for Charleston Southern (9-14, 4-8).
Revenge is a dish best served cold and Crusaders had to wait almost four whole months to get even with Ballymena United who all but ended their three-in-a-row title challenge last season.
Stephen Baxter admitted he's been plotting their revenge over the Sky Blues - who won twice against their troops at the Showgrounds last year - since the 2017/18 Premiership fixtures were released last June.
The Crusaders boss has watched every one of Ballymena's pre-season games as they attempted to find a way to make a statement on the opening day of the new Danske Bank Premiership as the Hatchet men set their sights on reclaiming the title.
It was an early chance to ‘right the wrongs' of a hugely frustrating head-to-head record against David Jeffrey's side, particularly that 3-0 loss last April in the penultimate game of the campaign which saw their title tilt bite the dust. And the Seaview men exacted revenge in some style with an emphatic opening day victory over their hosts on Friday night in Ballymena.
Jeffrey was braced for a backlash and while it took a while to materialise, it came in the shape of four second half goals.
The home side looked on course for another upset when Matthew Shevlin bundled the ball over the line to give the Braidmen the lead on 54 minutes.
However, Crusaders got back on terms six minutes later when the diminutive Paul Heatley fired into the net before United defender, Kyle Owens was given their marching orders for a foul on the striker just 60 seconds later. That dismissal opened up space for the dangerous attacking duo of Heatley and Gavin Smyth who ran riot against a Ballymena defence all at sea.
And man of the match, Heatley completed the turnaround with a sublime strike on the volley on 78 minutes worthy of deciding any match.
The game was all but over at that stage but goals from skipper, Colin Coates, who made up for their mistake in the lead up to Ballymena's opener, and a 90th minute header from substitute Jordan Forsythe completed the rout. It was a long time coming but Baxter was delighted to come away from the Showgrounds with three points on the board and having delivered an early statement of intent to their title rivals.
“We came here last year twice and lost so we were very determined to right that wrong,” they admitted. “We worked very, very hard tactically towards this game in pre-season.
“We did what we had to do very professionally and had a fantastic shape around the team. It's a nice start and this was the only game which really captured my attention for the past six weeks since the draw. We watched Ballymena in every pre-season friendly to make sure we got the result we got tonight.
“Ballymena were the only team to beat us twice. We knew it would be a tough opening game.”
It was a cagey opening to the game and while Ballymena came closest in the first half when a blistering strike from Leroy Millar from 25 yards needed to be turned over the crossbar by Brian Jensen.
But while Baxter's troops enjoyed the best of the chances throughout, it wasn't until the sending off of Ballymena centre half, Owens that they opened up their hosts at will.
“We limited Ballymena to kicking the ball long,” added Baxter. “I felt very comfortable around the game at half-time and then second half we conceded a goal at the start of the second half with people not picking up properly and that's very disappointing.
“Once we made a very quick adjustment and changed our shape then we just drove at the heart of them and penetrated them in the right areas and did that particularly well. The last 30 minutes we were top drawer.
“Four goals was incredibly fair. We missed four chances in the first half and they had one shot where the keeper has tipped it over. Outside of that they had no efforts on goal and didn't open us up in any shape or form.
“ The amount of chances we had it could give been as cricket score.”
Irish Residential Properties REIT has reported higher profits and revenues for 2016 as strong market demand and a continued shortage of housing helps support the rental market.
I-RES said its profit for the year to the end of December rose to €47m from €30.8m while revenues from its investment properties increased to €38.8m from €24.7m.
The company, which is the State's largest private landlord, reported an overall occupancy rate for its properties of 98.7%, up from 96% in 2015.
It said its board of directors intends to declare an dividend of 4.9 cent per share for the year.
During the year, I-RES completed the acquisition of 763 apartments and over 18,000 square metres of ancillary commercial space.
This increased its apartment count by 47% to 2,378 apartments at a total investment of €623m.
It noted that all the apartments are in the Dublin area and are near important transportation links and employment centres. Its portfolio includes Kings Court in Smithfield, Grande Central in Sandyford and the Marker in Dublin's Docklands.
The company's chief executive David Ehrlich said it will continue to look at "accretive acquisitions" after
considering the 4% annual cap on rent increases.
"I-RES also believes that opportunities will come from its development intensification opportunities, and continued severe supply and demand imbalance. As a result, we believe our prospects for continued bottom line growth are very positive (notwithstanding the new government imposed cap on rent increases)," Mr Ehrlich added.
"We continue to grow our bottom line and expect growing and secure dividends going forward, derived from professional management and the quality of the portfolio," they added.
I-RES was recently refused planning for a major 492-apartment development in Dublin's Sandyford.
It has been asked to resubmit proposals for its "Rockbrook" site after Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council rejected the initial scheme on height and density grounds.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The final major demonstrations of the loyal order marching season will take place in six main venues on August 26, with members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The Institution has 17,000 members in around 350 preceptories, and will demonstrate in Comber, Antrim, Castledawson, Lisburn, Omagh and Aughnacloy for the traditional ‘Last Saturday' event.
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr, who will be taking part in the Castledawson procession said the institution was once again looking forward to the much-anticipated day in the parading calendar.
They said: “The ‘Last Saturday' traditionally brings the curtain down on the loyal order parading season and we are expecting yet another magnificent finale.
“The various demonstrations will offer a wonderful spectacle of culture and pageantry, attended and enjoyed by large crowds at six different venues across the Province.”
COMBER
The largest parade of the day will be in Comber where 5,000 members of the loyal order will be on parade. A total of 107 preceptories and approximately 100 bands will take part in the procession.
The districts represented will be Lower Iveagh, Lecale, Castlewellan, Newry, Banbridge, Rathfriland, Mourne, Largymore, Ballynahinch, Newtownards, Saintfield, Bangor and Comber.
Among the many preceptories stepping out will be the largest in the Institution, Elijah's Chosen Few RBP 208 from Mourne District, with more than 250 members.
A large crowd is expected to turn out to watch the parade, which was last held in the Co Down town in 2004.
The main procession moves off at noon from Parkway via Killinchy Street, The Square, High Street, Braeside, Ballygowan Road, Railway Street, Glen Link and Belfast Road.
The religious service will begin at 3pm and will be chaired by Brian Hunter, Co Down Grand Master. Rev Stanley Gamble will conduct the service of worship.
Assistant Sovereign Grand Master, William Baillie, will be the guest speaker.
ANTRIM
Up to 80 preceptories will take part in the demonstration in Antrim.
The main parade will assemble at Fountain Hill at 12.30pm and proceed through the town via Fountain Street, Church Street, High Street, Bridge Street and Dublin Road to the field on the Randalstown Road.
The participating Co Antrim preceptories will come from six districts representing Antrim, Lisburn, Ballymena, Larne, Ballymoney and Ballyclare.
It is expected there will be 75 bands and 2,500 members of the Royal Black Institution on parade.
The platform proceedings will begin at 3pm under the chairperson, Charles Hamilton, Antrim District Master. Co Antrim Grand Chaplain, Robert Campbell, will conduct the service of worship.
The guest speaker will be Rev William Anderson, imperial deputy grand master and imperial deputy grand chaplain.
A Last Saturday parade was last held in Antrim town in 2011.
CASTLEDAWSON
Sovereign Grand Master Millar Farr will be the special guest at the Co Londonderry demonstration in Castledawson.
The village is hosting a Last Saturday parade for the first time.
The demonstration will include 35 preceptories representing districts in South Londonderry, City of Londonderry, Coleraine and Raphoe, Co Donegal.
Thirty bands will accompany the parade, which begins at midday from Hillhead Road proceeding through the village to the demonstration field on the Magherafelt Road.
The platform proceedings are at 2pm and the preacher will be Rev John Noble, imperial deputy grand chaplain.
The principal speaker will be the sovereign grand master.
LISBURN
The City of Belfast Grand Black Chapter demonstration will be held this year in Lisburn.
It is tradition for members of the institution in Belfast to parade in various provincial towns and cities.
A total of 54 preceptories, representing seven districts, will step out in Lagan Valley, accompanied by 33 bands.
The main parade will move off at noon from Wallace Park and the procession route will be Seymour Street, Castle Street, Market Street North, Market Street South, Market Street, Smithfield Street, Market Place, Bow Street, Antrim Street, Antrim Road and North Circular Road, returning to Wallace Park for a religious service.
The principal speaker will be City Grand Master, William Elliott, with the service of worship conducted by Alan McIntosh, city grand chaplain.
City Grand Registrar, Christopher Cunningham, will chair the proceedings.
OMAGH
Twenty-four preceptories will be on parade in Tyrone's county town on the Last Saturday.
Sir Knights from Omagh, and neighbouring Castlederg and Strabane districts, will be accompanied by as many bands for the annual procession.
The event will be a special occasion for Omagh District and Omagh Olive Branch RBP 185, who both celebrate their 150th anniversaries.
The main parade will commence at 1pm and move via Crevenagh Road, Irishtown Road, Dublin Road, Market Street, High Street, John Street, James Street, Church Street, George's Street, High Street, Bridge Street, Drumragh Avenue, Market Street and Campsie Road before returning to the Crevenagh Road for a religious service.
The platform proceedings will begin at 2.30pm and the chairperson will be Stanley McFarland.
The service of worship will be conducted by Co Tyrone Grand Chaplain, Rev Alan Irwin, and the preacher will be Rev Nigel Reid, an imperial grand chaplain.
The guest speaker will be Ivan Kelly, past assistant sovereign grand master.
AUGHNACLOY
Up to 80 preceptories and a similar number of bands will take part in the demonstration in Aughnacloy.
The large parade in the south Tyrone village, hosting a Last Saturday procession for the first time since 2006, will commence at 11.45am.
The districts represented are from the Republic of Ireland, Fermanagh, Primatial, Summerisland, Killyman, Aughnacloy and East Tyrone.
Senior Sir Knights in attendance will include Imperial Grand Registrar, Billy Scott, and Imperial Grand Treasurer, David Livingstone.
The main parade will commence from the assembly field on the Tullyvar Road and proceed via Moore Street to the demonstration field on the Caledon Road.
The religious service, starting at 2.15pm, will be chaired by Aughnacloy District Master, Harold Erskine.
Co Tyrone Grand Master Richard Emerson will be the principal speaker. The preacher will be Robin Fairburn, chaplain of Saintfield District.
It's difficult to imagine how Call the Midwife could become any more touching, but this week writer Heidi Thomas pulls it off yet again with a spectacular scene revealing nuns, nurses, doctors and locals all going weak at the knees at the entrance of the beautiful bride, Nurse Barbara, in their fur-trimmed cloak.
Advertisement
Pulling together life's great dramatic events, which we all recognise from our own experience, has been one of the key ingredients to the drama's phenomenal success, attracting more than ten million viewers.
However, this is Call the Midwife, not Bless the Bride, and although the wedding makes a fitting climax, it is, as always, all about the babies. Indeed, there is even the arrival of a baby to a midwife themselves this week. And yes, the show may well have expanded into key areas of social history such as female contraception and East End immigration, but the special moment is when the newborn turns up. All the babies are adorable, and truly newborns. There's no CGI montage going on here. These are real, beady-eyed babies, just hatched, exuding their mysterious wisdom and waving their arms around in that gorgeous manner that only actual newborns do. It must be wonderful having them on set.
“Well, they are real divas,” says Charlotte Ritchie, who plays Nurse Barbara Gilbert, whose wedding takes place in this week's episode.
What? Surely not? Yes, says the unrepentant Ritchie. “They cry all the time. They have 15-minute breaks every 15 minutes and everyone has to be hushed when they turn up! They get everything they want.”
Charlotte Ritchie as Barbara heading to their wedding
They can't seriously be piqued by being upstaged by a newborn? Well, no. Ritchie admits they are rather sweet and working with them has some advantages. “The other day I was on a train and someone handed me their baby while they went off to the loo. I didn't feel nervous, I felt at ease. It was nice. I feel much more of an impulse to help mums and dads on their own.”
How was filming the wedding? “That was very nerve-racking, wearing a real wedding dress and going through the whole ceremony. Having to keep my dress white and make sure I didn't spill tea down my front was a major concern.”
But back to the babies. Surely it's difficult to find parents who are willing to give up their newborns to appear in Call the Midwife? Not at all, says series producer Ann Tricklebank. “Lots of eager parents contact us and say, ‘We are having a baby, would you like it on the show?' But the reality is that we need our newborns at very specific times due to the filming schedule, and so we get most of our babies through a specialist talent agency. We use babies up to about eight weeks old, and sometimes we have special demands, for example with regard to ethnicity. Or perhaps if we're covering a premature birth, we will need a tiny baby.
“We can't use babies of people who write in because the baby has to tie into the shooting schedule, not the other way round. Although of course, once the baby is on set, we have to comply with regulations about working time, and we are very happy to do that.”
Shooting the birth is a complicated affair, according to Tricklebank. “One baby being born on screen will take at least five hours to shoot, and very often the actor playing the mother will never have had a baby herself. So first of all we have to rehearse what that experience is like. Our midwifery adviser Terri Coates puts the actor through the birthing process following the structure of that week's story, whether the birth is at home or in hospital or in the back of a car.”
Of course, the real newborns don't have to show up for rehearsals. “We rehearse the birth with what we call a ‘jelly baby', which is essentially a silicone model that feels and looks just like a real baby. But when the time comes to shoot, we use a real baby. We pass it under the actor's thigh and they bring it up, holding the baby and its umbilical cord, which is made of silicone, and then they hold it against its tummy.”
Jelly Baby: a spookily authentic silicone newborn
It can't be easy coping with a wriggling, slippery baby and having to remember to hold the cord in the right place. What happens if there is a gap caught on camera between cord and baby? “We correct it with CGI.” And what about the authentic slipperiness? “Grape juice and stage blood, basically.” What do the babies' mothers think of this? “They are fine. They can either sit on set with us or watch the filming on a nearby monitor. It's a big day for them, too.”
It's all incredibly well thought out. However, as every actor knows, children aren't easy to film with, so newborns must be no exception.
Has Tricklebank ever had to film a birth with a furious newborn not happy about being launched so early into its acting career?
“No, we know how to handle babies. The room is as warm and quiet as possible. Our crew is well used to babies. They know when the baby arrives on set, they must all be quiet and still.”
Ah yes, the diva quotient. What happens when problem births are covered? “If it's a difficult birth, we might look to use newborn twins, who can give us twice as much time filming on camera.” And disability? “When we were doing our thalidomide story, we used the head of a real toddler and the arms and legs were done by animatronics. I think all parents who have had able-bodied babies are happy to help, and in this case support parents and babies who went through thalidomide 50 years ago. I think that's why Call the Midwife is so loved. Because what happens in it could happen to anyone.”
Over the years the show has gone through a lot of babies. “We use about 60 to 70 a series,” says Tricklebank. “And upwards of 200 small children. That's a lot, but we don't think we'll run out. The parents love it because they have a little scene with their baby that they can keep for ever. It's special.”
It's pretty memorable for the actor portraying the birth, too. Laura Main, who plays Shelagh Turner, has their baby in this week's episode. They have not had any children herself, so how did they prepare for the role?
“I talked to Terri [Coates, the midwifery adviser] about the different stages of labour, and I watched people giving birth on YouTube. They haven't been edited too much, and it's pretty difficult to watch! But the women have no inhibitions and they are very inspiring.”
Main
When it came to filming day, Main admits they were pretty nervous. “I was worried I would be embarrassed doing a birth scene. But the crew was very supportive and of course Jenny [Agutter, who plays Sister Julienne] and Stephen [McGann, who plays Shelagh's husband Dr Turner] were amazing. And women who are giving birth go into a zone, don't they? You block it all out and just go for it. It was a very memorable day. After all, I started on the show as Sister Bernadette, a nun who thought they were infertile. And here I am as midwife Shelagh giving birth.
“It was just lovely. And nice for me as an actor to play another massive aspect of life. It makes me want to have a baby of my own.”
Advertisement
This article was originally published in the 11-17 March 2017 issue of Radio Times
It's the busiest time of the year at MacQueen's Orchards in Springfield Township.
The harvest is here and so is the annual festival..
The apple crop is not as big as last year because last year each tree was full, making them tired this year with not as many buds.
Basically the trees took a rest.
The size of the apples however is excellent, and so is the quality.
Prices are the same as last year.
“We had some great growing conditions this summer. It was cold at first, then just enough rain came in. Weather was good for us this summer” according to Jeff MacQueen.
And just like every year there's a great reason to come to MacQueen's Orchards this weekend.
MacQueen's 36th annual apple butter festival is this Saturday and Sunday.
There are rides, entertainment and obviously plenty of apples to make dumplings, fritters, cider and pie.
Admission to the festival is free.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
InFocus Corporation (www.infocus.com) today announces its new Mondopad Flex video collaboration system. The system features two 40-inch HD projected capacitive touchscreens that deliver integrated video conferencing, interactive whiteboarding, presentation, annotation, and data sharing for seamless collaboration in executive offices, huddle spaces or any challenging install that requires flexibility in screen configuration. The displays can be mounted end to end in a horizontal array to provide a wide, cinematic presentation of shared content and video conferencing participants or mounted one above the other where wall space is limited. Easy to use directly out of the box, the feature rich Mondopad Flex offers sleek design, bright HD displays, and the most intuitive multi touch capabilities for any office or collaborative environment.
"There's nothing more valuable than people working together. Businesses, public agencies, and schools recognize the power of video conferencing and full-spectrum collaboration with remote colleagues and are deploying it throughout their organizations," said InFocus CEO Mark Housley. "With Mondopad Flex we've created a flexible, affordable way to extend the power of conferencing and collaboration beyond the conference room - into offices and huddle rooms - without compromising image quality or functionality."
InFocus Mondopad solutions enable teams to connect and share all types of content with local and remote audiences. Bringing the capabilities typically provided by multiple devices in traditional conference rooms, Mondopad Flex comprises two 40-inch full HD projective capacity touch-enabled screens with an HD video conferencing system, interactive whiteboard, audio conferencing, and a powerful PC. Able to perform a myriad of functions, Mondopad Flex allows team members in huddle spaces, offices or other small areas unable to accommodate a large single display to connect, see and hear colleagues anywhere. Using InFocus ConX Cloud with Mondopad Flex, teams can brainstorm on a shared whiteboard and collaboratively edit documents and draw directly onscreen, enabling real-time collaboration and more effective meetings. Documents can be saved to the Mondopad for future access, stored to the network, or emailed to anyone directly from the device. A high-quality camera and speaker facilitate enterprise-grade video conferencing even in a huddle space, making Mondopad Flex the collaboration system that connects people, devices and information easily, seamlessly and reliably directly out of the box. And because there are two screens with generous sizes, users see both data and people's faces easily and clearly.
Mondopad Flex runs Microsoft Windows 10 Pro™, and features a sixth-generation Intel Core i7-6700T processor and Q170 chipset with Intel vPro™ technology, with 8 GB memory and a 256 GB solid state hard drive. The Mondopad Flex seamlessly and securely integrates into existing enterprise infrastructure and is an easy-to-configure, out-of-the-box solution. Supporting SIP and H.323, Mondopad Flex is compatible with legacy video conferencing and display hardware and software, including Skype for Business and many third-party room video conferencing systems.
Advanced wireless casting, including support for AirPlay, Chrome, and Miracast, allows presenters to share content from their laptops, mobile phones, and tablets without using cables or dongles. Mondopad Flex also offers the security features native to Windows 10 Pro. As conference rooms, classrooms and collaboration environments evolve and change, Mondopad Flex offers the future-proof cross-platform and legacy compatibility institutions require, along with the installation flexibility and affordable price that permit widespread deployment.
InFocus Mondopad Flex is offered at $7,999 MSRP and is available in North America only July 1, 2017.
For more about InFocus and Mondopad Flex, visit: https://infocus.com/products/INF-MPFLEX-KIT.
About InFocus Corp. InFocus makes connecting people and ideas easy, reliable and affordable. The industry leader for more than 30 years, InFocus creates innovative collaboration solutions that support visual teamwork. Its award-winning, integrated services, hardware and software products are employed and trusted by thousands of the most successful businesses, public agencies, and schools around the world. With solutions for conference rooms, huddle rooms, office desktops, control rooms, classrooms, large venues, and people on the move, there is an InFocus product and service for every application. Learn more at www.InFocus.com. Visit the InFocus store at www.InFocusDirect.com. Follow InFocus on social media at facebook.com/InFocusCorp, linkedin.com/company/InFocus or twitter.com/InFocusCorp.
LONDON (AP) - The Daily Mail is branching into television, hiring ESPN football analyst Jesse Palmer to host a daily U.S. syndicated show starting next month.
The New York-based show seeks to replicate the blend of news, sensation, human interest and entertainment that has made the brand's online offering a trans-Atlantic success.
The company behind Britain's Daily Mail newspaper has expanded internationally with websites based in the U.K., U.S. and Australia that claim 244 million unique visitors a month.
The TV show promises a diet ranging "from exclusive stories to breaking news, showbiz, politics, crime, health and science and technology."
It starts Sept. 18. and is distributed through CBS Television Distribution. Executive producers include medic and talk-show host "Dr. Phil" McGraw.
The Mail said Monday that Palmer has left their job as a contributor to ABC's "Good Morning America," but will continue to appear on ESPN.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
RICHMOND, Va. — The James Madison-Richmond men's basketball game scheduled for Saturday has been postponed until Sunday at 2 p.m. due to inclement weather.
Tickets for Saturday's game will be honoured but refunds and exchanges aren't available.
The Richmond, Virginia, area saw snowfall ranging between 2 1/2 to 5 1/2 inches on Friday.
It's the first measurable snow at Richmond International Airport during the month of December in almost seven years. Thousands of power outages, and hundreds of vehicle crashes, were reported from 4 p.m. Friday to 3 p.m. Saturday.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Facebook announced on Wednesday it has banned far right political group Britain First for inciting hate against minority groups, four months after it was deregistered as a political party in the United Kingdom.
The move comes three months after Britain First leaders Paul Golding and Jayda Fransen were suspended from Twitter. The pair is currently serving jail time after being convicted last week of religiously aggravated harassment in the United Kingdom.
"We are an open platform for all ideas, and political speech goes to the heart of free expression," said Facebook in a statement. "But political views can and should be expressed without hate. People can express robust and controversial opinions without needing to denigrate others on the basis of who they are."
Facebook has long positioned itself as a global community where all political backgrounds are welcome to share and discuss issues. The company has shown a reluctance to censor anything that could be considered political speech; however, in the case of Britain First, it said "there are times though when legitimate political speech crosses the line and becomes hate speech designed to stir up hatred against groups in our society."
When Twitter began enforcing its new policies on violence, abuse and hate speech in December, Britain First was suspended from the site. The movement responded by migrating to Gab, a social media website that bills itself as a platform for free speech, but has become a popular spot for right wing trolls.
Last week, Fransen was sentenced to 36 weeks in jail, while the group leader, Golding, received 18 weeks. The charges stem from an investigation into the distribution of leaflets and videos last year during a trial in which three Muslim men and a teenager were convicted of rape.
Britain First gained notoriety in the United States after President Donald Trump retweeted inflammatory anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant videos last November.
Fransen thanked Trump for sharing the videos with their "44 MILLION FOLLOWERS!"
"GOD BLESS YOU TRUMP! GOD BLESS AMERICA!" they tweeted.
Trump told British journalist Piers Morgan in January that they didn't know about the group when they retweeted the videos and wasn't endorsing them. They said they shared the videos, the veracity of which have been questioned, because they are “a big believer in fighting radical Islamic terror.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Oddfellows Hotels, which has a successful venue in Chester, has opened a new hotel in Cheadle near Manchester.
Oddfellows on the Park is the second hotel in the Oddfellows collection following on the back of their Chester venue.
Located in the 120 acres of parkland of Bruntwood Park, the hotel is the culmination of a 15-month careful restoration that has transformed the beautiful Victorian mansion of Bruntwood Hall. The hotel is home to The Galloping Major restaurant, headed up by chef Ian Moss and The Stud Room bar.
Both hotels are owned by Jonathan Slater who was the MD of The Chester Grosvenor for 30 years and also a founder director of Small Luxury Hotels of the World.
Jonathan said: “It has been a wonderfully creative and challenging journey transforming and restoring Bruntwood Hall into the hotel it is today. It was a priority for us to retain the charm of the building in all its original glory – with a distinct nod to the building's history and its position within the park. We look forward to sharing our wonderful hotel with the guests that will make it come to life again.”
Oddfellows Hotels began its journey in Chester in 2011 when Jonathan Slater was approached by its owner to dramatically overhaul what was previously a members club, bar and restaurant. They oversaw a multi-million-pound award-winning redevelopment which involved the building of a new wing of 14 hotel bedrooms and the redevelopment of all the public spaces.
This launched to great effect in 2012 and the business has flourished as one of the city's success stories.
Golden Globe-winning sitcom Brooklyn Nine-Nine has been a big success, with fans around the word tuning in week after week to follow the misadventures of the NYPD's 99th police department as they solve crime, catch bad guys and get up to all sorts of hijinks in their time off.
Advertisement
The series stars Andy Samberg as Jake Peralta, an offbeat and childish detective who clashes with stern new boss Captain Holt (Andre Braugher) when he's not solving cases with best friend/partner Boyle (Joe Lo Truglio) or making bets with rival/love interest Amy Santiago (Melissa Fumero).
Rounding out the cast is badass detective Rosa Diaz, neurotic desk sergent Terry (Terry Crews), self-obsessed office worker Gina (Chela Peretti) and inveterate losers Hitchcock and Scully (Dirk Blocker and Joel McKinnon Miller).
And fans of the series who want to watch it again (or catch up before it's shown on TV) are in luck, because Brooklyn Nine-Nine is indeed available on Netflix UK.
Advertisement
The first four seasons are currently available to stream, and it doesn't look like they're going anywhere anytime soon.
by Okeechobee CAM Staff
Fishing on the north end of the Big'O' has been for the most part very good; mild air temperatures and good weather has made conditions favorable for a good bite. Early morning bass action has been at its best on wild shiners. Catches of 50 plus fish a day are common and bigger females continue to move in from the open lake for their annual spawning ritual.
Buckhead Ridge and Tin House Cove have been the most consistent for fast action. Schools of smaller fish in the 1 to 3 lb. range are on the outside edges of the reed lines and they make for some fun and fast action. After you go through 3 or 4 dozen of your shiners, move inside and find a mat to anchor up on and you will have a better chance at a big fish. Eagle Bay had its ups and down, one day it's some of the best fishing you have ever seen and the next it can leave you scratching your head. But don't be discouraged, this is a big lake and with a little local knowledge and a little effort, you can find fish biting.
The North Shore down on the west side of the lake in the Lakeport area has had very good action in open water between Horse Island and the Point of the Reef. The best thing about this part of the lake is there are a couple of different ways to fish here; you can anchor your boat which is what most fishermen do, or you can drift and this area is meant for drifting. When drifting you can cover a lot of water fasts and can find fish in a hurry. If you hit a hotspot drifting and catch a couple of fish real quick, don't be afraid to stop your boat and put some live baits out. Even if you are artificial fishing, when you are drifting like that an anchor can be your best friend. So many times people will catch a bass and move right on down the line, when in reality they should stop their boat and fish it slow. Bass usually have a few of their friends with them so don't think that's the only fish there. Since January typically has more windy days, deploying a drift sock will slow down your drift enabling you to work the area more thoroughly.
Crappie action has been improving. Specks are moving into the reed heads in front of the Okeechobee Pier and at the Buckhead marker and are being caught on jigs and minnows. Fishermen that are drifting are catching limits in the open lake out in front of the mouth of the Kissimmee River. Down towards Harney Pond, anglers are not maxing out yet but the size of the specks have been impressive. Reports of 2.25 to 2.75 lb. specks have been common. The area between Bird Island and the Point of the Reef has been very active.
During the bass and speck spawning seasons, pay particular attention to the phases of the moon. During the next few months, the days just prior to and just after the full and new moons will be particularly active.
Be sure and stop by Garrard's Bait and Tackle for all your fishing needs. GOOD FISHIN!
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting themselves and their state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson is a low-key former prosecutor known for delving into policy issues, but he's putting themselves and their state at the center of the national debate over the death penalty.
(Arkansas Department of Correction, via AP, File). FILE - This 2013 file photo provided by the Arkansas Department of Correction shows Don William Davis, who has been scheduled for execution Monday, April 17, 2017.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
(Stephen B. Thornton/The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette via AP). People gather at a rally opposing the state's upcoming executions, on the front steps of Arkansas' Capitol, Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark.
(Sherry Simon via AP). This photo provided by Sherry Simon shows Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen taking part of an anti-death penalty demonstration outside the Governor's Mansion Friday, April 14, 2017 in Little Rock, Ark.
(AP Photo/Kelly P. Kissel). Protesters gather outside the state Capitol building on Friday, April 14, 2017, in Little Rock, Ark., to voice their opposition to Arkansas' seven upcoming executions.
By ANDREW DeMILLO and SEAN MURPHYAssociated Press
VARNER, Ark. (AP) - A federal appeals court on Monday cleared one of several legal obstacles Arkansas faced in its plan to execute several inmates before the end of April, but the effort remained in limbo as state officials fought other rulings halting the executions.
The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' decision came hours after the Arkansas Supreme Court halted the executions of two men originally scheduled to be put to death Monday night. The federal court overturned U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker's decision to halt the executions over the use of a controversial lethal injection drug, but the state Supreme Court's rulings remain in place.
"Under our view of the correct legal standard, we cannot agree with the district court that the prisoners have demonstrated a significant possibility of establishing a known and available alternative that would significantly reduce a substantial risk of severe pain," the court said.
Earlier Monday afternoon, the state Supreme Court issued a 4-3 decision granting stays for Don Davis and Bruce Ward. The inmates wanted stays of execution while the U.S. Supreme Court takes up a separate case concerning access to independent mental health experts by defendants. The U.S. high court is set to hold oral arguments on April 24.
Three Arkansas justices dissented, with Associate Justice Shawn Womack writing that Ward and Davis "had their day in court, the jury spoke, and decades of appeals have occurred. The families are entitled to closure and finality of the law."
The inmates' attorneys argued that their clients were denied access to independent mental health experts, saying Ward has a lifelong history of severe mental illness and that Davis has an IQ in the range of intellectual disability.
Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office said they would appeal the state ruling to the U.S. Supreme Court. Rutledge said in a status update with the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that they believe the state court's ruling was based on a misinterpretation of federal law.
The Arkansas high court already had issued one stay for Ward after a Jefferson County judge said they didn't have the authority to halt Ward's execution. Ward's attorneys have argued they are a diagnosed schizophrenic with no rational understanding of their impending execution.
The back-and-forth with the courts came as the state seeks to execute eight prisoners before its supply of the sedative midazolam expires at the end of the month. If court proceedings are pushed into May, Arkansas won't be able to carry out the executions with the drugs it has on hand.
The state was still moving forward with plans to conduct the Monday night executions in the event that all stays were lifted. A spokesperson for Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge had no immediate comment on the latest stays, saying the office was still reviewing the court's order.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Supreme Court also barred a state judge who blocked the multiple execution plan from taking up any death penalty related cases after they participated in a protest where they appeared to mimic a death row inmate about to receive a lethal injection. Justices reassigned any death penalty cases from Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen, who banned the state from using a lethal injection drug a supplier said was misleadingly obtained. After issuing the order, Griffen participated in an anti-death penalty demonstration where they were strapped to a cot. The high court asked a disciplinary panel to consider whether Griffen violated the code of conduct for judges.
___
Associated Press writers Jill Bleed in Little Rock and Kelly P. Kissel in Varner contributed to this report. DeMillo reported from Little Rock.
___
Follow Sean Murphy on Twitter at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy and Andrew DeMillo at www.twitter.com/ademillo
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOUSTON - A delicate but amazing process is taking place at Holocaust Museum Houston this week.
A Danish rescue boat and a railcar from the World War II era are being moved by a crane to a permanent home inside the museum at 5401 Caroline Street.
Back in January, the artifacts were moved to a location near the museum while the building is being expanded.
The boat weighs 14 tons, while the railcar weighs 10.5 tons.
"Previously, (the artifacts) were outside of our facility and now they will become part of the actual 'Bearing Witness' exhibition and it will be placed within the building itself," Dr. Kelly J. Zuniga, CEO of the Holocaust Museum Houston, said.
The expansion will more than double the size of the museum to 57,000 square feet of space.
Construction should be completed in May 2019.
VIDEO: HMH CEO speaks on artifacts move
Here is more information about the artifacts, according to HMH:
"The 1942 World War II-era railcar, the type used to carry thousands of Jews and other innocent victims to their deaths during the Holocaust, was located by the Museum in Blankenburg, Germany in 2005.It was acquired, refurbished and opened as part of the Museum's permanent collection in December 2005. The World War II-era railcar is 13.5 feet tall, 9.2 feet wide, 25.7 feet long. By historical estimates, more than 3 million people were taken to their deaths by train during the Holocaust.
"The Danish Rescue Boat, the Hanne Frank, was transported from Gilleleje, Denmark in late 2007 and officially opened for viewing on Jan. 20, 2008. When Nazis tried to round up Danish Jews for deportation and almost certain execution in 1943, Danes used such fishing boats to ferry more than 7,200 Jews and 700 non-Jewish relatives to safety in Sweden. In 2012, Houston's weather conditions required an extensive refurbishment of the boat and it was rededicated in October of 2015. The fishing boat is 37.1 feet long, 13.9 feet wide and 5.7 feet deep."
VIDEO: Time lapse of artifacts moved at Holocaust Museum Houston
PHOTOS: See the boat relocation
The museum has temporarily relocated to 9220 Kirby Drive. Admission is free on Sundays.
Visit hmh.org for more information.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The history of Coronation Street pre-1960 will be told in three new novels to be published by Harper Collins.
The first - Christmas on Coronation Street - will be published in November, with two more books planned for 2018.
Manchester-based author Maggie Sullivan has penned the novels which 'tell the story of the early lives of the iconic matriarchs of the street'. The festive instalment looks set to focus on Elsie Tanner, who has to deal with the Blitz hitting Weatherfield during the Second World War.
Speaking about the project Sullivan said: "It has been so exciting to work with HarperCollins and ITV on this project, a wonderful opportunity to explore the lives of the old favourites and to get to know them better."
This isn't the first time that tie-in books have delved into the history of Coronation Street - Daran Little and Christine Green having already written about the wartime experiences of Elsie Tanner, Ena Sharples and Annie Walker.
A series of novelisations of early 1960s' episodes were also published, including the likes of Elsie Tanner Fights Back and Trouble at the Rovers.
You can watch a 60-second rundown of next week's episodes of Coronation Street below.
And visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Rop repeats as Firecracker champ
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-20', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 20', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-25', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 25', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-30', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 30', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-35', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 35', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-38', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 38', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
BETHEL — Glarius Rop began to distance themselves from the rest of the field at the 53rd annual John DeMille Firecracker 8k road race by the second mile-marker. By the time they reached the Sycamore Drive-In Restaurant and the third mile-marker, they were so far ahead they could have stopped for a milkshake.
The 34-year-old Rop, a native of Kenya who now hails from Agawam, Mass., won their second consecutive Firecracker title in dominant fashion, finishing in 26:34 Wednesday.
“My goal was to take it easy at the beginning and see how much everyone else had at the end,” they said with a broad smile only moments after crossing the finish line in front of the Clifford J. Hurgin Municipal Center. Amazingly, they showed almost no ill effects of running roughly five miles at a machine-like 5:21 pace in excruciating heat and humidity.
Runner-up honors went to 28-year-old Kevin Hoyt of Newtown, who surrged late and finished in 27:12. They were followed by 20-year-old Christopher Rivas of Brookfield in 27:20 and 27-year-old Craig Hunt of New Milford in 27:47.
Hunt was the one runner who hung with Rop for the first couple miles before dropping back a bit. Rop stretched their lead on a downhill stretch at roughly the halfway point and ran alone from then on.
More Information 53rd-annual John DeMille Firecracker 8k July 4, Bethel Top 25 finishers 1. Glarius Rop, Agawam, Mass., 26:34; 2. Kevin Hoyt, Newtown, 27:12; 3. Christopher Rivas, Brookfield, 27:20; 4. Craig Hunt, New Milford, 27:47; 5. Hunter McIntyre, 29:22; 6. Ryan McNerney, Sandy Hook, 30:05; 7. Edward Soriano, Bethel, 30:25; 8. Rob Doyle, Bethel, 30:30; 9. Anna Shields, Harwinton, 30:37; 10. Nick Fraticelli, Danbury, 30:59; 11. Maria Moraes, Danbury, 31:36; 12. Joshua Cordeira, Bethel, 31:38; 13. Nick Kulhay, Brookfield, 32:48; 14. Auguste Smith, Bethel, 32:59; 15. Dillon Bell, Bethel, 33:27; 16. Eric Ciocca, Northampton, Mass., 33:40; 17. Manoel Leal, Danbury, 33:52; 18. Xander Goodwin, Bethel, 33:57; 19. Haroon Chaudhry, Hamden, 34:06; 20. Kayla Cohen, New Fairfield, 34:13; 21. Hazel Hudson, New Fairfield, 34:27; 22. Justin Krasovetz, Bethel, 34:36; 23. Jeff Zanchelli, Bethel, 34:57; 24. Mary Hartman, Danbury, 35:04; 25. Robert Burbank, Newtown, 35:08. Complete results available at FastTrackTiming.com.
“My competitor was really strong in the beginning, and I was getting concerned,” Rop said. “But I knew the race was a long way to go.”
The top female finisher was 27-year-old Anna Shields of Harwinton, who placed ninth overall in 30:37. The former cross-country and track and field standout at Lewis Mills High School in Burlington won the State Open titles in the 3,200 and 1,600 meters as a senior in 2008. Before that, they won their first Firecracker title in 2006.
“It's a great race,” they said. “It's hard, but it's fun. And there's always a great crowd.”
Runner-up honors in the women's race went to 44-year-old Maria Moraes of Danbury, who placed 11th in 31:36. They were followed by 16-year-old Kayla Cohen of New Fairfield, who placed 20th in 34:13. Cohen, a cross-country and track and field standout at New Fairfield High School, placed 15th at the State Open cross country championships last fall.
The heat, which steadily crept toward 90 degrees throughout the morning, was an added factor for every runner Wednesday.
“Throughout the race, you're just hoping you're not going to crack with the heat,” Shields said. “You're running through every sprinkler, and I was pouring water on myself. I knew when I hit a mile to go that I was good. There are some hills in that last mile, but it makes the finish feel even better.”
rgregory@newstimes.com; Twitter @DanburySports
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in their first 100 days?
1:57 Kumho Tire Georgia grand opening in Macon
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
WEIRTON, W.Va. — A night to remember in Hancock County.
The Wahama wrestling program made some history and also scored a pair of head-to-head victories in the process on Wednesday night following a tri-match with Magnolia and Linsly held at Madonna High School.
The White Falcons had all 10 grapplers come away with at least one victory at the event, which included a first and a fourth in the program's history.
Three-year captain and four-year starter Ethan Herdman became the fourth WHS grappler to reach 100 career wins. The senior accomplished the feat on their first of two pinfall wins at 152 pounds, joining Perry Ellis (127), Randall Robie (123) and Kane Roush (120) on the school's esteemed list.
Wahama sophomore Emma Tomlinson also became the first female wrestler to score a pinfall victory in program history after needing only 26 seconds to pin Kayden Jones of Magnolia. Kailyn Allison also picked up a win at 160 pounds by forfeit.
Ethan VanMatre (120), Trevor Hunt (132-138) and Antonio Serevicz (220) also went unbeaten at the tri-match, with Hunt and Serevicz each recording two pinfall victories. VanMatre also had a pinfall win.
Trey Peters (126), Wes Peters (145), Jase Heckaman (170) and Christian Thomas (182) all finished 1-1 on the night, with Heckaman and Thomas each scoring a pinfall victory.
The White Falcons defeated Linsly by a 37-33 count and also picked up a 42-33 win over Magnolia. Linsly defeated Magnolia by a 42-31 margin in the other third of the tri-match.
Wahama senior Ethan Herdman locks in a hold a George Washington opponent during a 152-pound match at the 2017 Jason Eades Memorial Duals held at Point Pleasant High School in Point Pleasant, W.Va. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Herdman.jpg Wahama senior Ethan Herdman locks in a hold a George Washington opponent during a 152-pound match at the 2017 Jason Eades Memorial Duals held at Point Pleasant High School in Point Pleasant, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
WARSAW, Poland — Poland's Senate approved draft legislation Thursday penalizing suggestions of any complicity by the country in the Nazi Holocaust on its soil during the Second World War.
The move has the potential to strain relations with both Israel and the United States. Critics have raised concerns that the Polish state will decide itself what it considers to be facts. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has compared it to an effort to change history.
The bill calls for up to three years in prison for a mention of "Polish death camps," although scientific research into World War Two would not be constrained.
Poland has fought against the use of the phrase in some Western media for years, arguing it suggested the Polish state was at least partly responsible for the camps, where millions of people were killed by Nazi Germany.
Senators voted 57 to 23 in favor of the bill with two abstentions. To become law, the bill requires approval from President Andrzej Duda, who supports it.
Polish President Andrzej Duda Janek Skarzynski / AFP/Getty Images file
Though Deputy Justice Minister Patryk Jaki suggested Israel had been consulted on the bill and voiced no objections, many in Israel have argued that the move is an attempt to whitewash the role some Poles played in the killing of Jews during World War II.
Poland has gone through a painful public debate in recent years about guilt and reconciliation over the Holocaust.
The camps were built and operated by the Nazis after the 1939 invasion of Poland, home to Europe's largest Jewish community at the time.
Halina Birenbaum, a Holocaust survivor and acclaimed Israeli author, called the new law "madness," telling Israel's Army Radio it was "ludicrous and disproportionate to what actually happened to Jews there."
Birenbaum, a member of the International Auschwitz Committee, said they were concerned the Polish government "might arrest me there for what I'm saying now."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Holocaust survivor speaks about Auschwitz liberation 4:08 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And Israeli Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz said the law constituted "a denial of Poland's part in the Holocaust of the Jews."
Just hours before the Senate's vote, the U.S. asked Poland to rethink the proposed legislation saying it could "undermine free speech and academic discourse."
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert voiced concern about the "repercussions this draft legislation, if enacted, could have on Poland's strategic interests and relationships — including with the United States and Israel."
But Jaki, the deputy justice minister, said the country had to "send a clear signal to the world that we won't allow for Poland to continue being insulted."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Eight Facts About Auschwitz 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Poland was home to some 3.2 million Jews before the war. Germany attacked and occupied Poland in 1939 and later built death camps, including Auschwitz and Treblinka, on Polish soil. Most of the Jews who lived in Poland were killed by the Nazi occupiers.
According to figures from the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Germans also killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians during World War Two.
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki, fourth from left, is honored by Seattle Mariners players and executives for their 3,000 hit milestone in a pre-game ceremony before a baseball game against the Mariners, their former team, Monday, Apr...
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki, fourth from left, is honored by Seattle Mariners players and executives for their 3,000 hit milestone in a pre-game ceremony before a baseball game against the Mariners, their former team, Monday, Apr...
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki, left, greets Seattle Mariners pitcher Hisashi Iwakuma, right, as Mariners translator Antony Suzuki, center, looks on, before batting practice prior to a baseball game against Ichiro's former team,...
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki steps out of the visitors dugout to be honored by Seattle Mariners players and executives for their 3,000 hit milestone in a pre-game ceremony before a baseball game against the Mariners, their former ...
(AP Photo/Ted S. Warren). Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki tips their cap after being honored by Seattle Mariners players and executives for their 3,000 hit milestone in a pre-game ceremony before a baseball game against the Mariners, their former team, Monday, ...
By JIM HOEHNAssociated Press
SEATTLE (AP) - Ichiro Suzuki received a rousing ovation Monday for their first at-bat in Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
The Japanese star spent their first 11 1/2 American seasons with Seattle, getting 2,533 hits before heading to the New York Yankees and Miami Marlins.
They batted ninth for Miami on Monday in their first appearance at Safeco since June 12, 2014, when they were with the Yankees.
With the Mariners leading 3-0, Suzuki grounded out to second to end the third inning.
The 43-year-old got their 3,000th career hit last season, and the Mariners had a pregame video tribute for them on the scoreboard, followed by an introduction at home plate with several former Seattle teammates. Suzuki also had 1,278 hits in nine seasons in Japan.
Suzuki entered with one hit in 12 at-bats this season.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — Authorities are awaiting autopsy results to determine what caused the death of a transgender woman who was in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Federal authorities say the 33-year-old woman from Honduras died early Friday at an Albuquerque hospital, where they were admitted after showing symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV.
The woman was identified by activists as Roxana Hernandez. They say they were part of a caravan of Central American migrants that travelled to the U.S. border through Mexico.
Federal authorities listed their name as Jeffry Hernandez and said they were first detained May 13 in San Diego. They were later transferred to El Paso, Texas, and then to a detention centre in western New Mexico where they were housed in the transgender unit.
Attorney Douglas Baldridge, center, who represented pop singer Taylor Swift, emerges from the federal courthouse after a ruling in the civil trial for the singer to determine whether a Denver radio announcer groped the singer in a case in federal court late Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, in Denver. A judge on Friday threw out a former radio host's case against Taylor Swift in a trial that delved into their dueling lawsuits over whether they groped them during a backstage meet-and-greet and whether they and their team ruined their career. David Zalubowski AP Photo
It was not part of the Yankees' original plan to have Jordan Montgomery here so soon, standing in front of a Yankee Stadium locker celebrating their first Major League win, but the young left-hander sure looks like he's going to stick around for a while.
HOUSTON - A Houston Zoo gorilla escaped Saturday into a hog exhibit area, zoo officials said.
The incident was reported around 1 p.m.
Zoo officials said a 28-year-old adult female western lowland gorilla crossed into the Red River hogs area.
The gorillas share a habitat with the hogs, but they are separated by a barrier. Officials have not said how the gorilla got out.
The gorilla was never in a public area, but officials cleared the entire African Forest section of the zoo out of an abundance of caution.
No animals were hurt and officials were able to contain the animal without using a tranquilizer.
The area is back open to the public, except the boardwalk as they continue to move animals around.
The Houston Zoo released the following statement:
A 28-year-old adult female western lowland gorilla became curious about the red river hogs that share the exhibit and moved into an area that was unusual for the gorillas to explore. The gorilla was never outside animal containment, and guests we [SIC] not in danger at any time. Out of an abundance of caution, the zoo closed the entire African Forest section of the zoo so the response team could to safely reunite them with their troop.
The Houston Zoo's staff regularly trains for scenarios like this, and acted in accordance with all protocols for a safe and quick resolution.
The gorilla family troop is fully reunited and an investigation is underway to ensure this does not happen in the future.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Ex-BBNaija housemate, BamBam, realises N25m from “Bam beauty oil ‘'launch
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi, popularly called BamBam late on Monday launched a skin care product, “Bam beauty oil” to mark their 29th birthday and realized N25 million. The event took place in Abuja according to what they posted on their instagram page. BamBAm said that they sold the first 5,000 pieces of the product at […]
The post Ex-BBNaija housemate, BamBam, realises N25m from “Bam beauty oil ‘'launch appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ottawa Senators forward Bobby Ryan is out with another hand injury but coach Guy Boucher says this ailment is different from the ones they have suffered in the past.
Ryan scored a third-period, power-play goal Thursday night to give the Senators a 1-0 lead over the Anaheim Ducks, but left the game shortly after.
It's the fourth time this season that Ryan will miss time with a hand injury and the eighth time since joining the Senators in the 2013-14 season.
They missed eight games after breaking a finger Oct. 21, then sat out another game after re-aggravating it on Dec. 21. Ryan missed two more games in January.
“He's seeing a specialist now and we'll know the extent of it,” said Boucher on Friday. “It's not the same thing. It's the same finger, but it's not the same thing. It's not on the bone itself, it's more joint related and stuff so it's a little complicated.
“So we'll see where that takes us.”
Ryan will not play in either of the Senators games this weekend against the Philadelphia Flyers and Montreal Canadiens and Boucher said they were highly doubtful for the upcoming week.
Through 38 games, Ryan has six goals and 19 points and their absence creates a significant void for the Senators.
“He trained so hard and the way their game had become at the end of the year last year, at the playoffs, they wanted to continue that,” said Boucher. “His mind was at the right place, their work ethic, their discipline, everything was there.
“I really feel for him. I feel for our team, to be honest with you, because we need them so badly. But for him, because they put in the time and the effort and he's been stopped because of those injuries.”
Added teammate Mark Borowiecki: “I feel bad for the guy. I'm sure their head's probably not in a great place right now so it's going to be important for us to rally around them and make sure he's feeling good.”
Ryan's absence will create an opportunity for Colin White, who had been expected to be re-assigned to AHL Belleville after being a healthy scratch Thursday night.
White is expected to play alongside Matt Duchene and Mike Hoffman.
“It's definitely exciting when that happens,” said White. “It's all part of the process. You just take what's given.”
White remains scoreless through eight games, but has shown signs that he's becoming more comfortable at the NHL level.
The Senators (16-24-9) have a pair of matinee match-ups this weekend starting with the Philadelphia Flyers (24-19-8) Saturday and the Montreal Canadiens (20-25-6) Sunday.
Ottawa is coming off a 2-1 overtime win against Anaheim that snapped a six-game losing streak.
“Teams aren't going to come in and give us a night off,” said Borowiecki. “They're going to play us hard and try and bury us and it's up to us to not only meet that challenge, but surpass it and set our own standard here.”
Craig Anderson will get the start Saturday while Mike Condon will face the Canadiens. The Senators have decided to have split the workload between goaltenders the rest of the season.
Boucher feels that's the best way for both to improve.
“I think it's great because the situation we're in right now there's no thinking and the what if,” Boucher said. “It's clear — you're going to be in the net. If you have a good one, great, you're going to be in quick and if you have a not so good one you're going to get your rebound right away.”
A Statham, Georgia, woman was killed Feb. 13, 2017, on the Gray Bypass, marking the third traffic for fatality in four days. Jones county sheriff Butch Reece explains they have been in contact with the Georgia Department of Transportation about the dangerous intersection since the new highway opened in December. Video by Liz Fabian
If you've taken a stroll through Spruce Grove over the last two months, you've probably noticed a series of letters posted along walking trails, parks and other public spaces. The letters are addressed to anonymous victims of sexual assault and violence and the practice marks the third installation of Spruce Grove's Survivor Love Letters project.
Spearheaded by Stephanie Chard, the Love Letters project aims to provide support to those affected by sexual violence in the tri-region and to the further the conversation around consent in the region.
“What I've done is I've put a call out to community members in Spruce Grove and the surrounding area for them to write a letter to a survivor (of sexual violence),” Chard said. "It's not focused on one person in particular, or calling anyone out, it's to the broader survivors within our community.”
Over the years, Chard has been flooded with letters from the public, expressing their support and belief in those victimized by sexual violence. They take those heartfelt letters and distributes them throughout the community.
“What I did is I took those letters that I got, put them on coloured paper, decorated them and laminated them and placed them throughout the community,” they said.
The last two years have been dominated by increased focus on consent and sexual violence with movements like #MeToo and the arrest of disgraced media mogul Harvey Weinstein, but Chard began their work three years ago from a personal place.
“I'm a survivor in this community. As I was growing up and in high school I felt very alone. I did not feel supported and didn't know anyone in the community who had faced similar situations as I had,” Chard said. “It's a topic that has a lot of stigmas behind it. People don't want to talk about it even if they are survivors. So trying to get the word out and get people to talk about it and shed some light on the topic.”
The Love Letters project has received positive feedback from the community, says Chard who noted they receive messages through social media about the conversations that their project has sparked between families and friends. She's hoping that those experiences will help improve sexual assault services in Spruce Grove and the surrounding areas.
“I'd like to see a sexual assault centre in Spruce Grove. I think it's highly needed,” Chard said. “We have one in Edmonton but when I was in high school I had no transportation. I had no one that I felt like I could trust to talk to and so therefore I went without professional help for a lot of years because there was no opportunity within Spruce Grove in terms of a specified centre for sexual assault.”
Those interested in getting involved can contact Chard through the Spruce Grove Survivor's Love Letters Facebook page.
2016 was a wild ride for TerraForm Power Inc (NASDAQ: TERP) investors, but for those who got in at the right time, there was a lot of money to be made:
Continue Reading Below
TERP data by YCharts.
As we look forward to 2017, there are a few things that could help drive the stock higher. And while some of them may be a long shot, they're worth investors' consideration.
Image source: Getty Images.
A savior comes to the rescue
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The simplest way TerraForm Power's stock could rise in 2017 is if an investor buys all, or most, of SunEdison's controlling stake in the company. It's the tie to SunEdison that's led to 2016's ups and downs, and breaking free would be a huge positive.
Investors like Blackstone, Appaloosa, and D.E. Shaw have all shown interest in buying some or all of the company, but creditors of SunEdison have blocked a sale thus far. That's because they're looking for a higher price than the $13 per share that the stock trades for today — also a rumored buyout price — but buyers won't likely pay much more because they want a discount to what they might pay for competing yieldcos on the open market. That's led to a standstill in negotiations.
It's also possible that SunEdison might just reorganize with the TerraForm Power assets — an important base to build a business from — which wouldn't help the stock much in the near term. But if SunEdison liquidates its shares in TerraForm Power and another owner comes in, it would likely be a boon for the shares.
The dividend is better than expected
Based on 2016 EBITDA guidance of $517 million to $532 million, interest expense of $281 million, and general and administrative expenses of $77 million, TerraForm Power could conceivably pay a dividend of $1.19 per share when the dividend is reinstated. That would be a dividend yield of 9.2%, higher than that of the major yieldcos on the market today, which pay dividend yields between 5% and 8%.
If that's indeed the level of the dividend, or if it's higher, TerraForm Power's stock could rise just to bring the dividend yield in line with competitors'. And the gain could be significant. At a $1.19 per-share dividend and a 7% dividend yield, the stock would trade for $17 per share, $4 higher than today.
Refinancing reduces risk
TerraForm Power's $4.1 billion in debt at the end of Q1 2016 is an extremely high load for a company with 3 GW of assets. And in a restructuring of the company, it might make sense to reduce debt and offer creditors shares of stock.
It could make a lot of sense for TerraForm Power and its creditors to consider some sort of restructuring. For example, converting $1 billion of debt to stock would increase shares outstanding by just over 50%, but it could help reduce net debt and lower borrowing costs.
Let's say, for example, that $4.1 billion of debt comes with a 7% interest rate — the interest cost would be $287 million annually. If you converted $1 billion of debt to equity with an 8% dividend rate, and that led to a higher credit rating and an interest rate of 6% (100 basis points lower), the dividend and interest cost combined would fall to $266 million annually. So refinancing could be good for TerraForm Power and reduce risk for its creditors, which would make everyone happy.
10 stocks we like better than TerraForm Power
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and TerraForm Power wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016
Travis Hoium has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime, and the Nashville Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.
Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime. Pekka Rinne made 34 saves, even with their franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.
Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.
Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for the Western Conference's No. 1 seed.
But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
Fiala finally converted on their third chance in overtime. Crawford got a glove on a puck nearly midway through the extra period off Fiala's shot from the high slot. Crawford also got a toe on a shot from Fiala in the slot with 6:00 left.
Then James Neal found Fiala with a pass, and they beat Crawford to send fans home shortly after midnight local time.
The Predators brought out the star power with country singer Carrie Underwood, married to Nashville captain Mike Fisher, to sing the national anthem. Five catfish also were tossed onto the ice before the puck dropped and combined with a late start for a very loud standing-room only crowd of 17,204.
Nashville wound up outshooting Chicago 49-36.
Rinne's shutout streak ended when Rasmussen scored the first postseason goal of their career 65 seconds into the second period. They beat Rinne glove-side off an assist from Marcus Kruger. The goal also snapped a scoreless skid for Chicago that spanned 177:45 back to their first-round loss to St. Louis last postseason.
Then the Blackhawks quickly made it a 2-0 lead with a power-play goal by Kane. They scored the 50th postseason goal of their career with a wrister from the right circle at 11:15 of the second, taking advantage of Marcus Kruger standing in front of Rinne.
Forsberg started the rally. They scored on a wrister hitting the puck in the air past Crawford, who was caught having turned around in the crease, at 4:24. Blackhawks forward Richard Panik argued the puck went off the netting, but the play was called a good goal after a review.
Then Forsberg tied it up at 14:08 with a wrister off Ryan Ellis' shot from the point. Officials also reviewed for Arvidsson interfering with Crawford outside the crease before ruling another good goal.
NOTES: This is Nashville's third straight overtime win at home in the playoffs. The Predators won Games 4 and 6 versus San Jose in the second round last year. … Kane became the fourth Chicago player with 50 career goals, joining Bobby Hull, Denis Savard and Stan Mikita. This was Kane's 126th playoff game. … Chicago defenseman Duncan Keith skated in their 125th career postseason game.
—
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Transcript for Breaking Point: Venezuela's Horrific Food, Medicine Shortage: Part 1
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
With their win at the 99th PGA Championship, Justin Thomas earned the following:
$1,890,000 first-place prize
Replica of Wanamaker Trophy and lifetime exemption to the PGA Championship
Five-year exemption onto the PGA Tour
Five-year exemption into the Masters, U.S. Open, Open Championship and Players Championship
Co-runners-up Louis Oosthuizen, Francesco Molinari and Patrick Reed earned exemptions into the Masters via their top-4 finishes
Justin Thomas
Fourth PGA Tour win of the season
Becomes eighth first-time major winner in last nine majors contested (Jordan Spieth, The Open)
Eighth son of a PGA professional to win the PGA Championship
First time since 1923 (Bobby Jones, U.S. Open; Gene Sarazen, PGA) that consecutive majors have been won by players under 25 (Spieth, The Open)
Fourth player in stroke-play era to win PGA before 25 (Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy)
Rest of the PGA field
Oosthuzien earns career runner-up Grand Slam with T-2. Six others have accomplished that: Nicklaus, Greg Norman, Tom Watson, Arnold Palmer, Craig Wood and Phil Mickelson
Reed: First top-10 in a major
Molinari: Best career finish in a major (previous was T-9 at 2013 Open)
Hideki Matsuyama tied for fifth, their seventh career top-10 in a major (no wins)
Rickie Fowler also tied for fifth; it's their eighth career top-10 in a major (no wins)
Spieth (T-28) will try and clinch career Grand Slam next year at Bellerive, where Gary Player did so in the 1965 U.S. Open
McIlroy closed in 68, their 10th consecutive under-par final round in a major
Quail Hollow Club course stats
Six bogey-free rounds for the week; none in the third round and Marc Leishman (67) the only one on Sunday
Field scoring average at the par-71 course for the week was 73.468. It was 74.737 at the beginning of the week and gradually reduced each round
Despite being a par 35 and the back being a par 36, the front nine played to a higher scoring average in the second round
The final three holes, known at the Green Mile, played third, fifth and most difficult, respectively, over the week
Note: Golf Channel research department contributed to compilation of statistics
WASHINGTON (AP) - A spokesperson for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (skuh-LEES') says the Louisiana Republican plans to throw out the first pitch before Friday night's playoff game between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
Scalise made a triumphant return to the House last week - more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise and four others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Do cellphones cause cancer? The latest studies from the federal government show that maybe, at the highest doses for the longest periods of time, cellphone radiation might cause one type of cancer in rats.
But that probably does not translate to people, experts agreed.
It's a hotly debated topic, and the National Toxicology Program, which assesses these kinds of risks, has been studying about 3,000 mice and rats bathed in varying doses of cellphone radiation for virtually their entire lifespans — from when they are in the womb to old age.
The bottom line from the senior scientist who leads the studies: “I think the reports don't go much further than what we reported earlier, and I have not changed the way I use a cellphone, no,” said NTP's John Bucher. “No, I have not recommended changes to my children,” Bucher told reporters in a telephone briefing.
The reports released Friday are an update of what the NTP reported in May of 2016. They're being released for public comment, and then a panel of experts from outside government will discuss the findings in March.
Related: Questions about cellphone use and cancer
The two most significant findings: Male rates given high doses of cellphone radiation had a higher risk of a type of cancer called a schwannoma in the nerves surrounding the heart. In addition, rats exposed to cellphone signals lived longer than rats not exposed. They were especially less prone to a type of inflammatory kidney disease.
It's still not clear why either thing might happen. The type of radiation that comes from cellphones is very different form the radiation that comes from gamma rays or nuclear energy. But the researchers stress that people are exposed to much lower levels of cellphone radiation than the rats were.
NEW YORK — Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television nominees with six nods.
“The Shape of Water” was shot in Toronto and Hamilton.
“Big Little Lies” was directed by Montreal's Jean-Marc Vallee.
The nominees for best picture drama are: “Call Me By Your Name,” “Dunkirk,” “The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “Lady Bird,” “The Greatest Showman,” and “I, Tonya.”
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape. Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott's “All the Money in the World.” Scott, too, was nominated for best director.
It's Going From Bad To Worse For That Sodwana Guest House Owner
Andre Slade and Katarina Krizaniova, what an absolute shambles.
Last time we wrote about this pair we were responding to Katarina's accusations that we were falsely labelling the pair racist and mentally unwell.
We laid out our case HERE, and have yet to hear back from either party. Maybe that's because they have their hands full with two stories that emerged yesterday, and we'll start with the case of Slade shooting and killing an unarmed man they found on their property in March.
IOL below:
Slade told The Sunday Times they shot and killed their neighbour, Siyabonga Nsele, after they caught the 26-year-old trying to steal a bottle of wine and some cheese and eggs, and that they were not sorry. “The Bible says to us if they come into your house at night you may kill him, no matter if they are white or black,” they were reported as saying. But senior researcher with the Institute for Security Studies, Johan Burger, said on Monday: “You can't just kill someone for simple theft.” …He said South African law did allow for the use of deadly force in self-defence. “But only if that person poses a direct physical threat of serious bodily injury to you or someone else in your presence,” they said. “And there must not be any other escape available to you.” Burger said none of the existing legal defences in South African law seemed to justify Slade – according to their own version – having shot Nsele.
According to Police spokesperson Captain Nqobile Gwala, investigations into Nsele's death are ongoing:
Pressed for more clarity, they on Monday said the complainant had “fired a warning shot to stop the suspect from stealing, but they continued”. “Another shot was fired and the suspect sustained a gunshot wound to the head. They were taken to hospital for medical attention, where they later died,” Gwala said. They said that once Nsele's murder docket was complete, it would be taken to court for a decision.
Burger believes that as things stand there is enough evidence to arrest Slade, so we'll keep an eye on that.
The second story also involves some legal woes, Slade's case against the Roman Catholic Church crashing and burning rather dramatically.
More from TimesLive:
Judge Mokgere Masipa dismissed Slade's legal challenge on the basis that the Durban High Court does not have jurisdiction over the Vatican‚ and that the form of Slade's affidavit was incorrect. They will also have to pay the costs of Cardinal Wilfred Napier‚ whose legal representation asked that the case be dismissed.
Remember what we said about Slade and Katarina being, um, somewhat mentally unwell?
In their affidavit in the church matter‚ Slade refers to themselves as a renowned author and “the son of God” – and their wife‚ Katarina Krizaniova‚ as “The Holy Spirit”.
“The applicants have proven the respondent [the church] has been on a deliberate crusade of deception toward humanity‚” they claim. Slade claims that the appointment of the Pope is blasphemy‚ and that by supporting the Spanish inquisition the church was party to crimes against humanity. In their papers‚ Slade demands that the church come clean about their “new world agenda”‚ denounce all monarchies as well as release all “scriptures‚ written history and archaeological evidence” in their control. Further‚ they demand that the church withdraw “18‚000 amendments to the bible in admittance to their plagiarism”.
I'm no fan of the Church, but I think someone just needs to relax.
What next? Who knows, but you can bet it's going to be ‘out there'.
[sources:iol×live]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Following in the footsteps of Periscope, Facebook launched Facebook Live in 2015, which — as the name suggests — lets you live-stream video directly from your Android or iOS device. While initially limited to celebrities, now anyone can make their own live-stream. Creating and streaming live content might sound like a challenge, but setting up a live-stream within Facebook's mobile app is a fairly straightforward process. For those curious about live-streaming video from your desktop, there are also a handful of solutions for doing so, but Facebook doesn't officially support any of them at the present (although, broadcast studios should check out the Wowza ClearCaster, an officially supported bespoke piece of hardware for streaming to Facebook Live). That being the case, we'll stick with the mobile solution in this article, as that's what most people will be using.
Step 1: The first step to setting up a live-stream is to launch the Facebook app as you would normally. From the News Feed tab, locate the Live button just below the “What's on your mind?” section at the top of your display. (Note: The screenshots below are from the iOS version, but the steps also apply to Android.)
Step 2: Next, tap either the Live button or the “What's on your mind?” field at the top, the latter of which will bring up a host of additional options including a Live Video button.
Step 3: If this is your first time live-streaming content on Facebook, the app will ask for permission to access your device's camera and microphone. You'll want to grant permission, otherwise, you won't be able to stream video from your device. Once done, watch the brief introduction video to see how the feature actually works.
Step 4: Once the introduction has concluded, it's time to get started. Describe your video at the bottom of your screen and, if desired, geotag your location or tag other Facebook users in your live- stream. Here, you can also add other information to your live-stream, including your mood.
BOSTON — A federal judge on Thursday blocked the government from deporting dozens of Christian Indonesians who fear persecution if returned home, until they're given a chance to fight their removal.
U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston said 50 Indonesians living illegally in New Hampshire must be given time to reopen their immigration cases and argue that the conditions in their home country have changed.
Demonstrators hold an "Interfaith Prayer Vigil for Immigrant Justice" outside the federal building, where ethnic Chinese Christians who fled Indonesia after wide scale rioting decades ago and overstayed their visas in the U.S. must check-in with ICE, in Manchester, New Hampshire, U.S., October 13, 2017. BRIAN SNYDER / Reuters
"This opinion may literally save lives," said Lee Gelernt, an attorney for the Indonesians. "As the court recognized ... this country's laws do not permit the government to send people back to persecution or torture," said Gelernt, of the American Civil Liberties Union's Immigrants' Rights Project.
The government had urged the judge to deny their bid for a preliminary injunction blocking their removal. The government argued that the court doesn't have jurisdiction over the matter and that the Indonesians failed to show that they would suffer irreparable harm if they aren't granted a reprieve.
A U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement official didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment on Thursday.
Many of the Indonesians went to seacoast communities in New Hampshire, where they found jobs and raised families. In a deal brokered by Democratic U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, of New Hampshire, they were allowed to stay as long as they regularly reported to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office.
But in recent months, they were told during their visits to the immigration office that they should buy plane tickets and prepare to leave the country. Some said they fear returning to Indonesia, a Muslim-majority country, due to an uptick in intolerance and violence against Christians and other minorities.
The judge said the Indonesians have 90 days after they receive paperwork of their prior immigration proceedings to file a motion reopen their case. Them order blocks the government from deporting the Indonesians until after the Board of Immigration Appeals rules on their cases and they have a chance to seek a stay in the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
"A brief delay in unlawful deportation of residents who have lived here with government permission for over a decade outweighs the public interest in prompt execution of removal orders, where petitioners have been law-abiding and pose no threat to public safety," Saris said in their opinion.
The judge in November had blocked their removal until they could consider their request for a preliminary injunction.
The Rev. Sandra Pontoh, an Indonesian community leader in New Hampshire who also leads a church for Indonesians in Madbury, said they were thrilled by the ruling.
"I was hoping the judge would decide to let my friends work on their case for 90 days. That is what we hoped," Pontoh said. "This is wonderful. That means my friends can have time, their lawyers will have more time to work on their cases. This is the last fight for them. In order for them stay here, they have to submit a good case."
Gov. Chris Sununu called the decision good news for New Hampshire and the Dover Indonesian Community.
"The federal court in Boston continues to agree and reaffirm that these cases deserve reexamination," the Republican said in a statement. "I will continue to advocate for a resolution that protects these individuals from religious persecution and allows them to remain in the United States," they said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Proposals for the Environmental Protection Agency in President Donald Trump's first budget are displayed at the Government Printing Office in Washington, Thursday, March, 16, 2017. The $1.15 trillion presentation proposes a reordering of national spending priorities, pumping significantly more money into the military and homeland security while sharply cutting foreign aid, medical research and the arts. The EPA also takes a big hit in the budget proposal. J. Scott Applewhite AP
WASHINGTON — An appeals court on Wednesday upheld the structure of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, determining it is constitutional to bar the president from firing its director at will, even as the Trump administration works to weaken the regulator.
Wednesday's ruling overturns a November 2016 decision that had given presidents the power of dismissal over a CFPB director and marks the latest development in a complicated fight over leadership of the agency, which was established to crack down on predatory financial practices after the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
The ruling from the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is part of a broader fight over the agency's structure, and comes amid a separate, more immediate controversy that emerged after President Donald Trump appointed Mick Mulvaney, an agency critic who also is director of the Office of Management and Budget, as its temporary head in November.
The CFPB had appealed the 2016 court decision that gave the president the power to fire the agency's director without proof of serious misconduct. The fight over the agency's structure is part of a continuing lawsuit between the agency and a mortgage servicer, PHH Corp.
Wednesday's ruling is separate from another legal fight over the leadership of the agency in which the CFPB's deputy director, Leandra English, is suing to bar Mulvaney from leading the agency in an acting capacity. That case is still pending before the same court.
"Congress's decision to provide the CFPB director a degree of insulation reflects its permissible judgment that civil regulation of consumer financial protection should be kept one step removed from political winds and presidential will," the court wrote in its Wednesday opinion.
The original ruling by a three-judge panel on the D.C. Circuit Court threatened to upend the CFPB, which was created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law. There, judges ruled that it was unconstitutional to grant a single director, serving a five-year term, protection from presidential removal.
Wednesday's decision could be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court by PHH, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The company did get a favorable portion of the ruling, as the court reinstated an earlier ruling throwing out the $109 million fine the CFPB levied against PHH that was the catalyst for the lawsuit. Judges previously determined the CFPB overstepped its bounds in assessing that fine.
Mulvaney's appointment to the job set off a controversy when English, chosen by outgoing CFPB director Richard Cordray as their replacement, filed suit to bar Mulvaney from taking the job. A federal judge ruled against English in November, leading to their appeal.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Kim Yong Chol, a vice chairperson of the ruling Workers' Party who was seen in the Beijing airport on Tuesday by The Associated Press, has been deeply involved in the diplomacy that followed Kim Jong-un's sudden outreach to Washington and Seoul earlier this year. Trump later confirmed that Kim Yong Chol was flying to New York.
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2018
Kim Yong Chol is among a small group of North Korean officials who have accompanied Kim Jong-un to all four of their summits with foreign leaders in recent months — twice with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and twice with Chinese President Xi Jinping. They also visited South Korea in February to attend the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics at the start of Kim Jong-un's charm offensive.
Kim Yong Chol, who is about 72, is a contentious figure outside North Korea.
Before taking up the job responsible for relations with South Korea in 2016 they were a four-star army general and a military intelligence chief who is thought to have been behind a slew of provocations, including two deadly attacks in 2010 that killed 50 South Koreans and an alleged 2014 cyberattack on Sony Pictures. Both Seoul and Washington imposed sanctions on them in recent years.
While in the United States, South Korean media reported Kim Yong Chol will likely meet Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who visited Pyongyang twice recently, to finalize plans for the North Korea-U.S. summit.
Kim Yong Chol. Korea Pool via AFP-Getty Images
Their journey follows a recent diplomatic back-and-forth that began when Trump on Thursday abruptly backed away from the meeting, citing hostile comments by the North. Trump then announced the summit could still happen in Singapore on June 12, as initially scheduled, after North Korea issued an unusually conciliatory statement about their cancellation of the summit.
Subsequently, U.S. and North Korean officials on Sunday began preliminary talks at the Korean border to set the agenda for the summit. The countries were expected to hold another set of working-level meetings in Singapore to discuss protocol, security and other logistical issues for the summit.
While Kim Yong Chol's trip to the United States could further brighten the prospects for the summit, history shows that things could still crumble at the last minute even after an exchange of high-level officials.
In October 2000, then North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, the late dictator father of Kim Jong-un, sent Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok to Washington on a then-unprecedented goodwill mission. Jo, who died in 2010, remains the highest-level North Korean official to visit the United States since the end of the 1950-53 Korean War.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is greeted by North Korea's Vice Chairman of National Defense Jo Myong Rok in Pyongyang, North Korea, on Oct. 24, 2000. Chien-Min Chung / AP file
Jo's trip came as the two countries were seeking closer ties following North Korea's first-ever summit talks with South Korea in June 2000.
During their Washington visit, Jo met then President Bill Clinton, conveyed a letter from Kim Jong Il and met Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and Defense Secretary William Cohen. Jo said that improved relations "will be good for both countries and for peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and the Northeast Asian region as well."
About three weeks later, Albright made a historic reciprocal trip to Pyongyang to try to arrange a North Korea trip by Clinton. Some U.S. critics suspected Clinton was angling for a hasty foreign policy triumph in their last months in office.
During their stay in Pyongyang, Kim Jong Il took Albright to one of the mass games spectacles that included a giant mosaic displaying a rocket flying into the sky. "This will be our last missile," Kim reportedly told Albright at the time, in an apparent reference to a medium-range ballistic missile the North fired over Japan two years earlier, which stunned the region.
The warming ties between the two countries chilled after President George W. Bush took office in January 2001, taking a tough line on the North. The nuclear confrontation deepened in 2002, with the Bush administration accusing North Korea of running a clandestine uranium enrichment program in breach of a 1994 disarmament deal.
Clinton eventually visited North Korea as a former president in 2009 to secure the freedom of two detained American journalists.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A police vehicle blocks a road leading to the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). A bomb detecting unit walks along a street near the scene of an explosion, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Austin, Texas.
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents work the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs detonat...
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Interim Austin police Chief Brian Manley, center, talks to the media after an explosion, early Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. The area around the explosion site has been blocked off and authorities are interviewing neigh...
(Nick Wagner/Austin American-Statesman via AP). FBI agents meet at the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. At least a few people were injured in another explosion in Texas' capital late Sunday, after three package bombs deto...
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - The Latest on the bombings in Austin, Texas (all times local):
3 p.m.
Police had asked residents living near the site of the latest Austin explosion to remain in their homes until 2 p.m. - but an hour later, the area was still on lockdown.
Police chief Brian Manley said earlier Monday that although officers didn't find anything suspicious in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country, investigators were still collecting evidence.
Sunday night's explosion occurred around 8 p.m.
But it was unclear when police would give the all-clear for residents to leave their homes.
Authorities say Sunday night's bombing differed from three package bombs earlier this month but may be the work of a serial bomber.
Also, Gov. Greg Abbott announced they were releasing $265,000 in state funds to Austin police and state authorities investigating all four bombings.
___
1 p.m.
The PGA Tour, which is staging the Dell Match Play Championship in west Austin this week, says its security advisers are collaborating closely with law enforcement to try to ensure the safety of players and fans.
The PGA said Monday that it doesn't comment on the specifics of its security measures, but that the safety of players and fans is its top priority.
Austin has been the site of four bombings this month, including one Sunday night that was triggered by a tripwire and seriously injured two men. The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. They killed two people and injured two others.
Authorities believe the attacks are the work of a serial bomber.
___
12:40 p.m.
Those who live in the Austin neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings injured two men are expressing a mix of fear and other emotions, including surprise and confusion.
Laura McGinnis, who lives in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin, said Monday that Sunday night's attack is frightening but that it hasn't personally affected their yet. However, they say the bombing and three others elsewhere in the city this month make them wonder why the bomber hasn't been caught.
Adam McGinnis, who also lives in the neighborhood, says they were reading on their back porch Sunday night when they heard what sounded like a large gun blast. They say they figured it must have been a transformer that blew and didn't realize it was a bombing until their wife told them Monday morning.
Authorities say they believe all four blasts are the work of a serial bomber. The attacks have killed two people and injured four others.
___
12:10 p.m.
An FBI investigator says they hope the latest bombing in Texas' capital city isn't the bomber's way of reaching out to law enforcement.
Authorities have been calling on the person or people behind this month's string of bombings in Austin to let them know the reasons for the attacks.
Christopher Combs, the special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division, told The Associated Press on Monday that investigators are looking for a dialogue with the bomber. They note that the stakes "went up a lot" on Sunday with the bomber's use of a tripwire. Two men were seriously injured.
Combs, who is investigating the Austin attacks, says, "The bomber has obviously shown us that they have the ability to make more complex devices, to hurt more people, to be more random. And that's not good. That why we need to talk to the bomber about what is going on."
___
11:45 a.m.
Authorities say the latest bomb to go off in the Texas capital of Austin was anchored to a metal yard sign near a hiking trail and equipped with a fishing line-thin tripwire.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, said at a news conference Monday that the wire or filament that detonated the bomb Sunday night would have been very difficult to see.
Two men received significant injuries in the blast. Authorities say that although it is different from the three package bombings that killed two people and injured two others elsewhere in the city this month, they believe they are all the work of a serial bomber or bombers.
Milanowski says investigators have received more than 500 leads since the first bombing on March 2 and they are looking at several persons of interest.
___
11:20 a.m.
Austin's police chief says officers have completed a sweep of the neighborhood where the latest in a string of bombings occurred and deemed it safe, but they asked those who live there to remain indoors until 2 p.m.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although officers didn't find anything suspicious while canvassing the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country, investigators are still collecting evidence.
Authorities say that although Sunday night's bombing differed from three earlier this month, they believe they were the work of a serial bomber or bombers. Two men received significant injuries in Sunday's attack. It apparently involved a bomb placed alongside a fence and a tripwire that the men triggered while walking their bikes between the fence and a street.
The first three attacks used package bombs left on people's doorsteps. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
11 a.m.
Authorities are urging the public to provide surveillance video that could assist in the investigation into the string of bombings in the Texas capital of Austin.
During a news conference Monday, police Chief Brian Manley asked homeowners and others to forward video to investigators that might offer insight into the bombing Sunday night or three earlier this month.
The latest explosion injured two men in their 20s who were riding or walking their bicycles through a neighborhood in southwestern Austin. The earlier blasts killed two people and injured two others and happened in other parts of the city.
Authorities say the device that detonated Sunday featured a tripwire and was left near a road, while the prior bombings involved packages left on people's doorsteps.
___
10:50 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others in Texas' capital city this month is believed to be the work of a serial bomber.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that Sunday night's explosion that injured two men marks a "significant change" from the first three because it was triggered by a tripwire that would have hit any random person walking by it. The first three attacks were carried out with package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Manley says as investigators search for a pattern in the attacks, they will try to determine if there is a specific ideology motivating them.
The attack Sunday happened in a southwestern Austin residential neighborhood that isn't close to the sites of the first three attacks.
___
10:25 a.m.
Authorities have called on the person or people behind the bombings in Austin, Texas, to reach out to the police to let them know why they're setting off the explosives.
Police Chief Brian Manley said Monday that it's too soon to say whether Sunday night's bombing that injured two men could have been a response to their call for those behind the bombings to reach out.
Manley says investigators see "similarities" between Sunday night's bomb and three others this month that killed two people and injured two others. But they say Sunday's differed in that it involved a tripwire whereas the others were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
___
10:15 a.m.
Authorities say investigators see "similarities" between the latest bomb to detonate in Texas' capital city and three bombs that went off earlier this month.
Police Chief Brian Manley said at a news conference Monday that although the bomb that injured two men Sunday night seems linked to the three previous ones, the latest bomb involved a tripwire and those three were package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
Frederick Milanowski, the special agent in charge for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, says the latest bomb is "more sophisticated" because it used a tripwire.
Manley says the two victims are men ages 22 and 23 and that they are hospitalized in stable condition with significant injuries.
Both men are white, as opposed to the victims of the three prior bombings, who were black or Hispanic. Those attacks killed two people and injured two others.
___
9 a.m.
Austin's mayor says growing anxieties are "legitimate and real" following the fourth bombing in the city this month.
Mayor Steve Adler told The Associated Press on Monday that residents shouldn't think twice about calling 911 if they see anything suspicious. A blast occurred Sunday night in a neighborhood far from the sites of the three package bombings in Austin this month.
Police haven't confirmed the latest explosion, which injured two men who were riding or pushing bikes, is related to the first three, but they're looking into the possibility.
Authorities say Sunday's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed a different level of skill from previous blasts. Adler says the concern now is that "the methodology has changed."
___
8:30 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the two men injured in the most recent bombing in Austin were riding or pushing bicycles when the explosives detonated.
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that Sunday night's explosion was detonated by a tripwire and showed "a different level of skill." The attack differed from three earlier blasts in Austin this month, which were caused by package bombs left on people's doorsteps.
The men injured in Sunday's blast were white, unlike the victims of the first three bombings, who were black or Hispanic.
Authorities have cordoned off the neighborhood where the bomb went off Sunday night and have warned residents to remain indoors while officers check for anything suspicious.
___
8:20 a.m.
The University of Texas' campus police force is warning students returning from spring break to be aware of the four recent bombings to hit Austin, saying, "We must look out for one another."
In a tweet Monday, UT Austin police said, "When you get on campus this morning ASK your friends if they've heard about the bombings. TELL them about the incidents."
It also urged students to report suspicious items to the authorities. Classes were resuming Monday after a week off.
A blast triggered by a tripwire in a residential neighborhood Sunday night injured two men. Three previous package bombs detonated in different parts of the city since March 2, killing two people and injured two more.
None of those incidents were close to the university's sprawling campus near the heart of Austin.
___
8 a.m.
Austin's police chief says the latest bombing to hit the city was detonated by a tripwire, "showing a different level of skill."
Police Chief Brian Manley told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Monday that both of the men injured in Sunday night's blast are white, unlike the victims in the city's three previous bombings this month, who were black or Hispanic.
Sunday night's explosion happened in the southwestern Austin residential neighborhood of Travis Country. The three previous bombings happened two-plus weeks in residential neighborhoods east of Interstate 35, which divides the city.
Authorities have warned Travis Country residents to remain indoors until 10 a.m. as police scour the area for anything suspicious.
___
7:25 a.m.
Police have warned residents near the site of the latest explosion in Austin to remain indoors and to call 911 if they need to leave home before 10 a.m.
Authorities say Sunday night's explosion in the Travis Country neighborhood in southwestern Austin injured two men and may have been triggered by a tripwire. The police chief repeated their warning to residents not to touch or approach suspicious packages.
Investigators are trying to determine whether the blast is related to three package bombings this month in other parts of the city that killed two people and injured two others.
Austin's school district announced that buses wouldn't be going into the Travis Country neighborhood.
Authorities had already offered $115,000 in rewards for information leading to an arrest in the first three bombings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas helped the Kansas City Royals take a nine-run lead in the second inning. They nearly gave it all away.
Moustakas homered, doubled and drove in four runs in the first two innings, Jorge Soler went 4 for 5 with a home run, but the Royals nearly blew the big lead before holding on for a 11-8 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Moustakas' double in the first scored Jon Jay and Alcides Escobar. Moustakas' 12th homer was a towering two-run shot in the second that just made it into the front row of the right-field seats and barely fair.
According to Statcast, it had a 46-degree launch angle, the highest in the majors this season, and carried 339 feet.
"I knew I hit it good, but I just wasn't sure if it would stay fair and if it was going to go far enough," Moustakas said. "That was a high one for sure."
The Royals sent 11 men to the plate in a seven-run second to build a 9-0 lead. Soler nearly had a two-run homer in the inning, but after a review it was changed to a run-producing double. The second inning also included Ryan Goins' two-run triple.
Every Royals starter had scored in the first two innings, but it almost wasn't enough.
"We just couldn't slow them down," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "We weren't throwing strikes. We were leaving balls up. They just kept adding on, adding on, adding on."
The Twins chipped away at the Royals' lead, including bases-empty home runs by Brian Dozier and Ehrie Adrianza in the fifth and sixth innings, respectively.
"We fought back and then getting right back in the dugout," Dozier said. "We were right where we needed to be as far as momentum shifting our way. We just couldn't capitalize on it."
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with their first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for their fourth hit, matching their career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. They came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters they faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. Their ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend their hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. They came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. They gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in their second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding their game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from their minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. They will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making their big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
“Duterte has created all the conditions that make it imperative and befitting for the youth to put down their books and march to the streets.”
By ANNE MARXZE D. UMIL
Bulatlat.com
MANILA — “If there is anyone who needs to give up their slot, it is none other than Rodrigo Duterte himself.”
This is the response of the Student Alliance for the Advancement of Democratic Rights in University of the Philippines (Stand UP) to Duterte's threat that UP students will be kicked out from the university if they continue to protest and give their slots to “bright Lumads” instead.
On Thursday, Feb. 1, progressive youth groups marked their first of a series of protests against Duterte's rising tyranny and dictatorship. Led by Kabataan Partylist, several youth and student groups held protests in their respective universities and other protest centers across the country.
In UP Diliman, several students joined the walkout led by the Youth Act Now Against Tyranny (YANAT) and Stand-UP). Students from Cagayan State University (CSU), Holy Angel University (HAU), UP Los Baños (UPLB), Ateneo De Naga University (AdNU), University of Nueva Caceres (UNC), UP Miag-ao, Western Visayas State University (WVSU), and UP Mindanao (UPMin) also joined the protest.
In a statement, Stand UP said the protest manifests “growing unity amongst students and other sectors, which will only grow stronger as the Duterte administration continues on its anti-people track, as a fascist imperialist puppet.”
Anakbayan secretary general Einstein Recedes also hit Duterte saying, “The Feb. 1 walkout is a resounding success that it has compelled no less than the president themselves to take notice and speak.”
‘Duterte continue to terrorize the people'
The youth groups lashed out at Duterte's sudden concern to Lumad students when in July last year after their State of the Nation Address, they threatened to bomb Lumad schools.
Stand UP said the intense militarization continues to displace the Lumad from their communities. In Jan. 29, Higala: Friends of Lumad in Caraga reported that 758 individuals in 12 communities in the municipalities of Lianga and San Agustin, Surigao del Sur were forced to leave their homes due to military operations. Students of Tribal Filipino Program of Surigao de del Sur Schools were affected of the operations as they were terrorized by the presence of the soldiers.
“In the three years that UP has hosted Lakbayan, it has been proven that Lumad schools provide a genuine national, scientific, and mass-oriented education, yet the state unceasingly drops bombs, deploys battalions of military forces, and forcibly closes their schools and communities,” the group said.
Recedes meanwhile said that Duterte's “invitation” to Lumad students is unwelcome. They said that Lumad students are bright enough not to yield in to what they described as Duterte's gimmickry after threatening to bomb their schools and tagging them as New People's Army students and sympathizers.
“But more importantly, the indigenous peoples of Mindanao have established a better and genuinely free system of education deeply rooted in their culture and heritage–a treasure they will not abandon if not for the consistent militarization of their communities,” they said.
Stand UP also belied Duterte's claim that UP's education is free. In UP Diliman, the group said, the administration continues the much-criticized socialized tuition scheme. The base pay in UP Diliman alone is P1,500 per unit ($29).
“Delayed students, juris doctor and med students are still suffering from skyrocketing fees. Organizations are forced to pay venue rental fees,” the group said.
Kabataan Partylist Rep. Sarah Elago said that even with the passage of the Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act, schools have increased miscellaneous fees and have required students to immediately pay unpaid loans or obligations.
“Other universities use the free tuition policy against the exercise of students' democratic rights, claiming that students should pay for the use of school facilities because the administration could no longer pay for its maintenance,” they added.
Bigger protests
With issues hounding the ordinary people, ranging from the newly implemented Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (TRAIN) which causes price hikes of basic commodities and utilities to the policies such as anti-drug policy Oplan Tokhang, the people had all the reason to rage against the government, said Kabataan Partylist Rep. Sarah Elago.
“Duterte has created all the conditions that make it imperative and befitting for the youth to put down their books and march to the streets. They have created all the conditions for the Filipino people to rage against their regime. They have set up the stage for their own downfall,” Elago said.
Elago criticized the Duterte administration saying that Duterte beat the record of their predecessors in terms of human rights violations. In less than half of Duterte's term, they said extrajudicial killings in the government's war on drugs alone have reached 13,000.
They said this is thrice the record of the Arroyo administration's counterinsurgency program Oplan Bantay Laya that also killed thousands of activists. Duterte also surpassed the human rights violations recorded in Ferdinand Marcos's 14 years of martial law implementation, they said.
Duterte's so-called reforms are also bogus, said Elago, therefore not solving the roots of armed conflict in the country.
“If it were, then it should have prioritized the Genuine Agrarian Reform Bill (GARB) over the bogus Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (TRAIN) program. If it were, then it should have been careful and vigilant of the implementation of the Free Education Act,” Elago said.
Amid Duterte's threats, a bigger protest is slated on Feb. 23. Elago encourages everyone to join the youth and students in expressing their rage against dictatorship and tyranny.
“To remain quiet during a time of turmoil and chaos is to side with the tyrant; to remain passive in a time when killings by the state are considered ‘normal' news is to tolerate the oppressor,” said Elago.
Recedes meanwhile said that Duuterte will “witness an even greater number of students walk out of their classes as they symbolically give up their slots and fight for the rights of the Filipino people.”
“Duterte must do likewise in their spot in Malacanang and not wait for the revolutionary movement to drag them to their rightful slot in the rotting hell of fascist dictators,” they added.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe asked a judge Tuesday to block an easement granted under the Trump administration that allowed the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline project to go forward.
Attorneys for the tribe said in a court documents that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers committed to a full environmental review of the project but was ordered to rush approvals after Trump took office. The documents were filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., in support of the tribe's motion for summary judgment.
"Within a few days of their inauguration, the new President abandoned this commitment — perpetuating our nation's pattern of broken promises to the Tribe — and directed the Army to 'review and approve' pipeline permits on an expedited basis," the tribe's attorneys said in court papers.
The site of the final phase of the Dakota Access Pipeline in cannonball, North Dakota. Tom Stromme / The Bismarck Tribune via AP
The crucial easement needed to finish the project was granted last week, and the company in charge of it said drilling began as soon as the approval came down. The motion for summary judgment asks that the easement be vacated.
The tribe and its supporters believe the pipeline poses a threat to a reservoir that supplies the tribe's drinking water. The pipeline project, which crosses four states, is estimated to be able to transport 570,000 barrels of oil a day.
The pipeline has been the scene of months of protests. The project was delayed during President Barack Obama's administration, and a review of environmental approvals was launched.
At the time, several government agencies, including the Army Corps, said in a joint statement that the case highlighted the need for "a serious discussion on whether there should be nationwide reform with respect to considering tribes' views on these types of infrastructure projects."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Pipeline Protesters: We Have to Go Into Strategic Fight Mode 5:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe was dealt a defeat on Monday when a judge refused to grant a temporary restraining order that would have halted construction. The easement covers 1.25 miles of the pipeline that runs under the Missouri River. The pipeline does not run on tribal land, but it crosses the river a half-mile upstream.
The 3.7 million project is nearly finished. The company financing it , Energy Transfer Partners, said Thursday: "We have started the drill to go beneath Lake Oahe and expect to be completed in 60 days."
"We look forward to having the pipeline in service in approximately 83 days," spokesperson Vicki Granado said.
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II called the pipeline "dangerous."
"President Trump claims they have not received 'a single phone call' opposing this widely criticized project," Archambault said in a statement from Earthjustice, a group working with the tribe. "Maybe they should turn the White House phones back on, because millions of people have raised their voices against this dangerous project."
Earthjustice attorney Jan Hasselman said in the statement: "The Trump Administration is circumventing the law: wholly disregarding the treaty rights of the Standing Rock Sioux and ignoring the legally required environmental review."
The motion argues that the Army Corps violated the National Environmental Policy Act by failing to prepare a full environmental impact statement about the river crossing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Jan. 24: Trump Signs Executive Orders on Keystone, Dakota Access Pipelines 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Energy Transfer Partners says the underground pipeline has been built to be one of the safest pipelines in the world. Chief Executive Kelcy Warren has called concerns over its impact on the tribe's water supply "unfounded."
Trump signed the presidential memorandum calling for the approval review of the Dakota Access project on the same day that they signed an order aimed at advancing the Keystone Oil XL Pipeline, a project rejected by Obama.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Launched in March in partnership with Columbus City Schools, Stop to Live is being touted by its creators and other advocates as the first in the United States to address substance-abuse prevention for special-needs children. Plans are to roll it out nationally next year.
From keycards to touchpads, scientists have developed all sorts of alternatives to conventional metal keys. Now researchers at the University of Washington have developed a “smart” fabric that they say can be used to create clothing programmed with the wearer's identity — making it possible to open doors at home and at work with just the swipe of a shirt cuff.
“With our approach we can transform everyday clothes like a shirt into a magnetic hard drive that can store codes and images, and which can be thrown into a washer and dryer without any loss of information,” Justin Chan, a Ph.D. student in computer science and engineering at the university and the lead author of a recent study about the new technology, told NBC News MACH in an email.
For the research, Chan and their colleagues used sewing machines and off-the-shelf conductive thread to create magnetizable embroidery. Then, they used a magnet to "program" sections of the embroidery with positive or negative poles to represent the zeros and ones of digital passcodes. These resulting codes can be read by a magnetometer, an inexpensive sensor that detects magnetic fields.
In one test, the researchers programmed a shirtsleeve patch with the passcode for an electronic door lock. They were able to unlock the door by swiping the cuff in front of an array of magnetometers affixed to the door.
Chan says the technology is a less expensive alternative to conventional keycards, which store passcodes in radio-frequency identification (RFID) chips that use electromagnetic fields to identify people or objects. “RFID readers can cost hundreds of dollars, whereas each magnetometer can retail for under a dollar,” they told MACH. “You can have a much cheaper reader and be able to read information that's on your clothes.”
The patches of fabric developed by Chan and their team could be sewn into clothing at the time of manufacture, and then later programmed with individual magnetic passcodes in much the same way that hotel staff now program keycards for guests.
The smart fabric could also be sewn into workers' uniforms, Chan says, so that "instead of scanning an RFID keycard to get to work everyday, these employees can instead scan the cuff of their shirt against a reader and easily access authorized areas."
Finally, the researchers say clothing retailers could use the new technology for inventory control, with magnetic barcodes or security tags sewn into the garments.
The technology was described in a paper presented Oct. 25 at an Association for Computing Machinery symposium in Quebec City, Canada.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The bereaved brother of murdered business person Nicholas Churton says they could still be alive today if police has 'acted on their calls'.
James Churton's comments come after their brother's killer was jailed for a minimum of 23 years and four months.
Jordan Davidson, 26, admitted murdering pensioner Nicholas Churton – who once ran a restaurant in Tarporley – at their home in Wrexham, along with 12 other charges including robberies and a hammer attack in Handbridge.
After Wednesday's sentencing, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) revealed four cops and one civilian member of North Wales Police were under criminal investigation about their contact with 67-year-old Mr Churton in the days before their murder.
They have also been served with misconduct notices.
Mr Churton contacted North Wales Police nine days before their death saying a man called Jordan had threatened them with a hammer and stolen their car keys.
Speaking to our sister site the Daily Post , James Churton said: “Everywhere (Davidson) seemed to go they left a wake of violence in their path. They (the police) shouldn't have allowed that to happen.
“The police took no action really and two or three days later this guy murdered my brother.
“I am angry about it but at the same time I just want some closure.
“If the police had acted on their calls then maybe they would be alive today.
(Image: North Wales Police)
“Nicholas didn't deserve to be bashed to death by some idiot. I find it amazing (Davidson) was walking the streets.
“My brother wouldn't harm a fly and they would befriend people easily.
“Nicholas had lots of problems in their life. They drank too much and had a broken marriage and maybe the police thought they were a bit of a drop-out.
“But they were an extremely kind and gentle person - they were a raconteur. They were very well educated and in a lot of things very intelligent.”
James, who lives in Cheshire, said they want anyone found to have failed their brother to face the consequences.
They added: “If there are police who are guilty of ignoring their complaints they need action taking against them. It's not right.”
Mr Churton was found dead at their home on March 23 on Crescent Close, Wrexham, by a friend on March 27 this year after Davidson forced their way in and beat them around the head with a machete and a hammer.
The IPCC will look at the force's response to the alleged robbery at Mr Churton's home on Sunday March 12 and whether cops complied with national guidance and procedures regarding “incident management and safeguarding”.
According to the IPCC Mr Churton told police on March 14 they had let a man called Jordan in to use their toilet two days before.
They told officers the man had threatened them with a hammer and stolen their car keys.
Mr Churton was advised to speak to other people to see if they could help identify ‘Jordan'.
The IPCC said Mr Churton contacted North Wales Police again on March 23, the day they died, and said the suspect was Jordan Davidson.
Davidson always denied stealing Mr Churton's keys and was found not guilty when the Crown Prosecution Service offered no evidence at their trial.
Derrick Campbell, IPCC Commissioner, said: “My thoughts remain with Mr Churton's family and friends following their murder, and all those affected.
“Now the murder case has concluded, we will work to complete our investigation as soon as possible.”
Te Kāpehu Whetū is the first and last Māori charter school to perform at a national secondary level as they face the challenge of transitioning to a character state school.
In a post-performance interview with Te Kāea, female leader, Waimahana Henare said, “My heart is still pumping because we achieved what we'd set out to do in the realm of Hine Rēhia and Tāne Rore.”
Male leader Te Aranga Hopa says, “It was changing, it changed my whole perspective of kapa haka leading a group.”
They've applied to become a character state school following the change of law. Kapa haka tutor Tatai Henare says despite a change of model, they're determined to continue what they've started.
“No matter whether it'll be called a charter school or mainstream our values remain the same we want to emerge the students within the teachings of the 28th Māori Battalion. Only the descendants of those who served are capable of delivering that. They are the elders leading the transfer of knowledge.”
Six of the eleven partnership schools have 87-100 per cent Māori rolls and a Treaty of Waitangi claim has been lodged over closures.
Hopa says, “I don't have many words for it, I just feel like they (the government) don't understand us.”
“We won't give up, we'll keep fighting for our school”, adds Henare.
So far, only Albany's Vanguard Military School has been confirmed to be keeping its doors open.
The Ohio Department of Health (ODH) says the new Ohio state budget has nearly $50 million in it to help save babies' lives.
According to a new report by the ODH, infants who died before their first birthday in the state continues to rise, from 1,005 in 2015 to 1,024 in 2016.
The $50 million in next year's budget is in addition to $87 million dollars spent over the last six years.
The majority of the state funding will go to supporting local community-driven proposals to end infant mortality in high-risk areas.
According to the study, nine metro areas, including Toledo/Lucas County, accounted for 59 percent of all infant deaths and 86 percent of African-American infant deaths.
At the same time there were 22 percent fewer sleep-related infant deaths last year than in 2015.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Red Squirrels have a National Red Squirrel week but the Glens Red Squirrel Group (GRSG), think a week is too short to tell the full story of their ‘Reds' and have decided October is Squirreltober.
They want everyone to join the GRSG for a whole month, to find out more about Red Squirrels in the Glens and have organised walks, talks, and storytelling and will be opening the Hide at set times.
The events include: Cregagh Wood Hide, Glendun, opening from 8.30-10am opening. 8:30am -10am on October 14 and on October 28; a Red Squirrel talk at Cushendall Library on October 17, from 6.30-7.30pm; Ballycastle Forest Walk on October 21, meeting at forest car park at the bottom of Fairhill Street at 11am in partnership with The Ghosts in the Glens Festival; Squirrel information table with Storywalk at Glenariff Forest on October 22, as part of The Ghosts in the Glens Festival, meeting at Laragh Lodge at 11am; and a Glenarm Forest Walk on October 29 from the main entrance car park, 11am.
Red squirrel populations have declined since the introduction of the grey squirrel n 1876 and it is now thought there are less than 140,000 red squirrels left in the UK. Red squirrels are afforded the highest level of protection under UK law in the Wildlife and Countryside Act, 1981 (The Wildlife & Countryside (NI) Order 1985). Significant progress has been made by local and regional red squirrel conservation initiatives in halting the decline of the red squirrel populations and controlling the spread of grey squirrel populations, but they are not safe yet - constant conservation effort is likely to be needed for as long as grey squirrels are present.
The lone American confirmed to have been injured in a New Year's terror attack on an Istanbul nightclub was saved by their cell phone, their brother told local media Monday.
William Jacob Raak, 35, of Chadds Ford, Pa., was one of an estimated 600 people partying inside the Reina nightclub early on New Year's Day when a gunman entered and opened fire at around 1:15 a.m. The attack, which was claimed by ISIS, killed at least 39 people, many of them foreigners, and injured close to 70 others.
Raak, who was at the club with a group of nine people, was shot in the hip. Their brother, Michael Raak, told NBC10 that the bullet “hit their phone” before traveling to Jacob Raak's knee.
Doctors told Raak that the cell phone prevented the bullet from hitting a major artery, likely saving the American's life.
In an interview with NBC News, Raak said they laid on the floor of the nightclub and played dead as the gunman moved through the bloody scene. They described themselves as “probably the luckiest person in the whole thing.”
“When they shot me I didn't move — I just let them shoot me,” they said. “I was shot when I was already on the ground. They were shooting people that they had already shot.”
Seven of Raak's companions at the club were shot. All were expected to survive.
Camera crews captured Raak being loaded onto an ambulance outside the nightclub.
“I was shot in the f—ing leg, man,” they yelled to reporters. “These crazy people came in shooting everything.”
Raak's mother, Grace Raak, told The Associated Press on Monday their son was visiting Istanbul to celebrate their birthday, which was Wednesday.
“We are praying for those that were injured, for their speedy recovery, and we're praying for the family and friends of those who lost loved ones,” Grace Raak said.
They said it was their understanding that their son was to arrive home Tuesday night.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus strait to escape the attack.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on ISIS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A white nationalist accused of assaulting three protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally last year alleged the president authorized them to remove disruptive people when they said "Get 'em out of here," court papers filed Monday say.
Matthew Heimbach, of the Traditionalist Worker Party, became the second defendant named in a March 30 lawsuit alleging Trump incited the assault to use the president's own words as a defense.
Matthew Heimbach, center, chairperson of the Traditionalist Worker Party, and fellow supporters spread support for their third party movement in Beattyville, Kentucky, on March 26, 2016. Michael Reaves / The Washington Post/Getty Images
"Heimbach relied on Trump's authority to order disruptive persons removed and that Trump was legally within their rights to ask other attendees to assist in defending their constitutional rights," the documents say.
If Heimbach is found liable in the suit, the documents say, Trump should indemnify him.
Another defendant, 75-year-old Alvin Bamberger, offered a similar argument in court papers filed Friday in the U.S. District Court for Western Kentucky.
Related: 10 Injured During White Nationalist Rally in California Capital
Heimbach denied the charges of assault, battery and other allegations, the documents say.
Trump's lawyers sought to dismiss the March 30 suit, arguing the president didn't mean for their supporters to use force during the March 1, 2016 rally in Louisville, Kentucky.
Judge David J. Hale rejected that claim, ruling there was considerable evidence linking the protesters' injuries to Trump's actions.
The Southern Poverty Law Center describes Heimbach's Traditionalist Worker Party as "a white nationalist group that advocates for racially pure nations and communities and blames Jews for many of the world's problems."
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. — The New York Jets' social media department posted a graphic on Twitter on Friday of a sad-looking dog that resembles the Cleveland Browns' logo wearing a cone around its neck — along with a Jets collar tag.
It also showed four dog biscuits — two of them broken — on the ground. The tweet included the word, “Sit” followed by #NYJvsCLE.
It was deleted about an hour after being posted. Someone might be in the doghouse because of it.
The message didn't exactly fit what coach Todd Bowles and their players have been saying all week — the 2-2 squad is “not good enough to look past anybody.”
The tweet received over 300 retweets and 600 likes before it was taken down.
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
FG to take Nigeria back to January/December fiscal year
The Federal Government on Tuesday started a move to return the country back to a predictable January to December fiscal year with early preparation of the 2018 budget proposals. The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Sen. Udoma Udo Udoma said this in a statement signed by their Media Adviser, James Akpandem in Abuja.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half, Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second and the United States opened the Under-17 World Cup with a 3-0 win over host India on Friday in New Delhi.
Sargent, a forward from O'Fallon, Missouri, who signed with Germany's Werder Bremen last month, was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper's right with the penalty kick in the 30th minute.
Durkin, who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri's corner kick.
Carleton, who made their Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May, rounded Moirangthem to score in the 84th.
The U.S. outshot India 19-8 and leads Group D on goal difference over Ghana, which opened with a 1-0 win over Colombia. The Americans play Ghana on Monday in New Delhi and Colombia on Thursday at Navi Maubai.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Call it the "Art of the Feel."
President Donald Trump and their French counterpart Emmanuel Macron put their warm bromance on full public display Tuesday, engaging in frequent PDAs at the White House that revealed how friendly they have grown since a tense meeting last spring.
Trump's tenderness Tuesday first revealed itself during an arrival ceremony for Macron, when the powerful pair performed a double cheek kiss — a typical European greeting custom. Moments later, during the ceremony, the two smooched again and carried on a long handshake that clocked in around five seconds.
Later Tuesday, during a brief appearance by the two leaders in front of reporters, the American president gently wiped something — Trump said it was dandruff — off Macron's shoulder.
Harvey Weinstein Re-directs Attention From Sexual Harassment Allegations To Attacking NRA
Predictably, the left has been attacking the NRA in the wake of the Las Vegas shooting, but one of the people calling for action against the National Rifle Association is someone who probably shouldn't be asking for any additional publicity.
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein was the target of a New York Times piece which detailed their years of sexual harassment, which included paying off eight women after they sued them over their behavior. In an attempt to get the attention off of him, Weinstein has jumped on the anti-NRA bandwagon. Perhaps he's hoping to fade into the crowd of angry voices.
Instead of addressing and responding to the allegations against them from the recent article, Weinstein has vowed to “channel anger” toward the NRA. A classic tactic used by Democrats as a way to deflect from personal wrong-doing, hoping that people are so simple that they can only focus on one thing at a time.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
“I am going to need a place to channel my anger so I've decided I'm going to give the NRA my full attention,” they stated. “I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy their retirement party. I'm going to do it at the same place I had my Bar Mitzvah.”
This is a slap in the face to their victims and proves that they don't feel any remorse for the way they have behaved toward them.  They are making it clear that while the media and Hollywood wants them to address their inappropriate actions, they don't care. Weinstein would rather rail uselessly against the NRA than repent for all of the years they spent victimizing women by using the power of their position.
The left now has a difficult decision to make: Do they take their bait and team up with them to fight the NRA, or do they stand up for women and push them out of their ranks? They have given a significant amount of money to the Democratic National Committee as well as individual Senators like Elizabeth Warren, Chuck Schumer, and Al Franken. They also hosted a fund-raiser for Hillary Clinton while they were running for President in 2016, which sold plates for $33,000 each.
Democrats now have a PR crisis on their hands and are going to have to do some serious damage control in the coming days and weeks, distancing themselves from Weinstein. They won't have enough time to battle the NRA and the Second Amendment. They have to choose between political gain, or saving face.
Atlanta Hawks shooting guard Tim Hardaway Jr. drained a three-pointer to force overtime against the San Antonio Spurs. A kid at Philips Arena lost their mind.
The Atlanta Hawks haven't found their stride yet in the 2016-17 NBA season. Atlanta entered Sunday night's home game against the San Antonio Spurs only a game above .500 at 17-16.
San Antonio has owned Atlanta during the Mike Budenholzer era of Hawks basketball and the Hawks have begun to reportedly shop some of their star players through trade.
Well, Atlanta may not be done just yet, as they were able to beat the Spurs by two points in overtime. Here is the shot by Atlanta shooting Tim Hardaway Jr. to force overtime. It was so delicious that it made this one kid in attendance at Philips Arena lose their mind.
The three-ball has been commonplace in the Budenholzer era of Hawks basketball. It really helps to have one of the best sharpshooters in NBA history in shooting guard Kyle Korver on the team. People go nuts when Korver or really any Hawk hits a three.
This kid took it to the next level with the three-ball money sprinkler. That's what we're going to call it. They were spitting out threes like there was no tomorrow. Of course he'd be excited. The Hawks forced overtime against the best road team in basketball. San Antonio rarely loses and almost never drops a game on the road in 2016-17.
Atlanta would knock off the Spurs in overtime 114-112 to improve to 18-16. The Hawks are right in the thick of things in the Eastern Conference. They entered play on Sunday in fifth place in the East and only behind the Charlotte Hornets in the Southeast Division standings. It might be too early for the Hawks to begin a fire sale. Could Atlanta use this win to jumpstart a solid second-half surge in 2017?
More from FanSided
This article originally appeared on
MK Yifat Shasha-Biton (Kulanu), who chairs the Knesset's Special Committee for the Rights of the Child, spoke about Israel's policies regarding child support and custody.
Speaking at the annual attorneys' conference in Eilat, Shasha-Biton said, "I am here as a lawmaker, but I don't represent all the lawmakers, and I don't represent all the women in the Knesset. It's really an issue of perspective. It's not just about the legal side, or the economics, it's about the social understandings upon which the issue of child support rests."
"There are also educational issues here... We tried to advance legislation based on the Shiffman Committee, on the Tender Age Clause and child support. I see the issue from a different perspective - the child's perspective, and what is the best for the child. The child deserves for their parents to support them financially, and here we open a Pandora's box.
"The Shiffman Committee's report is very simple: We need a uniform formula, which will be used for everyone. It will be adjusted for every situation. We need something uniform, and that will reduce the amount of discussion and extortion. Shiffman said themselves that we cannot disconnect the issue of child support from the issue of custody. In today's reality, I understand that it is very difficult to advance each of these issues separately, much less both of them together.
"This issue wasn't solved in the Knesset, because there are those who think that creating a uniform formula will harm women. And that's also an issue when it comes to the Tender Years Clause. The discussion earlier was that men want to spend more time with their children so that they'll pay less money. And it really doesn't matter, because if you do it for the wrong reasons, and later it's for the right reasons, then that's fine with me."
Shasha-Biton also noted society's "hypocrisy."
"This is hypocrisy, in society and also in the Knesset. It is inconceivable that the Knesset is pushing laws for equal parenting, but when it comes to divorce, equality ends. Suddenly, Dad isn't good enough, he's not as good as they were when they were married," they said.
"And finally we come to the issue of the child's best interests. Here as well, I note that we live in a society which hasn't yet decided what message it wants to give. When people divorce, there are wars and it's unclear what equality means. It's all about how society sees it.
"As a woman, I want to say that I am for women. If I want to raise a generation of girls who are growing up in a more equal society, then we need to start here and now, and legislate laws that offer equality with regards to custody and child support."
When activist Hugo Castro left their home in San Diego for Tijuana, it was just the most recent of their forays to help to struggle immigrants in Mexico.
They said they intended to join a caravan escorting Central American migrants on the dangerous passage north to the U.S. border.
But more than a week after leaving home — and after they posted an frantic Facebook video saying they had been threatened by unidentified marauders south of Mexico City — family members and fellow activists are worried and have reported Castro missing.
It's been a week since Castro, a 40-year-old U.S. citizen, was last in touch with the San Diego-based non-profit where they work as a volunteer. Their supervisor at Border Angels, Enrique Morones, said the father of four clearly seemed distressed, but that no one knows what has become of him.
Castro has been reported missing to consulates of both U.S. and Mexico on both sides of the border, to the Mexican Human Rights Commission and to that country's national police, Morones said.
Hugo Castro's missing poster reads, "Wanted. Seen for the last time on a live steam April 13 at 4:28 pm." Border Angels
Their partner told KPBS radio in San Diego they are scheduled to meet Tuesday morning in Mexico City with federal prosecutors to review security camera video that they hope will give clues as to theirs whereabouts.
In their own 20-minute video, posted on Facebook Thursday afternoon, Castro says in Spanish, "I was threatened. They want to kill me," adding a short time later: "I need help. I need help."
Castro's partner, Gaba Cortes, told KPBS that they missed a phone call Friday afternoon but called the number back and reached a taxi driver, who told them that they had driven Castro to Mexico City. The American reportedly said they still planned to head to the rendezvous point for the immigrant caravan, in the town of Querétaro, which is about 130 miles northwest of the capital.
In the Facebook video, Castro appears alongside a freeway and says they are the road that connects Mexico City with the city of Puebla, to the southeast. The American reports that their cell phone battery is running low and that they do not have a lot of money.
They mention others who have disappeared in Mexico and says, "Please, someone come. . . . I don't know what else to say."
Castro has been working odd jobs to pay the bills but devoting most of their time over the past decade to aid immigrants in Mexico, according to Morones. Both men work for Border Angels which, according to its website, is an "all-volunteer, non-profit organization that advocates for human rights, humane immigration reform, and social justice."
Castro had been featured a week ago by KPBS for their work aiding Haitians stranded in Tijuana and Mexicali after the U.S. toughened entry rules on the Caribbean refugees. The story depicted Castro bringing food to shelters and confronting an aid worker who appeared to no longer be welcoming the foreigners.
Castro said that they did not believe in the leaders of Mexico or the U.S., adding: "But I do believe in the people. So we, the people, el pueblo, are the ones who are bringing the change."
Morones said it was not uncommon for volunteers working along the border to be threatened by smugglers and others who making money by preying on migrants. "About three weeks ago, Hugo was threatened," Morones said. "He was trying to help these Haitians and people who were trying to take advantage of them said 'It's none of your business. Stay out of it.' " Morones said they told the volunteer to file a police report about the intimidation.
In joining the caravan escorting Central Americans from Querétaro, Castro intended to raise awareness about the plight of the migrants, many of whom cannot get asylum in the U.S. Smugglers and others have robbed, raped and beaten the immigrants.
Castro's sister, Angie Velazquez, said via email that their brother had helped hundreds of people, but they declined to "brag about it" or seek attention.
"He has the kindest heart," they said. "He helps, whether they know you or not; they help with no strings attached."
2017 UTME: 62,140 Candidates Will Re-Write JAMB On July 1st
JAMB has fixed 1st July for 62,140 Candidates to Rewrite the 2017 UTME. The previous results of these candidates have therefore been cancelled. This was confirmed by The registrar of JAMB, Ishaq Oloyede, at a press briefing after the board's management meeting in Abuja. The 62,140 candidates to rewrite the exam include 57,646 candidates in …
The post 2017 UTME: 62,140 Candidates Will Re-Write JAMB On July 1st appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The fire was reported in the 3100 block of Bohannon Avenue shortly after 5 a.m. Wednesday. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) – Fire crews were called after a fire started in the bedroom of a duplex near Churchill Downs.
The fire was reported in the 3100 block of Bohannon Avenue shortly after 5 a.m. Wednesday.
Louisville Fire & Rescue Lt. Col. Terrance Delaney said one man lived in the side of the duplex where the fire started. The man was able to call the fire department and alert their neighbor.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
It took approximately 20 firefighters two minutes to put out the flames.
No injuries were reported.
The cause of the fire has not been released but Delaney said it was accidental.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Clergy in robes. A woman handing out flowers. Black Lives Matter activists. Armed militia members. Students. Angry anti-fascist protesters.
The diverse group of people who came to oppose a weekend gathering of white nationalists in this Virginia college town seemed to outnumber the rally-goers. The counter-protesting groups didn't organize collectively. Instead, it was a largely organic effort among groups who shared the same mission: showing that hate wasn't welcome.
"They just wanted to come out and say no. They wanted to come out and show a robust love for community and what America is meant to stand for," said Lisa Woolfork, a University of Virginia professor and 17-year Charlottesville resident. "And I find that very heartening, very encouraging."
Officials have not provided a crowd estimate, but there appeared to be at least 500 people supporting the rally sparked by Charlottesville's decision to remove a Confederate monument. At least twice as many appeared to be there to oppose them.
The violence between the groups erupted well before the event was supposed to start.
Neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members other white supremacists made their way to the park at the same time as counter-protesters, and the two sides clashed. People threw punches, screamed, set off smoke bombs, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays. Some came prepared for a fight, with body armor and helmets. Others darted around, trying to avoid the chaos.
"I've never seen that kind of hatred up front. It was pretty raw, pretty coarse," scholar and activist Cornel West, one of the most high-profile counter-protesters, told The Associated Press in an interview Sunday.
There were pockets of peaceful resistance, too. One woman quietly handed out flowers. A group stood in a circle, hands uplifted, singing hymns. One man toted a tuba.
Volunteer medics bobbed in and out of the fray, helping people who had been sprayed with chemicals, and others passed out water and snacks.
Walt Heinecke, another University of Virginia professor, obtained city permits for events in two nearby parks, and counter-protesters used the sites as a place of respite.
Heinecke said they were surprised to see members of an armed leftist group who stationed themselves nearby, providing protection for people there.
Meanwhile, many of the rally attendees stood behind barriers officials had put up, waiting for the event to get underway. But the speakers never got the chance.
As the chaos grew, authorities declared it an unlawful assembly and forced the crowd to disperse. The rally leaders, including organizer Jason Kessler — a local right-wing blogger and activist — urged supporters to go home.
Kessler blamed the violence on police, saying they didn't do enough to maintain order and protect their group's right to free speech.
About two hours later, pockets of counter-protesters who had been marching through town converged on a downtown street. Hundreds were streaming along, cheering, and waving flags.
"There was a real feeling like we had driven them out of the town," said Ross Mittiga, a UVA researcher who recently ran an unsuccessful campaign for the state House of Delegates.
That was quickly shattered when a car plowed into the crowd, hurling people into the air. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and 19 others were injured. Just hours later, a state police helicopter that had been deployed as part of the response crashed in a field outside of town, killing two.
In blog posts after the violence, the Daily Stormer, a leading white nationalist website that promoted the Charlottesville event, pledged to hold more events "soon."
Opponents said they'd be ready.
"We have got to keep fighting, keep the love in it, keep sacrificing for justice," West said. "We have no choice at this point."
———
Associated Press reporter Josh Replogle contributed to this report.
They say the best camera is the one you have with you, and for most people, that camera is the one on their smartphones. iPhone photography keeps getting better every year, and the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are no exception. The iPhone 7 Plus brings what is one of the most versatile dual camera setups around as it combines a wide-angle lens, with a telephoto lens you can use for portraits. This combination gives you a lot more room when it comes to composing your pictures just the way you want them.
If we are using our smartphones to take pictures everywhere, then having it make loud noises when you take a picture may not be ideal in all situations. Sometimes it isn't appropriate to have a loud shutter sound when you are trying to take a picture. In this article, we will show you how to turn off the camera sound on an iPhone quickly and easily so that you can silence your camera, and take pictures without disturbing anyone.
Use the mute switch
The easiest way to mute the camera sound is to use the ring/silent switch on the upper left-hand side. When you turn on the silent switch, you will feel the iPhone vibrate, and the button will show an orange stripe. You should be aware that this will mute all notifications, incoming calls, and other alerts.
Turn down the volume
What do you do if the silent switch isn't working? If your silent switch broke or isn't working for some reason, turning down the volume may seem like an obvious way to do it, but if you do this while in the camera app, you will start taking pictures in burst mode.
If you know that you are going to use the camera app and want to mute the sounds, you can turn down the volume before you open the app using the volume down button on the left-hand side of your iPhone below the silent switch.
You can also turn down the volume while on the camera app by swiping up from the bottom to reveal Control Center, and then swipe left to reveal the volume control. You can turn down the volume from here.
Country restrictions
Did you know that in some countries it is mandatory to have the camera shutter sound on at all times? It's not law, but wireless carriers have imposed it and phone manufacturers have followed suit. In countries like Japan and Korea, all smartphones must make a sound when using the camera app to take a picture. If you're in these countries, we are sorry to say that even if you mute the iPhone, your camera app will still make a sound.
Nena Barlow
With all of the time we spend studying advanced winch rigging techniques, comparing tire composition, and ogling the latest navigation applications, it is easy to forget the fundamentals. Ignoring these fundamentals cause the majority of four-wheeling difficulties we see on the trail. The difference between an enjoyable trip and a catastrophic one can be as simple as these four things: knowing and using your Jeep's 4WD system effectively, airing down the tires, picking a good line through the obstacle, and having a functioning jack. These few basics should be the foundation of every Jeep driver's education regarding their or their specific rig.
Many people get into snags on the trail simply because they didn't use 4WD at the appropriate time. It's easier to shift to 4WD before you need it, rather than spinning and chewing up your tires, digging up the trail, and making your situation worse. It doesn't make you less macho to use 4WD—it means you are smart, have mechanical sympathy for the rig, and are respectful of the trail. Though running in 4WD all of the time on flat, tractive surfaces is not good for your rig's driveline and steering, it is important to recognize when a little better distribution of power will smooth out the trip. What about the infamous hot oil light? Using 4L is the solution. A basic guideline we teach is to use 4H whenever you start on an unmaintained road, and 4L if you are going less than 10-15 mph due to narrow, steep, or rough surface.
The difference between an enjoyable trip and a catastrophic one can be as simple as using your 4WD system effectively, airing down tires, picking a good line, and having a functioning jack.
Sometimes the problem is that the driver simply does not understand how to engage 4WD properly. We have seen many drivers get stuck, thinking their 4WD isn't working, when they actually just didn't engage it correctly. Though most vehicles have shift-on-the-fly 4WD high range, every transfer case that we know of still requires you to stop, put the transmission in Neutral, and then engage (or disengage) 4WD low range. If you hear grinding, stop; put the transmission back in Neutral and try again. And, with many vehicles, especially those with electronic transfer case switches, turning the vehicle off and then back on again can also do the trick. Understand the basics of how your 4WD system functions. As a bonus, learn where and how it actually physically engages and disengages. This is helpful when troubleshooting or performing trail fixes.
I will mention tire management again and again in my articles. That's because tires are pretty important. They are, literally, where the rubber meets the road. Take care of your tires. This may be hard to hear, but tires rarely go flat by themselves. Drivers make tires go flat. Learn what tire pressure works best for your rig on the terrain in question. Pick a line around the sharp rocks all the time, even on easy roads. I have lost more tires to baseball-sized rocks on 25 mph roads than I have scrubbing sidewalls in the nastiest granite canyons. Usually, that's because we think that we don't have to pay attention on easy roads. Yes, we do.
Plenty of opportunities here to inflict unnecessary wear and tear on yourself and your rig—use correct gearing and pick a good line.
When a tire fails and you find yourself needing to change a tire, do you have a moment of panic trying to remember where exactly the jack is? Or do you immediately and confidently reach for it, knowing it is ready to go because you check it before every trip? Does your jack have all of the components in good working order? Is it appropriate for the height and weight of your rig? These are questions that are best answered in the comfort of your garage, not out in the middle of the forest. At night. In the rain. And, do I still have to say that a hi-lift jack is not the best choice for changing a tire? Though a great tool to have for a number of other reasons, for changing tires, I go to my bottle jack or even factory scissor jack.
The bottom line: Do your homework. Research and exploration into your Jeep's basic mechanics will provide you with the knowledge to deal with the majority of issues you are likely to encounter on the trail.
A good, basic guideline is to use 2H for pavement, 4H for unmaintained roads, and 4L for anything steep, narrow, or rough where you are going 10-15 mph.
Many new Jeeps have many more buttons to decipher. Know what they are and how they function.
The scissor jack is standard issue on newer Jeeps. Play with it at home to get used to how it works. Sometimes the hardest part is just figuring out how to get it un-stowed.
You can do quite a lot with the factory scissor jack. Here it is fully extended, lifting a 37-inch tire off the ground on unlevel terrain.
Can your sidewall do this? The tire in this photo is at extremely low air pressure for very slow-speed rockcrawling, but when aired down appropriately for the terrain, most modern tires are a lot tougher and offer more traction than you might think. Aired up to street pressure off-road is asking for a puncture, or at the very least, bouncing and spinning tires.
Monday's trip marked the president's first visit back to the Granite State since the 2016 election, though advisers denied the event was intended to serve as an early stop in Trump's re-election campaign. Still, Trump saw the promise of future electoral victory at the gathering, remarking that there were "a lot of voters in this room" and saying they wanted to win the battle against the opioid epidemic by the end of their second term as president.
The president's speech, while focused on drug policy, also included riffs on their signature issue, as several in the crowd shouted for them to "build the wall!", and they attacked Democrats over their opposition to their immigration agenda. "They want to make [the immigration issue] part of the campaign," said Trump.
Punishing these "big pushers" with a "zero tolerance policy" works in other countries, Trump said, without naming those countries specifically. They conceded that the United States might not be willing to embrace such a controversial step — even though they couldn't "personally" understand that way of thinking.
Trump might seek to model the U.S. punitive program after the approach taken by countries like China and Singapore that have adopted capital punishment for drug offenses, a senior White House official told NBC last week. Both countries have been criticized for those policies by human rights groups.
Trump told the crowd Monday the Justice Department would focus on finding a way to implement the policy in the United States.
"If we're not going to get tough on the drug dealers who kill thousands of people and destroy so many people's lives, we are just doing the wrong thing," Trump said.
One of Trump's key promises during their presidential run was the development of a comprehensive plan to address opioid addiction — and in New Hampshire, they and other presidential hopefuls found a population eager to hear potential solutions: in 2016, the Granite State had the third highest drug overdose rate in the nation.
Trump — who on Monday praised New Hampshire's efforts to combat addiction — referred to the state as a "drug infested den" during a call with Mexican President Peña Nieto last year, according to a transcript of the call published at the time by the Washington Post.
In that call, they also claimed to have won the state because of voter concern with its drug problems. Trump won New Hampshire's 2016 GOP presidential primary, but lost the state to Hillary Clinton in the general election.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – They'll soon be grinding flour once again at Lanterman's Mill in Mill Creek Park, just like it was done when it was built in the 1840s. The water wheel — which was in bad shape — has been replaced and the mill should be fully operational sometime this spring.
Lanterman's Mill may be Youngstown's most iconic image, but soon the water running over the dam will be used for more than just beauty.
“You know, fills the buckets and starts to turn it,” said Steve Avery, with Mill Creek Park.
The new water wheel that's been built is white oak and 14 feet in diameter.
“That's the purpose, yeah, to show the 1800s technology that can still grind grain,” Avery said.
Along with the wheel, the timber structure around it was also replaced. Still to come are a new penstock to feed the water onto the wheel and three wooden gates in the channel leading to the wheel.
“These components were the first constructed in the 1985 reconstruction, so they're not original members that were taken out but they were original to the restoration project,” Avery said.
Hassett Millrights of Kentucky received the $182,000 contract to build the wheel. Sales of the Recipes of Youngstown cookbook raised $82,000 of the $182,000 for the project.
Though Hassett Millrights didn't arrive until January, the work began over a year ago.
“The entire wheel was constructed in a shop, deconstructed, shipped up here and then reconstructed on site,” Avery said.
There were no plans or blueprints from the 1840s when the mill was built and nothing for the wheel from the 1985 restoration.
“If you look at where the wheel needed to be, it probably wouldn't have needed to be much larger than this,” Avery said.
But this time, blueprints were drawn — a good thing, since wooden water wheels last only 15 to 20 years.
“We've helped the future, yes,” Avery said.
The project should be finished in early April, with the first grinding of flour likely before summer.
The Morning Blitz with Al Galdi is a fast-moving, high-energy show that covers everything you need to begin your day. Redskins, Nationals, Wizards, Capitals, Terps, Hoyas, Orioles…Galdi covers them all in addition to hitting on the national sports stories that matter to you. Galdi is a DMV-lifer, a huge proponent of analytics and a big fan of old-school hip-hop. They also host The Official Redskins Postgame Show after every Redskins game and Chin Music with Al Galdi on Saturdays from 9am-10am. Tweet him: @AlGaldi
Getty Image
There are 64 days before the start of the NBA regular season, meaning another two long months before real live action, but on Monday we finally got some big news to give us something to talk about that isn't Kyrie Irving's potential future. The NBA finally released the full 2017-18 regular season schedule for all 30 teams after giving us a little taste of the schedule with the Christmas Day and nationally televised opening night games last week.
Now we know when all 82 games for each of the 30 teams will be played and where, allowing fans to begin piecing together their plans for next season. As for differences in schedule structure from a year ago, the league has completely eliminated four game in five night stretches and teams are down to an average of just 14.4 back-to-back games in 2017-18, compared to 16.3 per team last season as the league looks to keep stars from needing to skip games for rest.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. – Jordan Spieth won't be around for the weekend at the Waste Management Phoenix Open, and they have an unexpectedly balky putter to blame.
Spieth spent their first two trips around TPC Scottsdale burning edges and missing opportunities, as they lost nearly four shots to the field in strokes gained putting. Those extra shots proved pivotal as Spieth carded rounds of 72-70, and at even par left the course one shot outside the projected cut line.
Spieth declined to speak to reporters following the second round, a 1-under effort that included three birdies but none across their final six holes with their weekend fate hanging in the balance.
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
The early exit is surprising given Spieth's history on the Stadium Course. They tied for seventh in their 2015 tournament debut and tied for ninth last year, leading Las Vegas oddsmakers to install them as a pre-tournament favorite ahead of two-time defending champ Hideki Matsuyama
Instead, Spieth missed their first cut since the AT&T Byron Nelson in May, ending a run of 15 consecutive cuts made in worldwide starts.
Spieth ranked among the top 25 in the field in strokes gained off the tee and tee to green during the second round, but they compiled less than 41 feet worth of made putts and needed 32 putts to complete their round.
They will have little time to make changes, as he's set defend their title next week at the AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am and will tee it up in the Genesis Open the following week as well.
Share
Envision Peripherals is gearing up to launch the world's first desktop monitor with the coveted VESA DisplayHDR 1000 certification. Marketed as the Philips Momentum 436M (436M6VBPAB), the monitor will pack a 43-inch screen with a 3,840 x 2,160 resolution when it ships later this summer for $999.
Key Specs Size: 43 inches Resolution: 3,840 x 2,160 Peak brightness: 1,000 nits Price: $999 Availability: Late summer
Along with 4K and Ultra High Definition (UHD), the big hype machine pushing monitor and TV sales also pitches the term high dynamic range, or HDR. While 4K is a significant jump in visual clarity from Full HD, HDR is a significant jump in visual depth. HDR increases color richness using a higher contrast between light and dark images, whereas a 4K resolution provides better clarity using additional pixels to sharpen edges.
Enter DisplayHDR, a new system created by VESA to classify HDR-compatible desktop monitors so customers can better understand the visual range of the display in regard to contrast and color accuracy. There are three certified labels: 400 for entry-level HDR displays, 600 for midrange HDR fidelity, and 1,000 for enthusiasts.
The details regarding the upcoming Philips Momentum 436M are rather slim right now, but we do know the display is based on quantum dot technology. That means it relies on nano-sized semiconductor crystals that generate pure, monochromatic blue, green, and red light. They also provide a higher peak brightness than your typical pixel on an LCD screen.
That's also where the new DislpayHDR numbering system comes into play. Displays that fall under the DisplayHDR 400 umbrella have a peak brightness of 400 nits. Likewise, DisplayHDR 600 is for panels capable of 600 nits, and DisplayHDR 1000 is for the high-end displays that can crank the brightness up to a crazy 1,000 nits. Meanwhile, your typical desktop monitor is around 300 to 350 nits.
The Philips Momentum 436M6 promises “a wider range of more accurate colors – especially dark reds and greens – that stay crisp and clear even in bright light.” It's backed by the company's Ambiglow technology that generates a “halo” of light outside the screen. This tech presents the illusion of a larger screen by processing each flashed image and matching the outer glow colors with those displayed on the screen. Users can manually adjust the external lighting as well.
At this time, we don't have a full specifications list, including the panel's port complement. But according to the company, the Philips Momentum 436M6 will include MultiView technology, enabling customers to view two connected devices simultaneously, such as a desktop and a laptop, or a set-top-box and a gaming console. Based on those descriptions, the panel should have at least two HDMI inputs.
“[The] DisplayHDR 1000 level of picture performance will offer a more intense gaming and entertainment experience. The contrast and color really bring action scenes alive like we've never seen before,” says Chris Brown, Philips Monitors global marketing manager.
We should hear more about the Philips Momentum 436M in the coming months.
The scene on East Indian Trail on Friday night. (Source: Miles Jackson / WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A teenage boy was shot and later died on Friday in the Okolona neighborhood.
The victim was identified as KenDell Smith, 17.
MetroSafe said the call came in at 6:23 p.m., of a shooting at an apartment in the 3200 block of East Indian Trail, off Preston Highway near Fern Valley Road.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
"I got a phone call telling me he'd been shot," the victim's cousin, Angela Smith-Ward told WAVE 3 News. "Next thing I know they were gone."
Smith-Ward said the victim was a student at Fern Creek High School.
"They don't play out here," Smith-Ward said. "They don't care who you are."
Smith-Ward said the the victim's mother had moved with them to Louisville after KenDell was shot in the back in Chicago.
They said they'd tried to warn them about certain people, but they didn't listen.
"You live the life that you live and you die by it," Ward said. "You live by the sword, you die by the sword. Like I said, we tried."
The teen's mother lived not far from the crime scene.
KenDell would have turned 18 in September,
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Details leading to deadly traffic stop revealed by LMPD
+ Residents stress inclusion, diversity as contractors chosen for West Louisville YMCA
+ Person found shot near Walgreens on Dixie Hwy in Louisville's 3rd shooting of the day
LMPD Spokesman Dwight Mitchell said the victim was pronounced dead at the scene.
Mitchell called this shooting and another from earlier Friday in Louisville "senseless acts of violence."
Police did not give any information about any possible suspects.
Anyone with information is urged to call the anonymous police tip line at 502-574-LMPD (5673).
A GoFundMe has been set up to help the Smith family with costs for a burial and funeral. You can donate here.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
In 2018, a NASA spacecraft will launch into the sun's atmosphere, where it will help scientists predict a solar storm that could wreak havoc on Earth and in interplanetary space.
It's a mission nearly 60 years in the making, dating back to when astrophysicist Dr. Eugene Parker first predicted the solar wind's existence in 1958. But only now does NASA have the technology to fly near where that wind originates.
Related: Watch NASA Detail New Solar Probe Plus Mission, First to 'Touch Sun'
The sun's atmosphere, called the corona, is the only region of the solar system yet to be explored by humanity's probes — and it's arguably the most important. The sun is the source of all energy in the solar system. It unleashes torrents of radiation and magnetism that stream toward Earth at supersonic speeds. Once they reach our planet, these clouds of charged plasma can interfere with satellites and ground communications, cause blackouts, and shower airline and spacecraft crews with damaging radiation.
Without advance warning, a huge solar storm could cause up to $2 trillion in damage in the U.S., according to a 2014 report by the National Academy of Sciences. Power lines would be fried by solar particles, plunging the eastern seaboard into a blackout that could take a year to fix. Solar storms can also harm space travelers exploring the moon, Mars, asteroids, or other destinations far from Earth's protective magnetic field. The trouble is, scientists don't fully understand why solar storms happen, let alone how to forecast them.
The Parker Solar Probe, renamed in Eugene Parker's honor at a ceremony Wednesday, will try to find those answers by getting uncomfortably close to our star, explained Nicola Fox, project scientist for the spacecraft at the Applied Physics Laboratory of Johns Hopkins University.
“Before now, the materials didn't exist to allow us to be able to do it,” Fox said during the event at the University of Chicago, where Parker worked until their retirement.
Dr. Eugene Parker, University of Chicago astrophysicist, smiles after receiving a scale model of the Parker Solar Probe during the NASA announcement of its mission to fly directly into the sun's atmosphere. Reuters
The probe will try to determine why the corona is hotter than the sun's surface — a bizarre fact that seems to defy the laws of nature. If scientists can figure out how the corona is energized, they may be able to predict its violent outbursts, known as coronal mass ejections. Forecasting these plasma storms would give people on Earth a chance to safeguard the power grid, satellites, and communications networks, and give interplanetary explorers time to take cover. Fox said a visit to the sun is the only way to gather the evidence necessary to understand these processes.
“You can learn so much from looking out the window [on Earth]'" they said. "You can see the sun is shining, you can hear the birds are singing. But until you actually go outside, you can't tell how hot it is, or how windy it is.”
Related: NASA's Mars 2020 Rover Looks Right at Home on the Red Planet
NASA and Johns Hopkins scientists have been building the car-sized probe since 2010. Its heat shield, the toughest ever designed, will safeguard the probe against searing 2,500 F temperatures.
The probe will whip around the sun at 430,000 mph and orbit the sun just 4 million miles from its surface — seven times closer than any spacecraft has ventured. The sun's disk will appear 23 times larger than it does from Earth, and the light and radiation will be 570 times more intense. The Parker Solar Probe will repeatedly swoop through the outer corona, dipping sensitive science instruments into the raging solar wind.
Along with its instruments, the craft will carry a photo of Parker, a copy of their seminal 1958 solar wind paper, and an inscription of their choosing.
At the ceremony, Parker, one of just 20 men to have a spacecraft named in their honor, said they were ready to find out what the probe would reveal: “It's ready to do battle with the solar elements as it divulges the secrets of the expanding solar corona.”
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Transcript for Harvey Weinstein indicted in New York rape case
The disgrace movie mogul has been indicted by a grand jury late this evening Manhattan DA made the announcement just a short while ago. Weinstein was indicted on rape and sexual assault charge. They did not testify before this grand jury dollars and border Sadr movement in the newsroom with the latest. San I think we all we're waiting expecting this announcement likely to come soon the Manhattan DA is side advances office. Released a statement in fact just moments ago saying that the indictment brings Weinstein one step closer to accountability. And that's also reference Weinsteins attorneys attempt to discredit their accusers say. The defendants in recent assault on the integrity of these survivors and the legal process is predictable. And we are confident that win the jury hears the evidence in will reject these attacks out of hand. Of course it was just five days ago that the spectacle of Weinstein turning themselves then in lower Manhattan played out.  They are now facing charges of rape in the first and third degrees and a criminal sexual act in the first degree these charges of course stem from accusations from two women here in New York. They continue to face investigations in California and in the UK UK. At today's news comes just hours after Weinstein declined to testify before a grand jury their attorneys said there just wasn't enough time for them to prepay act. Weinstein continues to deny the allegations.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Home Depot (NYSE: HD) has an attraction to its own stock that seems hard for the company to resist. Management began the 2016 fiscal year targeting buyback spending of $5 billion, but the home improvement retailer quickly changed its mind. Executives actually dedicated $6.9 billion to repurchasing shares — or approximately 90% of net earnings.
Continue Reading Below
At a glance, that seems like an overly aggressive commitment of resources for a business that's under constant threat from rival bricks-and-mortar retailers and online-focused challengers. So, let's look at whether Home Depot's capital allocation strategy makes sense in the context of its operating and financial goals.
Image source: Getty Images.
Profits and spending
The past year was a strong one for Home Depot's business. The company outgrew Lowe's (NYSE: LOW) by posting a 6% comparable-store sales increase compared to Lowe's 4% uptick. In further good news for investors, that surge came paired with improving profitability. Operating margin jumped to 14.2% of sales from 13.3% in the prior year. Lowe's profitability, in contrast, stayed stuck in the high single digits.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
LOW Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts.
The growth and profitability trends combined to send Home Depot's net income higher by 14% to $8 billion. Cash flow was similarly strong, rising to $9.8 billion from $9.4 billion.
Home Depot isn't expanding its store base, so its capital requirements aren't as hefty as Lowe's right now. Yet the business still required major investments in projects like store modernizations, supply chain upgrades, and e-commerce infrastructure. All told, Home Depot plowed $1.6 billion back into the business in 2016, up from $1.5 billion in the prior year.
Debt helps
Debt also played a key role in the company's decision to raise its buyback spending. Late in the year, management decided to take on an extra $2 billion of borrowings that added to a ballooning debt burden for the company. Long-term debt is over $23 billion today — up from $9 billion back in 2011.
HD Total Long Term Debt (Annual) data by YCharts.
That increase isn't as bad as it might first seem, though. For one, interest rates have been low, and sales spiked over this time period, so Home Depot's interest payments remain small relative to the business — just 1% of sales last year compared to 0.7% in fiscal 2012.
Second, Home Depot's targeted use of debt has contributed to an impressive spike in its return on invested capital. That figure passed 31% of sales last year to put the retailer near the top of all businesses on thekey efficiency metric.
Where buybacks go from here
Here's the bigger picture: Home Depot generated $9.8 billion of cash last year that it supplemented with $2.4 billion of new debt. Of that $12.2 billion of available funds, the retailer dedicated $1.6 billion to investments in the business, $3.4 billion to dividends, and, in the biggest commitment by far, $6.9 billion toward stock buybacks.
For 2017, executives again forecast $5 billion of buyback spending, but there are good reasons to believe them this time. The company plans to ramp up its business investments to $2 billion, and it also recently announced a major boost to its dividend payment that now targets returning 55% of earnings to investors through dividends rather than the prior 50% goal. Lowe's aims for a much smaller 35% annual payout ratio.
Finally, Home Depot is likely on the hunt for more acquisitions to help bolster its position in growth areas like the professional side of the home improvement business. Executives see share gains in that $120 billion market as key to their goal of passing $100 billion of annual sales by 2018.
Management's stock buyback decision doesn't seem to rely on share price, given that the spending has been steady at about $7 billion in each of the last three fiscal years. That's why investors can expect Home Depot to rely on that channel as a key part of its capital return program even as it boosts its commitments in other areas.
10 stocks we like better than Home Depot
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Home Depot wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Home Depot. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
RadioTimes.com can exclusively reveal the five brand-new comics tackling the Dave show
Taskmaster‘s series seven line-up has been confirmed, and RadioTimes.com can exclusively reveal the comedians taking part in the next series of the smash-hit show.
Advertisement
Stand-up stars James Acaster and Rhod Gilbert are amongst the five brand new – and brave – stars who will be undertaking Greg Davies and Alex Horne's daft tasks when the Taskmaster returns later this year.
Also joining them are E4's Drifters and Inbetweeners actor Jessica Knappett, along with comedians Kerry Godliman (Live at the Apollo, Derek) and Phil Wang (Would I Lie To You?, Drunk History).
The ten-part seventh series of the BAFTA-nominated comedy will air on Dave this September, although a firm date has yet to be confirmed.
Series six of Taskmaster saw Russell Howard, Tim Vine, Alice Levine, Asim Chaudhry and Liza Tarbuck tackling tasks such as ‘do something manly with a cardboard box' and ‘remove a £5 note from underneath a pint glass without touching it'.
Yep, this is just how the new intake can expect to humiliate themselves over the course of 10 weeks…
Advertisement
Taskmaster will return to Dave in September
TORONTO — Canadians have been swindled out of than $1.7 million via scams involving cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin so far this year — more than double the amount during all of 2016.
The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre says that's more than five times the amount people lost to these types of scams in 2015, which was roughly $284,000.
As bitcoin becomes more popular with investors, sending the price above US$17,000 mark last week, criminals appear to be increasingly turning to cryptocurrencies to extort payment from their victims as well.
These new figures come after police in Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario warned in recent months to beware of scams involving demands for a transfer of funds using bitcoin.
RCMP in Langley, B.C., last month said a woman received a call from what they believed was their husband's cellphone and someone poses as a police officer, asking for bail to secure their spouse's release.
Police said the woman followed the caller's instructions and paid them $5,000 in bitcoin, before receiving a call from their husband who was sitting at home and never arrested in the first place.
WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was on the verge of resigning this past summer amid mounting policy disputes and clashes with the White House, according to senior administration officials who were aware of the situation at the time.
The tensions came to a head around the time President Donald Trump delivered a politicized speech in late July to the Boy Scouts of America, an organization Tillerson once led, the officials said.
Just days earlier, Tillerson had openly disparaged the president, referring to them as a “moron,” after a July 20 meeting at the Pentagon with members of Trump's national security team and Cabinet officials, according to three officials familiar with the incident.
In an unscheduled statement to reporters Wednesday morning, Tillerson directly addressed that version of events, saying, "I have never considered leaving this post."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rex Tillerson: I 'never considered leaving' State Department 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
They praised Trump's foreign policy agenda, saying they were part of a team to "make America great again." But they did not deny calling the president a "moron," declining to address that remark directly and saying, "I'm not going to deal with petty stuff like that."
In a briefing Wednesday afternoon, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Tillerson did not use the word "moron" to descibe the president. "The secretary did not use that type of language to speak about the president of the Unites States," Nauert said. "He did not say that."
The president was asked about Tillerson's remarks after touring the University Medical Center in Las Vegas Wednesday and said, "I am very honored by their comments, it was fake news, it was a totally phony story." Trump added that they have "total confidence in Rex."
While it's unclear if they were aware of the incident at the Pentagon, officials said Vice President Mike Pence counseled Tillerson, who is fourth in line to the presidency, on ways to ease tensions with Trump, and other top administration officials urged them to remain in the job at least until the end of the year.
Officials said that the administration, beset then by a series of high-level firings and resignations, would have struggled to manage the fallout from a Cabinet secretary of their stature departing within the first year of Trump's presidency.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rex Tillerson almost resigned in July; rift with Trump deepens 4:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Pence has since spoken to Tillerson about being respectful of the president in meetings and in public, urging that any disagreements be sorted out privately, a White House official said. The official said progress has since been made.
Yet the disputes have not abated. This weekend, tensions spilled out into the open once again when the president seemed to publicly chide Tillerson on their handling of the crisis with North Korea.
NBC News spoke with a dozen current and former senior administration officials for this article, as well as others who are close to the president.
Tillerson, who was in Texas for their son's wedding in late July when Trump addressed the Boy Scouts, had threatened not to return to Washington, according to three people with direct knowledge of the threats. Their discussions with retired Gen. John Kelly, who would soon be named Trump's second chief of staff, and Defense Secretary James Mattis, helped initially to reassure him, four people with direct knowledge of the exchanges said.
Related: Trump Tweets Tillerson 'Wasting Their Time' Talking to North Korea
After Tillerson's return to Washington, Pence arranged a meeting with him, according to three officials. During the meeting, Pence gave Tillerson a “pep talk,” one of these officials said, but also had a message: the secretary needed to figure out how to move forward within Trump's policy framework.
Kelly and Mattis have been Tillerson's strongest allies in the cabinet. In late July, “they did beg them to stay,” a senior administration official said. “They just wanted stability.”
At that time, however, Nauert responded to speculation that Tillerson was thinking about resigning by saying they were “committed to staying” and was “just taking a little time off” in Texas.
Tillerson's top State Department spokesperson, R.C. Hammond, said Tillerson did not consider quitting this past summer. They denied that Tillerson called Trump a “moron.” Hammond said they were unaware of the details of Tillerson's meetings with Pence.
Hammond said they knew of only one time when the two men discussed topics other than policy: A meeting where Pence asked Tillerson if they thought Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, was helpful to the administration, or if they were worried about the role they were playing. They added that whenever the vice president gives advice on how processes could run more smoothly, the advice is a good thing.
Hammond also said that they wouldn't characterize the secretary's conversations with Mattis or Kelly as attempts to convince Tillerson to stay in their position.
In a statement Wednesday, the vice president's communications director, Jarrod Agen, said “any statements” that Pence “questioned Ambassador Nikki Haley's value” to the administration are “categorically false.” They also said that, “at no time” did Pence and Tillerson “ever discuss the prospect of the Secretary's resignation.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump's Boy Scout Speech Takes Political Turn 2:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A Pentagon official close to Mattis denied any awareness of a specific conversation about Tillerson's future in the administration. But the official said the two men speak all the time and have a regular breakfast together.
The White House declined to comment on the record for this story.
Tillerson and Trump clashed over a series of key foreign policy issues over the summer, including Iran and Qatar. Trump chafed at Tillerson's attempts to push them – privately and publicly – toward decisions that were at odds with their policy positions, according to officials. Hammond said Tillerson has had no policy differences with Trump. “The president's policy is their policy,” Hammond said.
In August, Trump was furious with Tillerson over their response to a question about the president's handling of the racially charged and deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, administration officials said. Trump had said publicly that white nationalists and neo-Nazi sympathizers shared blame for violence with those who came out to protest them.
“The president speaks for himself,” Tillerson said at the time, when asked on “Fox News Sunday” about Trump's comments.
Hammond said Trump addressed the issue with Tillerson in a meeting the next day. They said that during the meeting, Trump congratulated another White House official, Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert, for their performance on the Sunday news talk shows. Bossert had defended Trump's controversial pardon of former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio.
President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson confer during a working lunch with African leaders during the U.N. General Assembly in New York on Sept. 20, 2017. Kevin Lamarque / Reuters
The president, according to Hammond, told Tillerson they were upset with their comments when they saw them the first time. But, Hammond said Trump told Tillerson, after watching the interview a second and third time, the president understood that Tillerson was trying to say Trump is the best person to convey what their values are.
Still, the message was clear that Trump wanted Tillerson to defend them more, Hammond said.
The frustrations run both ways. Tillerson stunned a handful of senior administration officials when they called the president a “moron” after a tense two-hour long meeting in a secure room at the Pentagon called "The Tank," according to three officials who were present or briefed on the incident. The July 20 meeting came a day after a meeting in the White House Situation Room on Afghanistan policy where Trump rattled their national security advisers by suggesting they might fire the top U.S. commander of the war and comparing the decision-making process on troop levels to the renovation of a high-end New York restaurant, according to participants in the meeting.
It is unclear whether Trump was told of Tillerson's outburst after the Pentagon meeting or to what extent the president was briefed on Tillerson's plan to resign earlier in the year.
Tillerson also has complained about being publicly undermined by the president on the administration's foreign policy agenda, officials said.
Those strains were on display this past weekend when Tillerson said, to the White House's surprise, that the U.S. is attempting diplomatic talks with North Korea.
Trump quickly took the opposite position, writing on Twitter “I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that they are wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man...,” using their latest epithet for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
“...Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!” Trump added in a second tweet.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Appears to Undermine New U.S.-North Korea Diplomatic Channel 0:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Asked whether the president still has confidence in Tillerson, White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said Monday that they do.
Trump has already seen an unusually high level of turnover in their administration, with the departures of their national security adviser, deputy national security adviser, their chief of staff, press secretary, communications director — twice — their chief strategist, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the acting head of the Justice Department. Last Friday Trump accepted the resignation of Tom Price, the Health and Human Services secretary.
One senior administration official described late July as “a tough period of time” for Tillerson. Their frustrations appeared to mount in the preceding weeks. Trump publicly undermined Tillerson in June over a dispute between Qatar and other Persian Gulf states, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. Tillerson had called on the countries to ease their blockade of Qatar, yet just hours later Trump said the Saudi-led effort was necessary.
Tillerson also pushed Trump to certify in July that Iran was complying with the 2015 nuclear deal.
Tillerson has been at odds with Trump on other issues as well, arguing against sanctions on Venezuela and reportedly suggesting Israel return to the U.S. $75 million in aid. Tillerson also is seeking to use the implementation of arms deals Trump struck with Saudi Arabia and the UAE as leverage to prod the two countries to resolve the dispute with Qatar, according to U.S. and Arab officials.
Administration officials speculate that Tillerson would be succeeded by Haley if Tillerson were to depart.
Tillerson's tenure has been rocky from the start. They were confirmed by a Republican-led Senate on 56-to-43 vote. That represents the most votes against a secretary of state in Senate history.
Since then, Tillerson, the former chief executive of ExxonMobil, has been slow to fill jobs within their department and appears to have alienated officials in the White House, the Cabinet and Congress.
They have become known for being difficult to reach and tends to take their time returning phone calls, administration and congressional officials said. Congressional Republicans balked at their proposed cuts to the State Department budget.
“It's hard to get them to return phone calls,” a senior Republican congressional aide said of Tillerson. “It's hard to get them to answer letters.”
Hammond said Tillerson is quick to return calls and respond to lawmakers.
Tillerson has clashed with the president's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, who has a broad portfolio that includes policies in the Middle East, officials said.
A second White House official downplayed any tensions between Tillerson and Kushner, noting that Kushner's efforts on an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement are run through the relevant agencies and that a State Department representative went on their most recent trip to the region.
A third White House official disputed the notion that Tillerson has alienated people in the White House, Cabinet and Congress.
Trump's July 24 speech at the Boy Scouts gathering struck a political tone unusual for the event, with the president talking about their electoral victory and the “cesspool” of Washington. They also joked about firing their Health and Human Services secretary if congressional Republicans didn't pass a health care bill. The head of the Boy Scouts later apologized for the political tone of the speech.
Tillerson is an Eagle Scout and a former president of the Boy Scouts. They had appeared at the gathering just three days before Trump. Hammond, their spokesperson, said Tillerson was not upset with Trump's speech. They said Tillerson told them that at the end of the day the scouts are going to remember that the president came to speak at their event, and their parents can answer any questions they might have about the message they delivered.
It's unclear if the latest disagreement between the White House and Tillerson on North Korea spells an end to the late-July reset.
Nicholas Burns, former undersecretary of state for political affairs under President George W. Bush, said Trump “completely undercut Tillerson” with their tweets.
“This was a direct public, I thought, repudiation of what Tillerson said,” Burns said. “It feeds the perception that Tillerson does not have a trusting relationship with the president, and that's very harmful.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Several of Madonna's personal items, including the letter that ended the pop icon's relationship with rap legend Tupac Shakur, belong to an auction house and can be sold, a Manhattan judge ruled on Monday.
The items were originally up for bid last year, but the singer filed a temporary restraining order against New York auction house Gotta Have Rock and Roll to halt the sale, according to Reuters.
Madonna said in court documents that they were not aware until reading press reports that many of the items listed for auction, including the letter from their former boyfriend Shakur, were no longer in their possession, Reuters reported.
This is a 1993 file photo of Tupac Shakur. AP file
On Monday, Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Gerald Lebovits ruled that Gotta Have Rock had the right to sell the items, including the letter which went for a starting bid of $100,000 in 2017.
“We did substantial due diligence when we took all the Madonna items for auction. We were confident that Madonna had no claim whatsoever, and the judge clearly agreed with us,” said the co-owners of "Gotta Have Rock and Roll," Ed Kosinski & Pete Siegel.
Other items that can now be auctioned include a pair of Madonna's panties, an old checkbook, a hairbrush,personal photos and another letter, in which they talked about singer Whitney Houston and actor Sharron Stone.
The items will go back up for sale in July. NBC News was not immediately able to reach representatives for Madonna.
In a six-team league there's no room for mistakes and some sides are already under pressure.
You could be looking at Dublin and the loser of Clare or Kilkenny in Cusack Park as the relegation play-off candidates already.
Those three still have to play Tipperary.
After the first round of games you'd find it hard to see how Dublin won't be in the bottom two, then it's a toss up between the other five how the results go. It's a real four-pointer in Ennis.
Rebel Yell
I was very impressed with Cork against Clare. Alan Cadogan led by example with four points in the first half and the new guy Shane Kingston gets the ball, gets the head down and tries to take on their man, which is what a forward should be looking to do.
They're young and they're only going to get better once the ground gets harder. They're an up and coming team by the looks of it.
It looks like two teams going the opposite way but Dublin put out a very young side on Saturday night.
Up against the All-Ireland champions in Croke Park was always going to be a tough ask but I was surprised by how easily Tipperary beat them.
Ger Cunningham will be very worried. They started well but then just seemed to fall away and it's a tough ask for them to go to Cork on Saturday night.
I fully expect Cork to win that game, which would put them into a very strong position going into the next round.
Cats' claws blunted
The new Kilkenny lads that came in found the going tough against a very good Waterford team.
Brian Cody might give them another chance to put their hand in the ring but they're very dependent on TJ Reid and Richie Hogan as forwards and if either of those two are held it makes scoring very difficult for Kilkenny.
They only scored four goals in last year's League campaign and didn't even test Ian O'Regan on Sunday, whereas Eoin Murphy always seems to be pulling off two or three great saves at the other end.
Kilkenny teams of old would have always gone for the jugular early on and tried to put the opposition under pressure but they never looked like scoring a goal last Sunday.
Colin Fennelly coming back will add that bit of pace and goal threat to the full-forward line, but you still need more guys to step up to the plate.
I was shocked to see Padraig Walsh at full-back. I'd like to see them further out the field in the half-forward line. He'd nearly guarantee you three or four points a game.
Sunday's game against Clare is going to be huge. Whoever loses is probably going to be facing into a relegation battle so it's a massive game for both teams.
I still think Kilkenny probably showed that little bit more than Clare did, which might tip it in their favour, but Ennis is not an easy place to go to.
Clare will be hugely disappointed with how they performed against Cork. Having the Ballyea guys on board, I thought they'd be a lot stronger than they were.
Joint managers Donal Moloney and Gerry O'Connor are going to have a lot of thinking to do over what team they put out on Sunday.
If they're on zero points after two games it makes it very difficult.
Toppling Tipp
I was also impressed with Waterford. Their touch was good, though they've apparently been focusing on physical training, and they still have the Hurler of the Year Austin Gleeson to come back.
Their full-forward line caused Kilkenny a lot of problems and it'll be interesting to see how Tipp cope with them.
It's in Walsh Park, a tight enough field and the ground is always heavy. I think it'll suit Waterford. I'd expect it to be a rip-roaring game that the hosts might just sneak.
They showed great resolve coming to Nowlan Park and winning there for the first time since 2008.
Some of Tipp's new guys showed up really well though.
Aidan McCormack's five points from play was a serious contribution and Jason Forde (1-03) also went well. Seamus Callanan was held scoreless and yet they put up a huge total anyway so they're still the team to beat.
Padraic Maher was outstanding. He's started where they left off last season and making them captain was a really clever move by Michael Ryan as he's a born leader and that extra responsibility will eke that little bit more out of him.
Davy's Model Army
I didn't think Wexford beating an under-strength Limerick was a huge shock, especially in Wexford Park. They always find an extra 10% there.
It puts them in a good position going into this weekend. They're away to Galway and at this stage you're probably saying it's the decider for who is going to go up.
If Wexford were to get a result it would put them in a very strong position but Galway brushed Offaly aside at the weekend and you'd still fancy them at home.
If Galway gets over that then you're looking at them being promoted straight back up to Division 1A and the competitive stepping stone of the League quarter-finals.
I don't think Wexford are overhyped I must say. Davy will bring a different dynamic to them. Last week they set up with a sweeper, similar to their days in Clare.
If they get past the Leinster round-robin team, as they should, it sets up a real ding-dong Leinster semi-final against Kilkenny at Wexford Park in June.
Floyd Mayweather said in an Instagram post on Tuesday that he's made no deal to fight either UFC star Conor McGregor or any other fighter, reiterating that he's happily retired.
The post came shortly after UFC President Dana White tweeted that, "no deal is even close to being done."?
Earlier Tuesday, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith said he'd spoken with Mayweather on Saturday while both were attending the NBA game in Oklahoma City vs. the Golden State Warriors. Mayweather told Smith then that ""we're getting very, very close" to the superfight.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was “something that was needed to be said.”
The coach said Friday they think the apology “was well said and well put” and hopes “we can move forward from and start again. … Hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward.”
Newton made their remarks Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, “What I did was extremely unacceptable” and that they have “really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
They haven't directly apologized to Rodrigue.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Selena Gomez's “Bad Liar” now has a music video. Gomez plays not only their own character in the video, but also the character's mother, the school principal, and a blonde woman. The song features a sample from Talking Heads' “Psycho Killer,” and David Byrne even said they liked it.
At the end of the video, Gomez teases something new titled “Fetish.” Read our review of “Bad Liar” and watch the music video below.
Is this dog look embarrassed to you?
Shed Defender is meant to prevent excessive shedding, vacuuming once a day can be annoying.
No More Ridin' Dirty… keep your car clean with the #ShedDefender A post shared by ShedDefender (@sheddefender) on Mar 3, 2017 at 9:49am PST
They come in various colors and could be useful in the winter to keep these lil' guys warm.
Merry Christmas to all 🐶🎄⛄️ Repost @redat9k JAX in the Christmas spirit rocking that shed defender #sheddefender A post shared by ShedDefender (@sheddefender) on Dec 25, 2016 at 6:32am PST
They kinda look like “long johns.” Don't worry, of course there's a trap pee door…
Keep the adorable family snaps coming, Pink!
The 37-year-old singer has been taking to Instagram to share super cute photos of their 5-month-old son, Jameson, gracing the camera with huge grins.
"He thinks what I have to say is really interesting and groundbreaking," Pink joked on Wednesday.
PIC: Pink and Daughter Willow Hug it Out on 'Beauty and the Beast' Movie Date
Clearly, the singer can't get enough of their happy baby boy. On Monday, they shared a pic of them rocking a red sweater with a rainbow patch, celebrating Pride Month.
"I'm a day late but I'm cute so it doesn't matter. #happypride," they wrote.
The "Just Like Fire" singer has been busy spending quality time with their family lately. Last week, they went camping with husband Carey Hart along with their children, including Jameson's big sister, 6-year-old Willow.
WATCH: Pink Shares Sweet Photo of Son Jameson on 'Spring Break'
The Hart family is definitely a fan of the great outdoors. In April, the always candid singer shared a pic of themselves breastfeeding baby Jameson during a hike.
Watch below:
Related Articles
Dairyland Power to purchase 80MW power from Barton wind farm in US
Dairyland Power Cooperative will begin purchasing 80MW of renewable energy from the Barton Wind Farm in Kensett, Iowa, US.
Dairyland has reached a power purchase agreement with Avangrid Renewables (Portland, Ore.) which owns and operates the Barton Wind Farm. It is located in north-central Iowa and has been in service since 2009. The Barton Wind Farm has a capacity of 160 MW of wind energy, of which Dairyland will purchase 80 MW—enough renewable energy to power more than 19,000 homes.
“Dairyland's Vision is to exceed expectations as a safe, sustainable, premier power cooperative. Resource diversification is a key component of that commitment to our cooperative membership. Growth in wind and solar supports Dairyland's strategic direction to diversify, and we are very pleased to expand our renewable energy portfolio with the Barton Wind Farm,” said John Carr, Dairyland Vice President, Strategic Planning.
This agreement is a result of Dairyland's participation in National Renewable Cooperative Organization (NRCO). Dairyland is a founding member of NRCO, an organization of cooperatives seeking to promote the development of renewable energy resources. “The strategic alliance with NRCO brings opportunities to all cooperative members through joint support of renewable energy projects,” said Carr.
This is Dairyland's second major wind energy investment in recent months. In 2016, Dairyland announced a power purchase agreement for the 98 MW Quilt Block Wind Farm. Dairyland will purchase the entire output of the Quilt Block Wind Farm from EDP Renewables. Quilt Block is under construction near Platteville in southwest Wisconsin, and is expected to come online in late 2017.
Source: Company Press Release
Ile-Ife crisis: Trial of suspects begins in court
Weeks after the Clash in Ile-Ife, Osun State, the trial of Oba Ademola Ademiluyi; Pastor Taiwo Fakowajo and four other suspects arrested in connection with the March 8 clash between some Hausa persons and Yoruba began before Justice Kudirat Akano of Osun State High Court on Wednesday. The suspects, who were brought to the court …
The post Ile-Ife crisis: Trial of suspects begins in court appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
NEW YORK (AP) — Just days before the Super Bowl, John Mellencamp sank to their knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after performing a political ballad on the “Late Show With Stephen Colbert.”
The singer-songwriter sang the violin-and-piano dirge “Easy Target,” with the lyrics “In the street and the gutters/ The cotton fields in this land/ Here's an easy target.” At the end, they knelt and lifted their right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
Former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started the kneeling movement at the national anthem to protest racial inequality and police mistreatment of black males. The protests prompted President Donald Trump to say players should be fired for not standing during the anthem.
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
BREAKING: ALL PARTY MEETING IN DARJEELING ON FEBRUARY 8 GTA chairperson Mr. Binay Tamang has just announced the next All Party Meeting is scheduled to be held in Darjeeling on February 8, during the Chief Minister four days visit in Darjeeling. 826 total views, 826 views today Comments comments 826 total views, 826 views today
Darjeeling Tea production falls 65% low Darjeeling Tea has lost over 65% of its production in 2017 according to data published by the Tea Board of India. The Total tea production in Darjeeling was 8.13 Million kilos in 2016, however, it has been decreased to 2.82 Million kilos in 2017. 829 total views, 829 views today Comments comments 829 total views, 829 views today
GJMM trade union threats GJMM trade union has threatened to stop dispatch the first flush tea from the gardens of the hills if bonus dues are not paid immediately. As agreed to pay the bonus 19.75% last year, however, only half of the bonus has been paid to the workers so far. 838 total views, […] 838 total views, 838 views today
JAP activists detained in Delhi JAP activists were detained for breaking the security barricade in New Delhi during their ongoing dharna for Gorkhaland on Thursday, activists were released later in the day. 852 total views, 852 views today Comments comments 852 total views, 852 views today
PENSACOLA, Fla. — President Donald Trump didn't have to set foot in Alabama Friday night to cast their shadow deep into the state and its hotly contested special Senate election.
Just four days before voters go to the polls, at a rally about 15 miles from the Alabama border, Trump delivered their most full-throated endorsement yet of Republican candidate Roy Moore.
"We need somebody in that Senate seat who will vote for our Make America Great Again agenda,” Trump said, listing items such as combating crime and illegal immigration, nominating conservative judges to the federal bench, protecting gun-owners' rights and creating "jobs, jobs, jobs," as priorities. "So get out and vote for Roy Moore."
The president echoed those sentiments in a Saturday morning tweet.
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night. We can't have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat, Jones, in that important Alabama Senate seat. Need your vote to Make America Great Again! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2017
While they are not expected to appear in public with Moore, who has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls, Trump will physically bracket Alabama before Tuesday's election. On Saturday, they plan to participate in a ceremony for the opening of a civil rights museum in Jackson, Mississippi, the state immediately to the west of Alabama.
In short, it will be almost impossible for Alabama voters to miss Trump — and their support for Moore — this weekend.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Donald Trump rallies for Roy Moore with special election only days away 2:31 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Related: Mystery money floods Alabama in Senate race's final days
What they'll see, hear and read are clips of Trump taking credit for the rising stock market, job growth, the turning back of ISIS, a tax-cut bill that they described as a “Christmas present” to the American people and efforts to spend more on the military. They'll also be bombarded with Trump's thoughts on their own adversaries — “MS-13 animals,” the media and congressional Democrats — and Moore's opponent, Democrat Doug Jones.
"We can't afford to have a liberal Democrat who is completely controlled by [House Minority Leader] Nancy Pelosi and [Senate Minority Leader] Chuck Schumer," Trump said to boos. "His name is Jones and he's their total puppet."
By tying Jones to top Democrats in Washington, Trump attempted to remind Republicans of the policy stakes of the election.
“We cannot afford, the future of this country cannot afford to lose the seat,” Trump said, referring to their party's razor-thin 52-48 advantage in the Senate.
They accused Democrats of trying to “hold troop funding hostage for amnesty” as they try to use a year-end spending deal to protect immigrants who were brought to the U.S. as children from being deported.
Playing to the white evangelical Christians who form the most loyal base that Trump and Moore share, the president spoke in stark terms about God, country and a battle between good and evil, casting themselves and their supporters in the role of heroes.
Americans don't worship government, Trump said, "we worship God."
"We believe that every American should stand for the national anthem," they said.
And, they added, he's fighting “bad and evil people” who have made their living in Washington.
Responding to chants of "lock them up" from the crowd, the president denounced America's "rigged system."
"This is a sick system from the inside," Trump said. "And you know there's no country like our country but we have a lot of sickness in some of our institutions and we're working very hard."
Trump's marriage of those themes was underscored by several large American flags and gigantic signs with green and red typeface featuring a Trump-Pence logo and the words “Merry Christmas."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump urges Alabama voters to send Roy Moore to Congress 2:21 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
While the nearly 80-minute address had the feel of a campaign stump speech — a testing out of themes and phrases for the 2020 election — it was the punchy and passionate case they made for Moore that held the most importance for their party and their agenda in the short term.
They tried to bolster Moore's defense that they did nothing inappropriate by pointing to the acknowledgment by one accuser, Beverly Young Nelson, that they added notes to the bottom of a yearbook message they say was written by Moore when they were in school and they were an adult.
"How many people here are from the great state of Alabama?” Trump asked to applause and hooting. “I have to say this. Did you see what happened today? You know the yearbook? Did you see that? There was a little mistake made. They started writing things in the yearbook.”
Nelson added the date and location below the yearbook message, and "added that to remind themselves who Roy Moore was and when and where they signed their yearbook," their attorney, Gloria Allred, said at a news conference Friday.
Nelson said at the news conference that the message and signature are Moore's. “I want everybody to know that I stand by my previous statement, that Roy Moore sexually assaulted me," they said Friday.
Trump also reserved mention for Allred, saying “Anytime you see her, you know something's gone wrong.”
Allred is representing Summer Zervos, the former "Apprentice" contestant who says Trump sexually assaulted them in 2007, in a defamation lawsuit against the president.
The result? Folks that viewed the ocean VR experienced "significantly less pain" than the other two groups, showing its therapeutic potential for stressful events. Furthermore, follow ups showed that the coastal VR patients experienced less "recalled pain" memories after the fact.
Notably, the city VR was no more effective at reducing patient pain and stress than no VR, so the trick seems to depend on using calming scenes. While that seems incredibly obvious, the psychologists thought VR could just be distracting patients from all the drilling and poking, much as a TV does, but that proved not to be the case. "Our findings are in line with literature, showing that contact with nature, even indirect contact through windows, can influence physical and mental well-being," the paper explains.
The researchers note that in previous studies, VR has been shown to reduce patient dependence on pain medication. "Our research supports the previous positive findings of VR distraction in acute pain management, and suggests that VR nature can be used in combination with traditional [medication]." The next step, they suggest, would be to vary the content of natural environments (using a forest instead of a coastal scene, for instance) to see if the can determine exactly how it reduces pain. We'd recommend they check out the zen content out there, and avoid any games.
Uncle Sam needs some help collecting unpaid taxes, so the Internal Revenue Service will now use private companies to tackle this growing backlog of debt.
The IRS announced earlier this month that it's hired four debt collection agencies to round up outstanding payments from taxpayers who've been contacted numerous times and still haven't paid.
The new private debt collection program is starting off slowly: At first, just a few hundred taxpayers a week will receive mailings and subsequent phone calls. That will grow to thousands of people a week later in the spring and summer.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Last-minute tax tips: What you need to know to lower your bill 3:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
These debt collectors won't simply call people out of the blue. Taxpayers with overdue tax bills will always receive several collection notices from the IRS through the mail before their accounts are turned over to the private collectors. The collection agencies will then send a letter of their own, informing the taxpayer that their account has been transferred to them. These companies must clearly identify themselves as working for the IRS in all communications.
"The IRS is taking steps throughout this effort to ensure that the private collection firms work responsibly and respect taxpayer rights," said IRS Commissioner John Koskinen in a statement. "The IRS also urges taxpayers to be on the lookout for scammers who might use this program as a cover to trick people."
The IRS says it will not assign accounts to private collection agencies involving certain types of taxpayers, including: minors, those in combat zones, victims of tax-related identity theft, accounts that are subject to installment agreements or classified as an innocent spouse case.
Related: IRS Warns Tax Refunds May Be Delayed for Some Americans
Like all debt collectors, those contracted to recover back taxes must follow the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act which spells out when they can call, whom they can call, and what they can and cannot say. The IRS told NBC News these private collectors will not use robocalls to contact taxpayers.
The IRS did not decide to do this on its own. Congress required the agency to use private-sector debt collectors as a way to help fund road improvement projects, when it passed the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act in 2015.
Some IRS employees are opposed to private debt collection. Tony Reardon, president of the National Treasury Employees Union, said in a statement that they expect the result will be "collection agents getting paid to harass taxpayers, many of whom need assistance, not threats."
Consumer Groups Worried
"There are so many reasons why it's a bad idea that the IRS has been forced to use private debt collectors," said Chi Chi Wu, staff attorney with the National Consumer Law Center. "They're the most complained about industry to the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. All too often, consumers are being mistreated by debt collectors and now taxpayers are at risk of that in the collection of tax debt."
Wu told NBC News they are very concerned that most of the taxpayers who will be contacted by these private collectors are well below the poverty level. A lot of these people may be eligible for special IRS programs, such as offers in compromise or not collectible status, Wu said. And they worry private collectors won't tell people about these options.
"The collectors don't have any incentive to do that because they get paid a commission for every dollar they bring in. Their main incentive is to collect money, come hell or high water," Wu told NBC News. "We're concerned that some of these vulnerable taxpayers will agree to pay more than they can afford and more than they should be paying given the availability of these programs."
Suzanne Martindale, staff attorney at Consumers Union, the policy and action division of Consumer Reports, has similar concerns.
"When you outsource the work of the government to private companies without simultaneously having a strong oversight program to make sure these firms are treating people fairly, you run into problems," Martindale said. "The incentive there could be strong to be very aggressive. They're not working for you, they're working for the government and the government wants its money and that's a big part of the problem."
NBC News contacted the four collection companies hired by the IRS: CBE, ConServe, Performant and Pioneer Credit Recovery. We wanted to ask them about these concerns and what procedures they have in place to prevent abuses.
Only Pioneer responded. The corporate communications department pointed us to a page on their website that tells people to expect "fair treatment and quality service." The company goes on to say that a collection agent will "confirm you are aware of your rights as a taxpayer under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, as we comply with debt collection rules and consumer protections."
Related: Student Loan Collector Navient Sued for Overcharging Borrowers
Pioneer is a subsidiary of Navient, the nation's largest servicer of student loans. In January, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau sued both companies, charging that they "illegally cheated many struggling borrowers out of their rights to lower repayments, which caused them to pay much more than they had to for their loans." Navient insists the allegations are false, and said it vows to vigorously defend them.
A Golden Opportunity for Scammers
Consumer advocates warn that the use of private debt collectors will lead to confusion and could make it easier for scammers — who already extort money by pretending to be IRS agents — to steal even more money.
"From a fraud standpoint, I'm very worried about this," said Susan Grant, director of consumer protection at the Consumer Federation of America. "We've always warned not to believe anybody who calls you claiming to be from the IRS because the IRS doesn't call trying to collect delinquent taxes. And now, people will be calling."
The IRS is well aware of the fraud problem and it promises to do everything it can to help taxpayers avoid confusion and understand their rights.
The Federal Trade Commission told NBC News it plans to update its warnings about IRS imposter scammers because of the new debt collection program. But there are still some simple ways to tell if the call is a legitimate private debt company or a fraudster. It's a scam if the caller:
Is very aggressive or threatens you in any way with arrest or someone coming to your house
Tries to pressure you to make immediate payment
Asks for your credit or debit card information
Requests payment via gift cards — including Amazon and iTunes — prepaid debit cards or a wire transfer.
"A legitimate private debt collection company will instruct you to send a check made out to the U.S. Treasury directly to the IRS, "said Janice Kopek, an attorney with FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection. "You should not pay that debt collection company. Go to the IRS payments page. Never send a payment for federal taxes to anyone other than the IRS."
You can find more information about your debt collection rights, spotting fake debt collectors and tax scams online. Anyone who has an issue with a private debt collector working for the IRS can file a complaint with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration or with the Federal Trade Commission.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. — Von Miller publicly pleaded with John Elway to sign free agent quarterback Kirk Cousins this off-season only to see the Denver Broncos GM reel in Case Keenum instead.
So, Miller isn't offering their boss any advice on who to grab with the No. 5 pick in the NFL draft.
“I'm cool with whatever they do with that pick,” Miller said.
So is Keenum, who swears he'll be OK if Elway decides to draft a quarterback at 5 just six weeks after luring them to Denver with a two-year, $36 million deal that includes $25 million in guarantees.
“Whoever comes in, I'll be looking for them to help us be a better football team. No matter what position it is,” said Keenum, who's already been declared the starter by coach Vance Joseph.
The Broncos haven't selected this high since Elway chose Miller second overall in 2011.
If Elway sidesteps the deep class of quarterbacks, he'll have their choice of blue chippers that would provide immediate help to Keenum and Miller whereas a quarterback most likely wouldn't play until 2019.
“Life is too short to rebuild in the NFL,” Elway declared this spring.
If, however, they have fallen in love with one of the hyped-but-hazardous QB prospects and that man is still on the board when the Broncos are on the clock, it's a good bet Elway will grab them even though they just signed Keenum.
Elway and their lieutenants spent countless hours studying the “Big Four ” passers — Baker Mayfield, Josh Allen, Sam Darnold and Josh Rosen — over the past several months, sending contingents to pro days, coaching Allen and Mayfield at the Senior Bowl, bringing them in for two-day visits and interviewing them at the combine.
Maybe that was all a smoke screen, maybe not.
Maybe they love one of them, maybe they don't.
Elway has done a good job of hiding their intentions, saying only that he'll take “the best player that is best for the Denver Broncos” regardless of what position they play.
“I'm open to trading,” too, Elway added, although it would certainly take a blow-me-away offer for them to move out of the fifth spot in a draft so deep in high-level, even generational talent outside the enticing quarterback group.
Elway always tries to fill their biggest needs in free agency so they won't have to reach in the draft and can simply take the best player. Signing Keenum gave them that safeguard this year.
Elway won't have to settle for anything less than the QB atop their wish list, and if he's not there, Elway can bypass the quarterbacks altogether to grab a prime playmaker at another position.
RUN ON RUNNING BACKS
Elway suggested the Broncos will dive into the deep pool of running backs after releasing sixth-year pro C.J. Anderson last week.
“It's a deep running back class as I'm sure you've heard,” Elway said. “We feel good about the fact that we'll be able to get a good one.”
KUBIAK COMEBACK
Gary Kubiak, Elway's former backup, play-caller and head coach who returned to the team in a scouting role last summer has a much bigger role in drawing up the Broncos' draft blueprints.
“Gary is a very good evaluator,” Elway said. “He has suggestions and theirs are very important and those go into the pot.”
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
Since former GM Brian Xanders' departure in 2012, Elway hasn't drafted a single Pro Bowl player. Only the Saints and Browns join Denver in that ignominious category.
Elway's best pick since assuming more power was CB Bradley Roby at No. 31 in 2014. But their other top selections include Sylvester Williams, Shane Ray, Paxton Lynch and Garett Bolles. Their second-round record is even spottier: Montee Ball, Cody Latimer, Ty Sambrailo, Adam Gotsis and DeMarcus Walker.
Center Matt Paradis, a sixth-round gem in 2014, is just about their only bargain in Elway's past five drafts.
A bounce-back season in 2018 might very well come down to Elway having a draft as they did with Xanders in 2011, when they teamed up to pick Miller, Rahim Moore, Orlando Franklin, Nate Irving, Julius Thomas and Virgil Green.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
——
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Every war bears a human face, and last August the face of Syria's war became that of Omran Daqneesh – bloody cheeks, covered in debris, eyes wide with shock and their tiny slumped frame in an orange ambulance seat. It's an image that woke up the world. At just 5 years old, Omran became the symbol for civilian suffering in a war older than they are.
The young boy had just been rescued from the rubble, alongside their parents and three siblings, and was being taken to a hospital following an airstrike on their then-rebel-held neighborhood of Qaterji in Aleppo. An hour later that building collapsed. Three days later, their 10-year-old brother Ali died when a bomb struck the street they were playing in.
Today, the Bashar Assad regime has their family under lock and key, according to photojournalist and opposition activist Mahmoud Raslan, who snapped that haunting portrait of Omran.
“I lost contact with the family of Omran when we were forced out of Aleppo last year. The Assad militia had arrived and their family was guarded under house arrest where they could not be reached by the Western media,” the 29-year-old photographer – who gave up their profession as a pastry chef to document the conflict that started in early 2011 – told Fox News. “Their residence was changed and they were put under security.”
Raslan, whose claims could not be independently verified, said that their last communication with a relative of the family was in February and that this relative affirmed the family remained under house arrest. Raslan said they have not been able to reach that relative in recent weeks. The media appears not to have documented Omran's whereabouts since the ensuing days after the attack. In December, the Financial Times reported that their whereabouts was unknown.
The photographer explained simply that the Syrian president's regime does not want the family speaking out. When asked to respond to the photograph weeks later during an interview with Swiss media, President Assad asserted that it was a “forged picture and not a real one.” However, an interview with Russia Today, their wife Asma acknowledged the little boy by name and questioned why children in the Alawite village of Zara, which was assaulted by Al-Qaeda linked groups last May, were not afforded the same media attention.
Nonetheless, the sudden attention on the now iconic photograph last year also fast became fodder for theories that the anti-Assad photographer themselves fraternized with terrorist factions. But Raslan, who vows that all they want is freedom from regime oppression, takes such speculation – as well as the phony photo narrative – with a grain of salt.
“The whole world saw Omran and learned about them and their tragedy, which is not false. I am fully prepared to sit in front of Bashar Assad and call out their lies,” they said. “I was in there in Aleppo and we were bombarded by air raids. I was there with my lens and I have a full archive of footage.”
Other activists have also claimed to have captured footage and photographs of the traumatized child in the ambulance that night.
The viral image of Omran ignited not only an immediate awareness of the dire situation in Syria, but was also a bump in donations for major NGOs operating in the area. Raslan said that the attention devoted to the video and photograph did not change their lives and they did not get any prize for it, but it “helped the world to witness the crimes of the government.”
“I think photography sometimes stops Assad a little bit because of the intensity of the international pressure, after the world sees these massacres,” they noted.
LIFE IN WAR-TORN SYRIA: BOMB BLASTS AND NO UTILITIES, BUT COFFINS ARE FREE
SYRIA EVACUATION POSTPONED AFTER BLAST KILLS 80 KIDS
Raslan remembers that night vividly: The razed six-floor building that Omran's family once called home, the bleeding bodies, the chaos and crying as survivors swarmed to medical staff for help. But, they emphasized, Omran's condition was a “unique case” and after shooting some video, they stopped to take some stills.
“Omran was in the ambulance exhausted, very shocked at the fall of the rocket near him. When I capture many of the children, they are crying and screaming,” Raslan recalled. “But Omran was silent, which distinguished them from the rest of children that day.”
And it struck an extra chord close to home.
“When Omran was bombed, I thought of my child who was only four days old,” they continued. “I lived in Aleppo and I suffer what everyone suffers there. After that night, we were forced out of Aleppo and into a bigger disaster. I lost my home, my land, my neighborhood, my neighbors, my everything.”
But that night on the job is just one of many for Raslan to fold into memory as the 6-year civil war drags on, with little end in sight.
“I wished that the picture would have stopped the bombing,” they added. “But still, I want the world to know that there are thousands of Omrans suffering. I want the world to see all the children who are being bombed.”
Hollie McKay has been a FoxNews.com staff reporter since 2007. They have reported extensively from the Middle East on the rise and fall of terrorist groups such as ISIS in Iraq. Follow them on Twitter at @holliesmckay
