March 31 Smart Employee Benefits Inc-
* SEB reports fourth quarter and full year results
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - revenue from continuing operations for Q4 $24.3 million
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - it is expected by 2019 non-cash amortization costs will no longer be a material negative impact on earnings
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - "SEB consolidated is well positioned for growth in both revenue and cash flow in fiscal 2017" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
When Mariano Rajoy addresses parliament on Thursday to defend themselves against a no-confidence motion, it won't be the first time in their nearly seven-year tenure that the Spanish prime minister's position has looked in jeopardy.
The loss of their parliamentary majority in a general election in 2015 led many observers to predict the end of their premiership. Yet after months of political paralysis, they won a rerun of the election and formed a new government, albeit a minority one.
In addition, for the last half-decade, Rajoy (63) and their conservative Popular Party (PP) have been fending off serious corruption allegations, which have led to embarrassing headlines and, last summer, an unsuccessful no-confidence vote triggered by the leftist Podemos against their government.
But while their ability to ride those storms has earned the prime minister a reputation as a stubborn survivor, this upcoming parliamentary motion could be a challenge too far for the Galician.
“For the first time, the desire for change [in parliament] appears greater than the desire to avoid instability, which had been the factor keeping Rajoy in power until now,” said José Fernández-Albertos, a political scientist at the National Research Council.
The motion has been brought by the Socialist Party, which says a high court sentence last week implicating the PP in a kickbacks-for-contracts network makes Rajoy and their party unfit to govern.
Most other parties seem to agree, although the result of the motion, which is due to be voted on come Friday, is still unclear.
The stakes are raised by the fact that if the Socialist initiative wins, the party's leader, Pedro Sánchez, will automatically become prime minister. Rajoy has dismissed the move as being driven by Sánchez's personal ambition, warning that the forces that might vote to remove them from power would result in a “Frankenstein government”.
Economic argument
On Wednesday, in the final congressional session before the no-confidence motion debate begins, Rajoy accused the opposition of being “Torquemadas” and they highlighted the need for political stability in order to keep Spain's economic growth on track. Rajoy sees their supervision of the country's economic recovery as their main achievement. The domestic turmoil of recent days, along with that in Italy, has unsettled Spanish markets.
But while last week's court sentence has left Rajoy isolated, Spain's fragmented political landscape and territorial crisis complicate Sánchez's attempts to gather the 176 votes they need in the 350-seat chamber.
They appear to have the support of Podemos, but in order to secure the absolute majority required, they will also need the backing of Catalan and Basque nationalists.
Catalan pro-independence parties welcome the opportunity to remove Rajoy, who introduced direct rule in their region in October and has steadfastly refused to discuss with them the possibility of holding a referendum on secession. But they also have reservations about Sánchez, who has labelled the new, pro-independence Catalan president, Quim Torra, a “supremacist” and compared them to French far-right leader Marine Le Pen.
Torra performed a U-turn on Tuesday, which should prompt the Spanish government to lift direct rule in Catalonia: they replaced four contentious choices as regional ministers, all of whom are in exile or in jail, with candidates who are more acceptable to Madrid.
However, there is still a degree of resistance within the Socialist Party itself to the idea of winning a parliamentary motion with the help of separatists. “Right now, the [Catalan] independence movement worries me a lot more than whatever the PP has stolen,” said Socialist veteran Juan Carlos Rodríguez Ibarra.
Even if the Catalan secessionist parties do support the motion, the five seats of the moderate Basque Nationalist Party (PNV) are expected to have the final say.
General election
Sánchez has said that if they win, they are willing to call a general election, although they have not specified when. The only party confident of making electoral gains is Ciudadanos, whose strident unionism throughout the Catalan crisis has seen it soar into the lead in many national opinion polls.
Ciudadanos has ruled out supporting this no-confidence motion, instead calling for a snap election, a plan Podemos appears willing to support if Rajoy wins on Friday.
The Basque nationalists must weigh up all these issues as they decide how to cast their key vote. The PNV has little sympathy for Rajoy, but fears that if Ciudadanos ends up governing it will cut back long-standing financial privileges the Basque region has enjoyed from Madrid and further polarise the territorial debate.
With four parties now vying for power, Spain's parliament is more fractured than it has ever been since the return to democracy. Until now, that had prevented a coherent opposition from forming and allowed Rajoy to remain in control, despite their party's disintegrating credibility. But even if they get through Friday's vote, it looks as if the Spanish prime minister's knack of surviving could finally be about to fail him.
Embarrassed J-League officials issued an apology on Wednesday after announcing that Spanish World Cup winner Fernando Torres had completed a transfer to Japanese club Sagan Tosu.
But the leaked post, which was dated May 31 but hastily removed from the J-League's official website, could still signal Torres's arrival in Japan after speculation linking the former Liverpool striker with a move.
Before being deleted, the news was widely shared on social media, triggering rumours of a formal announcement from Kyushu-based Sagan.
Japan's professional football league, which was launched in 1993, welcomed Barcelona icon Andres Iniesta to rival club Vissel Kobe last week.
On its official Twitter feed the J-League apologised for the gaffe.
“We deeply apologise to staff and fans of Sagan Tosu for the misunderstanding,” officials tweeted.
Ex-Chelsea striker Torres, who scored the winner for Spain in Euro 2008 final and also won the 2010 World Cup and another European title in 2012, is leaving their boyhood club Atletico Madrid.
The 34-year-old has also been linked with a move to the Major League Soccer's Chicago Fire.
But Sagan, who are languishing second from bottom of the J-League first division, have emerged as a candidate to sign Torres as they look to ease their relegation fears.
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
Malta's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat takes part in a public dialogue meeting with the President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker on 'The Future of Europe' in light of Brexit at the National Museum of Archaeology in Valletta, Malta, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi
VALLETTA The euro zone will need to discuss the impact of the weaker British pound during Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union, the head of the EU's rotating presidency said on Wednesday, warning against advantages for London.
Malta's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said the remaining 27 EU governments, and especially the 19 sharing the euro currency, needed to mitigate any negative consequences stemming from the sharp drop in sterling since Britain's June 2016 vote to leave.
"There are consequences for everyone ... that are very obvious," Muscat told a news conference alongside Spain's prime minister Mariano Rajoy, speaking just after Britain formally notified the EU of its decision to leave.
"There is one that the countries of the euro area are experiencing, the change in the value of the pound sterling," they said, citing the higher prices of goods, services and holidays for Britons coming to the euro zone, of which Malta is a member.
"It's making some products less competitive for the Europeans, more competitive for the British," Muscat said.
They said the final agreement on a future relationship between the European Union and Britain must be inferior to full membership of the bloc.
Muscat said the euro zone would need to discuss the issue "not to come up with a fixed exchange rate but because some companies will need help", stressing that any proposals would be within EU limits on state aid.
The pound's dramatic fall to levels against the dollar not seen since the mid-1980s has made companies and citizens in both Britain and Europe fearful about the direction of the British currency.
Reuters most recent polling, covering expectations out to a year, runs from a German bank predicting a fall to around $1.05 to Investec's $1.35. British banking majors show a tighter range -- from $1.10 to $1.31. [GBP/POLL]
(Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Catherine Evans)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 Jordan Spieth was cruising along on their revenge tour of Augusta National when a late quadruple-bogey undid what had otherwise been a steady start to the U.S. Masters on Thursday for the former champion.
Shortly after safely navigating the par-three 12th -- site of the infamous collapse that cost Spieth the tournament last year -- the American world number six suddenly blew up at the par-five-15th after a poor club selection.
Spieth found water with their third shot, and then sailed their next one over the green before chipping on and three-putting for a nine after going birdie-bogey over their previous two holes.
"I didn't take my medicine and hit it with a club that takes the spin off," Spieth told reporters about their shot that landed on the green before sucking back down a slope and into the water.
"Instead, I was stuck in the '15's a birdie hole' mentality and it kind of bit me a little bit."
Spieth birdied the next hole en route to a three-over-par 75, six shots back of clubhouse leader William McGirt in the opening round of the year's first major.
Earlier, a locked-in Spieth stared down the fateful 12th hole amid swirling wind and sent their tee shot to the upper right edge of the green before turning to their caddie Michael Greller and letting out a large exhale.
The 23-year-old Texan, who last year hit successive shots into the waters of Rae's Creek in front of the 12th green, went on to make their seventh consecutive par.
"I was a bit surprised at how loud the cheer was when my ball ended about 35 feet away from the hole but I was relieved to see it down on the green," said Spieth.
"It was nice to make a three there and capture a four at the next and I really thought we had it going there and then just made a club choice mistake. But we're still in the tournament."
At the 18th hole, Spieth's approach landed in the lap of a woman sitting a few rows behind the green. After some laughter, the woman handed Spieth their ball and they got up-and-down for par.
"Played the last three holes well. Certainly tough conditions and I didn't drive the ball particularly well so I was playing from some difficult locations today," said Spieth. "Fortunately we're still in it."
(Editing by Andrew Both)
Established yarn processor, F Harding, is re-launching as Harding Yarns as part of a dynamic, strategic campaign to attract and boost the UK's manufacturing sector by supplying technical, industrial and cabled yarns to a whole range of businesses.
Harding Yarns' processing facility
Contact
Matthew Harding
01260 253600
***@f-harding.com Matthew Harding01260 253600
End
--The Harding link with yarn manufacturing dates back to 1949, when Frank Harding, the founder of the business, was winding silk for parachutes.Drawing on over 100 years of combined experience in the yarn industry, the Harding family still runs the business, but things have changed and are set to continue to do so."Yarns are an essential element in many different manufacturing areas, and we are positioning ourselves in the forefront when it comes to," Matthew Harding, spokesperson for Harding Yarns, states.It is for this reason that the company is rebranding itself and seeking to widen its customer base."We want our customers to appreciate the experience and heritage involved," Matthew explains, "but we also want them to see how important yarn processing is to modern manufacturing, and how we can make a valuable contribution to Britain's many diverse manufacturers."Harding Yarns quite literally contributes to the fabric of the UK's manufacturing base. Industrial yarns are essential in making such varied items as slings, seat belts, tyres, cables, dental care products, carpets, protective apparel, hoses and ropes."We definitely see ourselves as an essential part of the pre-manufacturing process" Matthew says, "supplying the essential materials that give manufacturers the opportunity to turn their concepts into reality."Bringing together a formidable breadth and depth of technical expertise with state-of-the-art, Harding Yarns can offer expert assistance and practical support to suppliers and customers searching for yarn solutions for their business needs."We see ourselves as a," Matthew continues, "Our worldwide network of contacts means we're able to quickly identify yarn supplies that match our customers' needs, at competitive prices. And with our advanced processing capacity, we can be sure to meet their production requirements."The role manufacturing plays - and can continue to develop - as part of the UK economy is often underestimated."There's a persistently pessimistic narrative about the decline of manufacturing in this country," Matthew observes. "We want to help turn this around by focussing our efforts on the many dynamic manufacturers who are working in the UK."According to the BBC, at the start of 2017, economists assessed manufacturing as being on a strong footing, with the weaker pound boosting overseas orders and the purchasing managers' index (PMI) indicating expansion in this sector."It's time to seize the opportunity,"Matthew states, "and help manufacturing in the UK become something people no longer perceive as being past its prime, but instead an essential contributor to a growing economy."As the UK's manufacturers increasingly turn to digitalisation and new technologies to help streamline supply chains, Matthew Harding wants Harding Yarns to be the go-to supplier servicing their needs for the materials to enable them to grow.Harding Yarns is based in Langley, near Macclesfield. The company specialises in yarn processing, manufacturing technical, industrial and cable yarns to supply a range of sectors. These include: aerospace, medical, industrial, energy and manufacturing.To discover more about Harding Yarns and how they benefit a wide range of sectors, please visit http://www.yarnsprocessing.co.uk/
It's been a long night for Christchurch residents. Here's what you need to know first thing this morning:
A state of emergency has been declared in Christchurch and Selwyn due to massive wild fires on the Port Hills, which have destroyed at least eight homes.
Evacuations:
Police and the Defence Force have spent the night evacuating residents.
This morning, residents near the Sign of the Takahe around Dyers Pass Rd were told to leave by police.
Earlier, residents on Long Hurst Terrace, off Dyers Pass Rd, were told to evacuate immediately.
Homes along Kennedys Bush, Cashmere and Hoon Hay Valley roads were being evacuated.
Homes from the Sign of the Takahe near Victoria Park were also being evacuated.
East Valley Rd and Worsley Rd have been evacuated.
There are reports of some 800-1000 people evacuating, with up to 400 forced to evacuate by authorities.
Evacuation centres:
Continued below.
Related Content Dom 'Furious' George: To tweet, or not to tweet Your views: Readers letters' Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as they has 'already been punished' on Twitter
Evacuation centres include; Selwyn Events Centre in Lincoln, Halswell Libary, Nga Hau e Wha Marae on Pages Rd, and Te Hapua Halswell Centre.
An evacuation housing Facebook page has also been created for displaced residents looking for accommodation.
Road closures:
Cashmere Rd is closed west of Kaiwara St through to Kennedys Bush Rd.
Worsley Rd is closed.
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed.
Kennedys Bush Rd is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track.
Worsley Track from Worsley Rd is closed.
Dyers Pass Rd is closed between Hackthorne Rd to Governors Bay Rd. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route.
Summit Rd is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track.
Old Tai Tapu Rd is closed between Osterholts Rd and Early Valley Rd.
Early Valley Rd is closed.
Holmes Rd is closed.
Weather:
The weather outlook for Christchurch, from Metservice;
Today: Fine apart from morning and evening cloud. Freshnortheast. Temps 14C-21C.
Tomorrow: Cloudy, occasional rain from afternoon. Northeasterly. Temps 15C-20C.
Saturday: Occasional rain. Northeasterlies. Temps 14C-20C.
Power:
Christchurch lines company Orion said more than 120 homes are without power.
Forty two homes are without power in Cashmere, 29 are without power in Westmorland, and two are without power in the Halswell, Sumner and Tai Tapu area.
Nineteen were already without power due to an outage in Governors Bay and part of Marley's Hill.
Thirty one were already without power due to two separate outages in Lansdowne and another part of Marley's Hill.
Another home has also been without power in Ilam.
Chorus has no reported outages.
Health:
People have been told to stay indoors to avoid smoke inhalation.
Dr Alistair Humphrey, Canterbury Medical Officer of Health has advised that anyone suffer respiratory issues contact their GP.
For up-to-date infoirmation, go to our blog or listen live to Newstalk ZB.
- NZ Herald
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta urged the opposition on Monday to avoid violent protests and take any complaints they have over last week's election to court.
Kenyatta also urged police to use restraint as they handled pockets of protests and anger that have erupted since they were announced winner of an August 8 vote, Reuters wrote.
"I truly believe there is no single Kenyan anywhere who wants to see violence, looting and demonstrations that end up destroying property. But if there are those who feel aggrieved and they are not willing to accept, there are also constitutionally laid down procedures," Kenyatta said.
HONG KONG Fosun International Ltd (0656.HK), China's largest private conglomerate, expects the departure of two top executives to have a short-term impact on its business, Chairman Guo Guangchang said on Wednesday.
The Shanghai-based conglomerate said late on Tuesday Chief Executive Liang Xinjun and Ding Guoqi, an executive director of Fosun and former chief financial officer, had resigned. Liang stepped down for health reasons and Ding to spend more time with their family, the company said in a securities filing.
Fosun also reported a 28 percent increase in profit in 2016 to 10.3 billion yuan ($1.5 billion).
The company named Wang Qunbin, one of its billionaire co-founders, as new CEO.
(Reporting by Julie Zhu; Writing by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Randy Fabi)
LONDON, April 23 Centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are set to face each other in a May 7 runoff for the French presidency after coming first and second in Sunday's first round of voting, early projections indicated.
Below are reactions from economists, analysts, fund managers and other market experts.
PAUL LAMBERT, LONDON-BASED FUND MANAGER AND HEAD OF CURRENCY MANAGEMENT AT INSIGHT INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
"All the polling that we are seeing would suggest that in the second round it would be very difficult for Le Pen to make major further gains, while Macron should pick up significant further votes. I think people will be fairly confident that Macron will win in the second round and the market will be relieved by that. The euro will benefit from the perceived decline in the break-up risk in the euro area.
It was expected that Macron would get through so I'm not sure there will be significant further (euro) moves tomorrow. The euro might see a little bit more strength over the coming days and a tightening of French bond spreads against Bunds, generally 'risk-on' currencies will probably do quite well, peripheral bond yields come down and probably upside in European stocks."
ROBERTO PERLI, WASHINGTON-BASED PARTNER AT ECONOMIC RESEARCH FIRM CORNERSTONE MACRO, AND FORMER SENIOR STAFFER AT THE FEDERAL RESERVE
"There should be some reversal of the safe haven flows that we saw in the last month. To the extent that the worst possible outcome did not happen, or will not happen, then I would expect some relief and upward pressure on term premia and on rates in the U.S. bond market. I don't expect it to make up everything lost in the past month because there is still a second round and some caution that you never know what is going to happen.
So far pretty much everything is in line with expectations with the euro higher. The biggest headline is that the polls were right, which reduces the risk quite a bit for the market. Investors can move on and keep only an ear to France, where there is now a high hurdle for Le Pen.
The second round polls are not even close to being within the margin of error, so it's really hard to imagine at this point that Le Pen is going to win. The unknown is how much the dissatisfied portion of Melenchon's supporters go to them in the second round, and some probably will. But it's very hard for them to put together the 50 percent of the vote."
RICHARD MCGUIRE, HEAD OF RATES STRATEGY AT RABOBANK IN LONDON
"On the face of it, the results are risk-positive. The assumption now is that centrist voters will rally around Macron, denying Le Pen the presidency and hence this will effectively be a pro-establishment, pro-European result which will be positive for risk appetite on Monday morning.
We are likely to see a notable tightening of European sovereign spreads and this would also be positive for the euro and stocks.
But the staggering of the election results this year means the exit polls have to be taken with a degree of caution. The exit polls for Brexit and Trump were wrong so only time will tell."
TIMOTHY ASH, LONDON-BASED ECONOMIST AT BLUEBAY ASSET MANAGEMENT
"Despite all the hype about the rise of populism, 60 percent of voters went for mainstream candidates. With the Afd in the wane in Germany, it seems like Trump marked the turning point for electorates playing the protest vote. In an uncertain world they rather go for what they know best and want to take fewer risks. That could be the bigger story for 2017 - seen in Dutch elections, maybe UK and very likely Germany."
OCTAVIO MARENZI, CEO OF CONSULTANCY OPIMAS IN PARIS
"The French have resoundingly rejected first, the establishment, with neither of the two major parties qualifying, and secondly, socialism, with no left-wing candidate qualifying and the Parti Socialist imploding. Now, Marine Le Pen has their work cut out for her, and their party will have to work feverishly to persuade voters to accept their message. In terms of economic policy, their platform is surprisingly similar in many aspects to far-left wing candidate Mélenchon. Luckily for financial markets, their odds of winning are remote.
Macron will be reassuring to markets, with their pledge to lower corporate taxes and to lighten the administrative burden on firms. They basically represent continuity. While the markets would have preferred Trump-style deregulation, no candidate, including Macron, would dare touch such an agenda in France."
PHILIPPE WAECHTER, PARIS-BASED CHIEF ECONOMIST AT NATIXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT
"Firstly it's a win for the polls, which were very accurate. There's now a strong Republican front which is crystallizing, so a large part of the right and centrist left will support Macron. Macron will very probably be president.
The momentum behind them will lend them considerable weight in the National Assembly, even if they do not get an absolute majority (in the legislative elections). They should have the capacity to implement their policies.
I think the market reaction will be pretty positive – the euro should hold up pretty well, and the French-German spread should pare back. Stocks are likely to show relief after the recent uncertainty. That doesn't mean we'll see stocks rallying throughout the day, but at least a first opening movement upwards."
KARIM BASTA, CHIEF ECONOMIST AT III CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, IN BOCA RATON, FLORIDA
"The short-term market reaction will be risk-on. There were a lot of hedges put in place for the adverse outcome with lower bond yields, stocks and euro. Those will probably get lifted in the next few days. That Europe existential risk is not over forever but certainly I don't think it will be a focal point for a while.
Markets are going to like it. It's not the best-best outcome in terms of removing all risk. But certainly this is better than the most feared Melenchon-Le Pen outcome. The polls were actually right in this case and they have been showing Macron well ahead ... so that will give markets more confidence.
KATHLEEN BROOKS, RESEARCH DIRECTOR AT CITY INDEX IN LONDON
"This was the expected result, as predicted by the pollsters who were correct...thus one could assume that the market reaction has already been priced in and any further upside could be short-lived. However, the market reaction could be stronger than expected as investors' begin to price in an easy win for Macron in the second round, and we could see euro/dollar rise to $1.12, the high from before the U.S. election last year.
Tonight's result is market positive for a few reasons: firstly, Macron is a politically stable, centrist candidate, almost like France's Obama. Even though they would be France's youngest-ever president with no party behind him, they are considered a safe pair of hands. Secondly, it helps to solidify the future of the EU and the euro, something that Marine Le Pen wants to destroy.
At the start of a new week the euro is surging, and we expect a large gap higher in the DAX and CAC 40, we could also see French bond yields fall on Monday, once this result is confirmed." (Compiled by Jemima Kelly; editing by Susan Thomas)
It's not often an NFL team makes a trade in mid-August to shake up the entire depth chart at one position. The Los Angeles Rams proved otherwise last week when they made a shocking blockbuster trade for former fourth overall pick Sammy Watkins.
The deal cost Los Angeles E.J. Gaines and a second-round pick, but the prospect of adding a true, big-bodied No. 1 receiver before the start of the regular season was too good for Les Snead to pass up.
It didn't come without plenty of risk, of course, knowing Watkins' injury history and contract situation. Those issues aside, it was a wildly impactful trade for a Rams team that's now on the come-up.
Here's how the depth chart at wide receiver looks after acquiring Watkins:
WR: Sammy Watkins, Mike Thomas, Nelson Spruce
WR: Robert Woods, Brandon Shippen, Josh Reynolds
Slot WR: Cooper Kupp/Tavon Austin, Pharoh Cooper, Paul McRoberts
The addition of Watkins won't impact Robert Woods in the least bit. He's firmly entrenched as a starter on the outside, especially because their ability as a blocker in the running game. That'll keep them on the field in two-wide sets.
The major losers of this trade are Tavon Austin and Cooper Kupp for the mere fact that they'll now be competing for snaps rather than seeing time together in 11 personnel. Kupp is a natural slot receiver and will primarily play there this season, but Austin has now been relegated inside, too.
They have the speed and quickness to succeed there, but they came into camp expecting to be a boundary receiver with Kupp in the slot. That's no longer the case with Watkins and Woods locked in at WR1 and WR2.
The Rams have said they'll still find a role for Austin on offense, but that will be significantly more difficult now than it would have been pre-Watkins trade. Kupp isn't likely to concede the slot to Austin unless they somehow regress and struggles in the coming weeks. So in three-wide receiver sets, it'll be Watkins, Woods and most likely Kupp.
Austin will obviously be the next guy up when the Rams send four wide receivers on the field, but with Gerald Everett and Tyler Higbee expected to play plenty, two-tight end formations will be a staple of the Rams' offense.
As it stands right now, the slot role is Kupp's to lose, especially with Austin injured. The $15 million cap hit will make it hard for Sean McVay to keep Austin off the field, but their production deems them a backup.
NEW DELHI: An Indian military helicopter crashed in a disputed area near the border with China on Friday, killing all seven troops on board, the army said. The Russian-made Mi-17 V5 helicopter was on a maintenance mission in the mountainous district of Tawang near the border with Tibet when it crashed. Five Indian Air Force (IAF) crewmembers and two personnel of the Indian army were killed in the crash, a spokesperson told Agence France-Presse. “A court of inquiry has been ordered to ascertain the cause of the accident,” they said. Tawang is in the northeast Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh, which is also claimed by China. It is a strategically important border district and came briefly under Chinese control during the 1962 war between the two neighboring countries.
Advertisements
AFP
By Claire Milhench LONDON, April 6 Emerging stocks fell and currencies weakened on Thursday after minutes from the U.S. Federal Reserve clobbered risk appetite, while investors monitored a Czech central bank meeting to see if it will abandon the cap on the crown. MSCI's benchmark equities index fell 0.7 percent, tracking losses in developed markets with bourses across Asia and emerging Europe selling off. Hong Kong shares fell 0.6 percent, Polish stocks 0.7 percent and Russian dollar-denominated stocks 0.5 percent. Currencies were also mainly on the backfoot with the Russian rouble retreating from a near 21-month high touched on Wednesday while the Turkish lira weakened 0.4 percent to three-week lows. Sentiment soured overnight when minutes from the Fed's last meeting showed most policymakers thought the U.S. central bank should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year, much earlier than many had expected. Disappointing data added to the bearish mood, with activity in China's services sector expanding at its weakest pace in six months. The yuan dipped against the dollar but Chinese shares ended at a four-month high, bolstered by the government's plans for a new economic zone. In Europe, the focus was on a Czech central bank meeting to find out whether policymakers would scrap the cap on the crown, which prevents the currency from firming past 27 to the euro and has been in place since November 2013. Policymakers had pledged to keep the cap in place until the end of March. According to a Reuters poll, the crown is expected to gain 5 percent in 12 months. The crown's implied rate in the one-month forwards market is trading at 26.9 per euro and in the three-month forwards market it is 26.7 per euro, the highest since late 2013. "It could happen at any time," said Kaan Nazli, senior vice president at Neuberger Berman. "They have a pretty strong balance sheet – they are producing current account surpluses - and if you look at the fundamental value of the crown it has been strengthening over the time that they have been keeping it at a weaker point." The South African rand bucked the trend, firming 0.4 percent after the ruling ANC party rejected calls for President Jacob Zuma to quit. The rand touched three-month lows on Tuesday, pressured by political turmoil and a ratings downgrade to junk. A parliamentary motion of no confidence against Zuma has been scheduled for April 18, but previous no confidence motions have failed as the ANC has a commanding majority. "It looks like the ANC is siding with the president but clearly a lot of people and groups from the wider ANC coalition are against the president..., which basically means the rest of the year we will have continued headline risk," said Nazli. "There might be more rating downgrades down the line; it is very likely that it could go to junk in three to six months from now on the external rating." Bonds remained under pressure, with the average yield spread of South African sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JP Morgan EMBI Global Diversified index rising 3 basis points (bps) to 279 bps. Earlier in Asia, Indian stocks retreated from record highs ahead of a central bank meeting at which it is expected to keep rates at 6.25 pct, according to a Reuters poll. India's services sector continued to recover in March from the shock demonetisation, expanding at its fastest since October. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see ) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 962.55 -6.67 -0.69 +11.63 Czech Rep 978.33 -2.45 -0.25 +6.15 Poland 2237.16 -16.48 -0.73 +14.85 Hungary 32400.94 -4.19 -0.01 +1.24 Romania 8215.04 +13.21 +0.16 +15.95 Greece 669.01 -0.96 -0.14 +3.94 Russia 1147.66 -4.83 -0.42 -0.41 South Africa 45843.20 -306.65 -0.66 +4.42 Turkey 88775.35 -262.10 -0.29 +13.61 China 3281.60 +11.29 +0.35 +5.73 India 29874.31 -99.93 -0.33 +12.20 Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 27.02 27.03 +0.06 -0.04 Poland 4.24 4.23 -0.11 +3.93 Hungary 310.32 310.21 -0.04 -0.48 Romania 4.52 4.53 +0.09 +0.26 Serbia 123.73 123.75 +0.02 -0.31 Russia 56.40 56.31 -0.15 +8.63 Kazakhstan 312.59 311.66 -0.30 +6.74 Ukraine 27.04 27.04 -0.00 -0.15 South Africa 13.73 13.79 +0.46 +0.00 Kenya 103.15 103.11 -0.04 -0.76 Israel 3.65 3.65 -0.09 +5.54 Turkey 3.71 3.70 -0.39 -4.98 China 6.90 6.89 -0.11 +0.63 India 64.96 64.87 -0.14 +4.59 Brazil 3.12 3.12 -0.06 +4.23 Mexico 18.83 18.81 -0.07 +10.03 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 333 1 .03 7 70.38 1 (Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker)
GAUHATI, India (AP) — A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses.
The survey, carried out Sunday at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, showed 102 one-horned rhinos now living in the park, up from 93 during the last count, in 2012, said Pradipta Baruah, a forestry officer who supervised the census.
"Our efforts at conserving the rhino have paid off," Baruah said by phone.
The reserve, which is just 38 square kilometers (15 square miles), is outside of the Assam state capital, Gauhati. India's Kaziranga National Park, also in Assam, is the main home of the one-horned rhino, with more than 2,000.
Advertisement
More than 20 rangers were involved in the count, traversing the park's forests, grasslands and wetlands on seven domesticated Asiatic elephants.
"The animals looked carefree in the wilds, lazing around shrubs and grasslands," said ranger Mukul Tamuli.
Six rhinos have been poached in Pobitora since 2012, officials said, and 20 died of natural causes.
All of the world's five rhino species are under threat from poachers who sell their horns on black markets, often in countries where rhino horn is believed to increase male potency.
March 29Zhejiang Unifull Industrial Fiber Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 75 percent to 125 percent, or to be 37.2 million yuan to 47.8 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 21.2 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are gains from newly merged energy unit and increased revenue from silk product
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/NBcR15
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
On a cold December night in Edinburgh, the setting of ‘NEHH Presents: Cold Turkey' provided a welcome contrast to the outside world. The room was warmed by of the heat of a couple of old men dancing to the rhythm of modern poetry, whilst black neon lights cast atmospheric shadows upon the poet.
When I entered the room, Michael Pedersen was performing a poem called “Oyster” from their homonym book. The poem was about cunnilingus, the pleasure and doubt of the experience accentuated by Michael's words. I went to the event with little previous knowledge of modern English poetry, and what struck me about Michael's poems was their rhythm and intrinsic violence. The dramatic pauses, and the way the images were delivered one after another, seemed angry. A sentence from their next poem, “Medusa between the animals”, provided a suitable comment on the audience, who seemed unsettled by the animalistic words of this Scottish poet. My senses were divided by Michael's poetry – they made me simultaneously laugh and shiver at theirs will.
This was followed by a performance by Dan Willson, the sole member of the band Withered Hand. Though Dan would admittedly not be the best person to cheer up pre-drinks on a Friday Night, they fit perfectly amongst us. Their melancholic acoustic songs, mixed with draught in the plastic glasses that filled the hands of the audience, was definitely not a bad combination.
Poet Hollie McNish had the power to instil silence with their words. When they finished each poem, a moment of reflection invaded the audience. Every poem they performed received a unanimous awkward clap as a response, a reminder of the power of their words as we all tried to escape the way that the poem made us feel.
Whilst I'm not completely unacquainted with indie music, I had no prior knowledge of Scott Hutchison. Their performance was similar to the other three; it started with an anecdote, a couple of jokes with the audience, and people singing. With Scott, the room seemed to fill. I felt part of a community – we were carried away, involved with the music, singing completely unaware of the other hundred people – like we were alone in the privacy of our bedrooms. It was a moment of pure happiness.
We laughed, we had moments of awkwardness, we were all human together in a room, making each other feel. And now, I am writing this to the backing track of ‘Withered Hand', with ‘Oyster' by my side.
NEHH Presents…Cold Turkey took place at Summerhall on 1st December as part of Book Week Scotland.
Image Credit Devian Maside.
Contact
Golden Dolphin-Amanda Dobra Hope
***@itsasyoulikeit.com Golden Dolphin-Amanda Dobra Hope
End
-- Amanda Dobra Hope, holistic life coach, author, writer, and speaker, and All Things That Matter Press are pleased to announce thathas just received a finalist award from the International Book Awards in the New Age: Non-Fiction category for 2018. In a statement from International Book Awards creator, Jeffrey Keen, President and CEO of American Book Fest, it is learned that this year's contest yielded over 2,000 entries from authors and publishers around the world. The contest brings together both mainstream and independent publishers with a distinguished panel of industry judges boasting extensive editorial, PR, marketing, and design expertise.ABOUT: This book was written both to provide a solid definition of the term and to teach people to honor themselves for the large amount of energy that spaceholding requires.takes the reader on a journey through the life of a spaceholder. Topics covered include holding space for yourself, for situations, for others, and how to hold space professionally. The book also covers how to hold space effectively and to provide for yourself first before attempting to hold space for others.is published by All Things That Matter Press and is available on Amazon ( https://www.amazon.com/ Holding-Space- Supporting-Rememberi... ).ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Amanda Dobra Hope is an evolutionary teacher, author, speaker, holistic life coach, Drain that Pain practitioner, and freelance writer.  They are passionate about helping others uncover their true inner selves. Them belief is that when everyone on the planet loves themselves and can express their true gifts with passion and authenticity, we will all thrive. Find them at: www.itsasyoulikeit.com
The Philadelphia Eagles won the Celebration of the Year at the NFL Awards for that amazing Electric Slide they did during their 31-3 win over the Chicago Bears in November.
It's the first time the NFL has ever given out this award.
Here's another look:
The Electric Slide was chosen through a fan vote. The other three celebrations they beat out in the Final Four of the voting were:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
April 13 Yunnan Tourism Co Ltd :
* Says OCT Group to inject capital in co's top shareholder Yunnan Expo Tourism Holding Ltd via its Yunnan-based unit OCT (Yunnan) investment, and will own 49.52 percent stake in co indirectly after transaction
* Says OCT (Yunnan) investment has to fulfill the obligation to launch a tender offer purchase the remaining 346.9 million shares (47.47 percent outstanding) in co, at 9.05 yuan per share
* Says the offering period from April 5 to May 4
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/S7I6KF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
yoga an mindfulness
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Yoga
* Mindfulness
* India Industry:
* Fitness Location:
* Rishikesh - Uttarakhand - India
End
-- Research shows that mindfulness can rewire and reshape our brain to improve the quality our experiences. This is an easy practice to incorporate into your life. Mindfulness is paying conscious attention, on purpose and being in the present without judgment. You can start improving your attention by: setting an intention, being alert and quieting the mind. Every action has a reaction. But, we don't have to be stuck to this. We can be conscious of our reactions if we actively practice mindfulness.The monsoon season is a sign of prosperity. It brings in much-needed rain and nourishes the earth. At the same time the monsoon brings various diseases. Our bodies are at times not ready to adjust to changes in temperature and climate. The best way to avoid these diseases is to boost your immune system. Here are a few things you can do to stay heathy:1. Drink a lot of fluids2. Wash your fruit and vegetables well before consuming them3. Eat some Indian gooseberriesFurthermore, be careful with your eating. Avoid unhealthy food whenever you can. Also avoid eating heavy, acidic, salty and spicy food.Favoring one side of the body over the other can cause imbalance in the long run. Yoga poses are designed to bring in balance in the body. In this day and age, we are so glued to our devices that we forget about balance. We give into our habits and then suffer the consequence later.Yoga asanas are designed to balance both sides of the body. When the body is balanced, muscles also get balanced. Three poses you can start practicing bringing balance to your body are: Downward facing dog, cobra pose and trikonasana.Yoga is also an effective fat burner. Studies show that yoga lowers levels of stress hormones and increases insulin sensitivity. This signals the body to burn food as fuel rather than storing it. Loosing weight has a lot to do with the lifestyle. You need to pay attention to what you eat, when you eat as well as your sleeping habits. A good combination of exercise, diet and sleep are key to toning your body and getting healthy.1. Cresent pose2. Willow pose3. Rocking boat4. Hover5. Chair
___
How Facebook likes could profile voters for manipulation
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of — and which Facebook may have enabled. A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tapped similar techniques to try to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
___
Advertisement
Woman struck and killed by self-driving Uber vehicle
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Police say a self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb. It is the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Uber has suspended all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada. Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
___
Claire's, the ear-piercing mall chain, files for bankruptcy
NEW YORK (AP) — Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt. It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online.
___
Maduro's cryptocurrency 'genius' once pushed US sanctions
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — A chief strategist of Venezuela's government-backed cryptocurrency is a former U.S. congressional intern, and they once organized protests against the same socialist administration he's now helping to circumvent U.S. financial sanctions. Gabriel Jimenez, was catapulted to something of tech stardom in Venezuela last month when they stood alongside President Nicolas Maduro and two Russian business people on national TV signing a contract to position the fledgling currency among international investors.
___
Trump bans US use of Venezuelan cryptocurrency
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
___
NYC launches investigation into Kushner Cos. false filings
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City council member has launched an investigation into the Kushner Cos.' routine filing of paperwork with the city that falsely claimed zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings. Councilman Ritchie Torres argues that officials should have caught the deception long ago because the dozens of documents are available online for all to see. A tenant rights watchdog found the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating it had no rent-regulated units when it had hundreds.
___
Court filing claims Education Dept illegally got SSN data
WASHINGTON (AP) — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief. A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California. The Education Department is declining comment on pending litigation.
___
Fed set to raise rates as Powell gives 1st news conference
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes. But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at their first news conference about whether and how they might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from their predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
___
Steve Wynn settled with second woman over sex allegations
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents received this month in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. The woman's lawyer says their client denies that claim.
___
Facebook drags technology companies down as stocks slide
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook falls almost 7 percent and leads steep declines in technology stocks as US indexes take sharp losses. The social media company had its worst day in four years following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users. European stocks are down after Britain and European Union representatives said they are making progress arranging Britain's departure from the EU.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $62.06 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $66.05 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 2 cents to $1.92 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.91 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.65 per 1,000 cubic feet.
MEXICO CITY The chief bodyguard to the eldest son of jailed Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman was killed in the northern coastal state of Sinaloa.
Mexico's navy said on Saturday that troops killed Francisco Zazueta, suspected of helping launch an ambush of soldiers last year, during a shootout on Friday afternoon in the town of Badiraguato, a hotbed of support for the Sinaloa Cartel and not far from where Guzman grew up.
Zazueta, also known as "Pancho Chimal," was Ivan Archivaldo Guzman's top bodyguard.
The navy troops were attacked after entering the town, where "a meeting of members of organised crime was taking place," the navy said in a statement.
Several assault rifles as well as a rocket launcher were recovered from the meeting spot.
Zazueta allegedly helped lead a September ambush of soldiers in which as many as 60 cartel gunmen attacked a military convoy that was transporting a cartel hitman whom Zazueta and others wanted to rescue.
Five soldiers were killed in the attack.
Zazueta had been detained in February but escaped from a Sinaloa jail a few weeks ago along with other cartel members.
(Reporting by Anahi Rama and David Alire Garcia; Editing by Sandra Maler)
HAMBURG German copper products group Wieland said on Wednesday it has taken over the copper and steel tube business of U.S. company Wolverine Tube Inc, as part of its plans to expand internationally.
Unlisted Wieland gave no financial details of the deal, which will see it acquire Alabama-based Wolverine's manufacturing of finned and enhanced surface tubes from copper, copper alloys and steel alloys.
"In line with our corporate strategy, this acquisition is another important step on the way to expand Wieland Group's international market position," Wieland CEO Erwin Mayr said in a statement. "It allows us to strengthen our portfolio of high-end, technically differentiated businesses."
One major use of the finned and enhanced surface tubes is energy-efficient coolant transfer in large air conditioning systems for buildings, a Wieland spokesperson said.
The company did not give any details of the business's tonnage or turnover.
Mayr became Wieland CEO on April 1 and has said they plan to expand the group's international presence.
Wieland sells around 440,000 tonnes of copper products a year with annual sales of around 2.7 billion euros ($2.9 billion) and has operations in Europe, North America and Asia.
($1 = 0.9158 euros)
(Reporting by Michael Hogan; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Dive Brief:
Carnegie Mellon University last week announced a new partnership with the Pittsburgh International Airport, which will allow faculty and students to research and integrate innovative traveler assistance technologies and programs throughout the facility.
In a release, officials from both the Allegheny County Airport Authority and the university praised the partnership as a relationship that would help the airport to reflect the diversity of its customer base while enhancing the airport's brand as a major transportation hub.
The new partnership is an extension of an existing relationship between the university and the airport, which has seen students creating apps which help flight passengers more easily find parking and has led to improvements for mobility or vision impaired passengers to access the facility and services.
Dive Insight:
This is an ideal example of collegiate-industrial relationships which can create positive press, tangible improvements, and workforce development all out of a few strategic objectives. Whether its Ball State University positioning to take over a struggling secondary school district, over Appalachian colleges and universities closing gaps in poverty and educational attainment in collaboration with private companies, higher education is the one industry that usually thrives off of mutual interests and partnerships with other large companies.
Partnerships which help to yield more revenue, or to reduce taxpayer spending are the kinds of relationships lawmakers are most likely to support. And with the future of public higher education being retracted to large state institutions cannibalizing smaller institutions, even those within their own system, institutions of all sizes and types will need to be more conscious of these kinds of collaborations to survive aggressive budget cuts and merger proposals.
LAGOS, March 30 The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) has been given a green light by its members to become a publicly listed company, it said on Thursday.
The members also approved the appointment of South African bank FirstRand and local investment firm Chapel Hill Denham to guide it through the process of becoming a listed company, the NSE said.
The second-biggest bourse in sub-Saharan Africa after Johannesburg and a main entry point for investors in Africa, the NSE is owned by stockbrokers and some institutional investors.
It has around 200 listed companies, all included in its benchmark share index.
As a first step, the NSE will change its ownership structure from a mutual company of brokers to add new shareholders.
NSE president Aigboje Aig-Imoukhuede said this demutualisation "will bring the Nigerian capital market on a par with other international jurisdictions, result in enhanced governance (and) transparency". It will also attract "strategic partners, investors and good quality issuers", they said.
The Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE), the continent's most developed stock market, has been a listed company since 2006.
The equities market in Nigeria, now Africa's largest economy, was until 2013 one of the world's best performing frontier markets but low liquidity levels and currency restrictions have since deterred foreign investors.
The value of trading on the bourse declined by 22.3 percent to 74.1 billion naira ($236 mln) in February from a month before, as foreign buyers stayed on the sidelines.
Nigerian shares have lost 5.2 percent so far this year after a 6.2 percent fall last year. In dollar terms, they shed 40 percent in 2016 as the naira lost a third of its value on the official market.
Nigeria is in its first recession in 25 years as a result of low oil prices which have slashed government revenue, hammered its currency and caused chronic dollar shortages, frustrating businesses including listed companies.
The stock exchange has already said it will fast-track the listing of exchange-traded derivatives this year to help investors manage risk and has created a counterparty clearing house to support the process.
"As a demutualised entity that is profit-seeking, the NSE will be in a better stead to capitalize on new income opportunities ... and be able to better support economic growth," NSE chief executive Oscar Onyema said on Thursday. (Editing by Catherine Evans)
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit, a new customs partnership or a “highly streamlined approach” to customs, Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said on Sunday.
“We set out two proposals in relation to how we would deal with the issue of tariffs, how we would deal with those sorts of elements in relation to customs whether that be a new customs partnership where we would effectively apply a similar or the same tariff that the EU currently applies to goods coming into the EU, or a highly streamlined approach with effectively exemptions that would apply for small business,” they told Sky News.
U.S. President Donald Trump in Washington, D.C., U.S., April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump will host Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni for an official working visit on April 20, the White House said on Thursday.
"The leaders will discuss the upcoming G7 ... and a range of issues of mutual concern," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters.
Italy is hosting a summit of leaders from the Group of Seven biggest industrial economies in Sicily on May 26-27.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Eric Walsh)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
March 29 Gseven Co Ltd:
* Says it will issue 2.9 million new shares of its common stock with par value of T$10 per share and issue price at T$25 per share for operating funds enrichment
* Says 429,000 shares of the new shares to be offered to the company's employees, 2.5 million shares of the new shares to be offered through public offering
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/quEcIk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 6 Comcast Corp:
* Comcast Corp- unveils new wireless service with an unlimited data plan called Xfinity Mobile- analyst event
* Comcast Corp- unlimited data, talk and text will be available by mid-year for $65 /line for up to 5 lines- analyst event
* Comcast Corp- unlimited data, talk and text for $45 per line for customers with Comcast's top X1 packages
* Comcast Corp says Xfinity Mobile customers can also choose to pay $12/GB of cellular data each month
* Comcast says wireless service will be available on Apple Inc's iPhones as well as Samsung Electronics' galaxy phones
* Comcast CFO says service would be cash flow positive at a limited scale over time Further company coverage:
(Reuters Health) - Women who experience vaginal and urinary problems associated with menopause should seek help from their doctors, according to a new patient resource page from the JAMA journal.
Women with pre- and post-menopausal symptoms, as well as their doctors, need to remember that these common complaints are treatable in ways that can easily improve quality of life, writes Dr. Jill Jin.
“We created this resource based on a reader request, and I see many patients in my own practice with these complaints, so it's highly relevant,” said Jin, an internist at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago, who wrote the one-page primer intended for patients.
The page discusses genitourinary syndrome of menopause, which used to be known as atrophic vaginitis. The new term was introduced in a 2016 review article in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology (bit.ly/2oDcPF4), which notes that the syndrome affects more than half of mail carriersopausal women.
“I see a wide variety of patients who look up health information online, and it's useful to have reliable sources to direct them to when they have questions,” Jin told Reuters Health. “There's a lot of false health information online, and journals such as JAMA are great places for concise, accurate information.”
The JAMA patient resource explains that estrogen levels drop during menopause, and the walls of the vagina become thin, dry and inflamed. The related symptoms of burning, irritation and urinary issues are common but can be more bothersome for some women than for others.
Doctors can recommend both hormonal and non-hormonal treatment options, such as over-the-counter lubricants and moisturizers or estrogen treatments administered by pill or through the skin.
“Women presume these symptoms are just signs of aging, but they can be corrected by talking to a gynecologist or urologist,” said Sardar Khan of Stony Brook University School of Medicine in New York, a co-author of the 2016 review.
Typically, doctors recommend trying vaginal estrogen first as a cream, tablet or ring inserted into the vagina. This provides estrogen to the vaginal area without circulating through the bloodstream first, which can lower the chance of health risks associated with hormonal treatments during menopause.
Women who have other symptoms associated with menopause, such as night sweats, hot flashes or other whole-body problems, may need to take estrogen treatments by a pill or skin patch, the patient resource notes. Women who take this type of estrogen should also take progesterone.
Khan and their co-authors reviewed additional treatments as well, including synthetic steroids, laser therapies, homeopathic remedies and lifestyle modifications. Importantly, early detection and individually-tailored treatment plans are key, the study authors wrote.
“Women should not suffer in silence,” Khan told Reuters Health. “The days are gone when we accept these symptoms as merely signs of aging.”
The JAMA patient page also suggests seeking additional information on the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists website about menopause (bit.ly/1Ml5Vcf ). The site features a comprehensive FAQ section about menopause, symptoms, osteoporosis, hormone therapy and healthy lifestyle advice.
Women should begin talking to their doctors about these symptoms in the perimenopause period and share any concerns they have, Khan said.
“Health providers should ask about menopause, quality of life, and pain routinely during visits,” they added. “I've found it's often up to caregivers to make patients feel comfortable enough to open up and talk.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2o4AlJT JAMA, online April 4, 2017.
Makurdi – Federal Medical Centre (FMC) Makurdi, has started spinal surgery and has successfully operated on five patients so far, the Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the centre,
Dr Peteru Inunduh, said.
They said on Wednesday in Makurdi that the centre was the first health facility to conduct spinal surgery in Benue.
Spinal surgery is done to correct spinal fusion, also called spondylodesis or spondylosyndesis.
It is a neurosurgical or orthopedic surgical technique that joins two or more vertebrae, usually to relieve pain caused by nerve root pinching.
Inunduh said that the centre had trained consultant and specialist in Spine and Orthopedics in Egypt for the purpose “and since their return in 2017, the orthopedic surgeon carried out five successful spinal surgeries.”
The CMD added that 20 medical doctors of the centre were undergoing various specialist training around the world.
They said that the state government was ready to procure equipment for the spinal surgery theater, adding that “FMC Makurdi has seven standard theaters to accommodate the needs of trained specialists.
“We realised that equipment for spinal surgery are expensive and decided to have sub head in the
2018 budget for the purchase of medical equipment, and we intend to buy between 70 and 75 per cent of the equipment needed for such surgery.
“Apart from the spine orthopedic consultants we trained in Egypt, we also trained a consultant in India that specialises in plastic surgery, while another doctor gets set to go to India for gastroenteritis.
“We have 20 doctors who have either completed their training or are undergoing different kinds of specialists training locally and internationally.”
The director explained that the centre had palliatives that accommodate indigent patients through the
Department of Medical and Social Works where some patients who could not afford their medical bills were treated.
“We have indigent patients, we know they need healthcare services but they cannot afford, we don't insist that they pay, we have a programme to attend to such patients without necessary collecting money from them, the programme is coordinated by Department of Medical and Social Works.
“Our joy is to provide services to Nigerians.”
Inunduh said that the centre recently unofficially inaugurated a four-suit theater with areas for recovery and administrative purposes.
Corroborating the CMD's position, the Egypt trained Spine Orthopedic Surgeon, Dr Dr Joseph Okoh,
said the Federal Government, through the management of FMC Makurdi, supported them for the training.
Okoh, who said that the first spinal surgery was conducted during the last industrial action by JOHESU, added that it was successful.
They added that “since I came back from Egypt where I did my specialisation in Spine Orthopedics, we have done five spinal surgeries and all of them were successful because the symptoms that gave reasons for the operation disappeared afterward.
Mrs Monica Vanger, the first patient to undergo the spinal surgery at FMC Makurdi, commended the centre “for rendering services with human face.”
Vanger, who sustained spine injury due to car accident, said they were incapacitated for two months,
adding, however, that within three weeks of the surgery, they could walk.
They added that “after the accident, initially I had no challenge, I had a fracture and was treated. The issue I had was intermediate waste pain which I was taking drugs.
“As time progressed, I started having consistent severe waste pain and was later discovered that my kidney was affected and I went to Abuja where I received about four to five sessions of dialysis in a week, but when the kidney injury was cured, I could not walk.
“The pain became severe and I became paralysed for about two months and decided to go to FMC Makurdi, where this surgery was done and withing three weeks, I could walk. The financial commitment was affordable.” (NAN)
German stocks - Factors to watch on June 15
BERLIN, June 15 - The DAX top-30 index looked set to open flat on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0624 GMT.
Kenneth E. Kawa, 70, of Mattapoisett died Sunday December 25, 2016 unexpectedly at St. Luke's Hospital. They were the husband of Carol A. (Mazzola) Kawa.
Born in New Bedford, the son of the late Chester and Doris (Souza) Kawa, they lived in Mattapoisett for many years.
Mr. Kawa was formerly employed as a salesperson at Robertson's GMC in Wareham.
An avid fisherman, they loved antique cars and going to Foxwoods. They were a member of the Reservation Golf Course.
Survivors include their wife; their son, Kenneth E. Kawa, Jr.; their stepchildren, Laurie Sullivan and Lisa Rutledge; their brother, Chester Kawa, Jr.; their granddaughter, Justine Kawa; their step-grandson, Stephen Jon Ruhr, Jr.; several other step-grandchildren; and several aunts and cousins.
They were the stepfather of the late Stephen Jon Ruhr.
Their Memorial Mass was celebrated on Friday December 30, 2016 in St. Anthony's Church, Mattapoisett. Visiting hours were omitted. Arrangements are by the Saunders-Dwyer Mattapoisett Home for Funerals, 50 County Rd., Route 6, Mattapoisett. For online condolence book, please visit www.saundersdwyer.com.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
April 28 Tenneco Inc
* Received notification from European Commission it closed global antitrust inquiry regarding production, assembly, supply of complete exhaust systems
* No charges against Tenneco or any other competitor were initiated at any time and European Comission inquiry is now closed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
Death, and the human experience of it, is the most universal of all themes in literature, theater and life. Sarah Ruhl's retelling of the Greek myth of Orpheus and Eurydice had its world premiere in 2003, and has been performed on and off Broadway and across the country over the last decade.
In the original myth, Eurydice dies on their wedding day. Orpheus journeys to the Underworld and charms the gods with their music, who allow them to take them back but warn that they must not turn around and look at them as they follow him. They do, and they must remain forever in the land of death. Here they are characterized as nothing more than a possession twice lost.
But in Ruhl's version, they are the central figure, and their story is layered with deep truths about love, loss, memory, pain and the resilience of the human spirit.
In UCSB Department of Theater and Dance's production of Eurydice, the luminous Megan Caniglia is Eurydice, a smart young woman with a passion for books and ideas, and as much as they love Orpheus, played with quiet intensity by Julian Remulla, they don't always understand them and their music.  They are surely not the first woman to be confounded by romance with a musician.
The play opens with the happy couple frolicking at the seaside, where they pop the question before they leap into the waves — a very real leap off the back edge of the set, an arresting effect. Then, during their wedding party, they are tempted away by a charming but sinister figure proffering a letter from their dead father. Christopher Costanzo is satisfyingly creepy here, electrifyingly so when they turn up again as a petulant boy-god on a tricycle, ruler of the Underworld. They cannot resist and follows them to their high-rise apartment, where after a lecherous struggle they fall to their death.
When Eurydice reaches the Underworld by way of a chain-link elevator in which it rains, they find a chorus of nattily-dressed white-faced figures who call themselves Stones. Ian Elliott, Alice Trew and Madelyn Robinson do a fantastic job in these roles, often speaking in unison with great precision, providing another layer of surreality to the proceedings.
They also encounter their father, played by Michael Morgan with great tenderness. They don't recognize them at first, as memory doesn't work the same in such a place. But eventually they are able to gently help them reconnect the circuits, and they are quite happily reunited. Eventually Orpheus comes for her, and they face the choice between comfortable forgetting and the pain of remembering.
Director Jeff Mills has extensive background and experience in turning fable and myth into theater — locally, notably, with Boxtales Theatre Company. They guide this production with a sure hand and the result is a delight. The use of circus arts is another of their hallmarks, and there is a lovely aerial silks interlude, choreographed by Christina McCarthy, as Eurydice unsuccessfully attempts to climb back to the land of the living, as well as Costanzo appearing later on stilts, as god of the Underworld.
Though modern in relation to the ancient Greek myth, the play's aesthetic is not modern-day, but instead is anchored firmly in the 1930s, with its period costumes by Ann Bruice, incidental songs and moments of free-spirited dancing.
Nayna Ramey's set, however, with its asymmetrical tilting steps, dizzyingly high platform and artful chain link is timeless and darkly whimsical. There is a channel down one side of the stage with running water, representing the river in the Underworld where characters must step in to cleanse themselves of memories.
Topping it all off are a live string quartet, directed by Jim Connolly, and hauntingly beautiful vocals by soloist Christine Buccelli.
Kudos to all involved in this artful, soulful production, and may we see many more of this caliber from the fine folks at UCSB.
— Justine Sutton is a Santa Barbara freelance writer and frequent Noozhawk reviewer. The opinions expressed are them own.
Includes topics like FATCA, Transfer Pricing, VAT, Incentives, Tax Avoidance
Emerging & Frontier Markets Association
Contact
Emerging and Frontier Markets Association
***@emerging- frontiermarkets.org Emerging and Frontier Markets Association
End
-- Announcing: a comprehensive weekly roundup of tax issues for countries in emerging and frontier Markets. This is a member benefit of the Emerging & Frontier Markets Association (EFMA). FATCA, transfer pricing, licensing, CbC, local budget, incentives, dividends, profits distributions, tax avoidance are among many issues covered.EFMA members will also gain access to our many webinars likeTopics covered by the tax service include:. For example, the latest report notes new rules from the Cyprus Tax Department for data submission under the FATCA Intergovernmental Agreement for the year 2016.• The report also highlights a revised decree on, under the powers conferred by Section 6(16) of the Assessment and Collection of Taxes Law.• Also noteworthy are these stories from the latest report:that income from the sub-licensing of property is not taxable as business income.on 26 May 2017, presented the budget for 2017/2018 to the parliament.• On June 1, 2017,published a draft public notice requiring the submission of country-by-country ("CbC") reports, a master file and a local file by groups with turnover above a specified threshold.was submitted to the National Assembly on May 31, 2017. The budget included an increase in customs and excise duties and licensing taxes and the introduction of electronic customs procedures.Members can also use EFMA's Ask an Expert feature to access some great connections. See http://www.emerging- frontiermarkets.org/ efma-advice- network Common client query types include: assistance in origination and sourcing investment opportunities, due diligence on assets and partners, competitive intelligence, pricing information and market/consumer data and important legal topics.There are experts available throughout Africa and in places like Vietnam, South Africa and France and other introductions can be made as well.. Members of EFMA, will be able to attend for free or at a reduced rate our many conferences and webinars. Here are some we have produced recently:• Conference on "Supply Chain Risks & Rewards in Emerging Markets." Also sponsored by Baker McKenzie, Deloitte, Trace Int., Zurich Insurance, and AON.• Conference on "Doing the Deal with Africa." Also sponsored by Baker McKenzie, PWC, and Dentons• Conference to review the major trade developments from Baker McKenzie's international trade compliance lawyers from around the world.• Members have access to these taped webinars "Negotiating Cyber Insurance: Assessing Worldwide Coverage"• Unlocking the Secrets of US Lending in Africa• OPIC: Expanding Horizons for U.S. Businesses in Africa Solutions to Non-Tariff Barriers in Africa• And Many Others. Some of the firms that have benefited from EFMA programs are Zurich Insurance, Medtronic, Software Alliance, Merck, AmeriHealth Caritas, Scottrade, FedEx, Sears, Oracle, Fitbit, DHL, Wells Fargo, Deloitte, PWC, Ernst & Young, many major law firms, and many others.EFMA is a resource for professionals involved with emerging markets from around the world who want to educate themselves, build their careers, and connect with others to share solutions to multinational corporate problems. Individual and corporate memberships are available.To find out more about EFMA's Tax Briefing or to join, go to http://www.emerging- frontiermarkets.org/ tax-briefings
The leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, speaks on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show in London, April 23, 2017. Jeff Overs/BBC handout via REUTERS
The leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, speaks on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show in London, April 23, 2017. Jeff Overs/BBC handout via REUTERS
LONDON More holidays, a burka ban and an end to hard Brexit - just some of the policies Britain's opposition parties hope will prevent an overwhelming election victory by Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May in June.
With some polls giving May a more than 20 point lead before the June 8 vote, the main opposition Labour Party pledged on Sunday to introduce four new public holidays to try to unite a country left deeply divided by the Brexit vote.
The Liberal Democrats, who were a distant fourth in the last election, reiterated their message that they were the only "decent opposition" to a government it says is pursuing a 'hard Brexit', while the eurosceptic UK Independence Party said it would ban full veils worn by some Muslim women.
The early election, which stunned British politicians, could redraw the political landscape after Brexit exposed deep faultlines in Britain, with Scotland and northern Ireland voting to remain in the EU while England and Wales supported an exit.
Some commentators see a dominant Conservative Party crushing left-leaning Labour - an all but 'coronation' of May, who was appointed prime minister shortly after Britain voted to leave the EU in June last year, giving them a free hand in the talks.
"The four nations that make up our great country have rarely been more divided due to the damaging and divisive policies of this Conservative government," Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said, announcing their plan to add new national holidays for the four patron saints of the British Isles.
Their pitch was overshadowed by their comments on suspending air strikes on Syria, and offered the Conservatives another chance to air its election catchphrase - that May is the only chance for "strong and stable" leadership.
The Liberal Democrats, the only party to criticise Britain's departure from the EU, said they would offer a second referendum on any Brexit deal, while UKIP denied it had tacked to the right with its proposal to ban face veils.
Tim Farron, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said voters would get a chance "to reflect on whether they like the (Brexit) deal" and to change the country's direction.
Britain can expect to hear more promises in the weeks before the election, but with May way out ahead in the polls, it is unclear what impact they will have.
The Conservatives were also seen making inroads in Scotland, with pollster Survation saying they had opened up a 10 percentage point lead over the Scottish Labour Party.
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
April 28 Juventus FC SpA:
* Said on Thursday that FC Bayern Muenchen AG has exercised its option right for the definitive acquisition of the registration rights of the player Kingsley Coman
* Consideration for the acquisition is 21 million euros ($22.88 million) to be paid in 2017/2018 and 2018/2019 financial years
* The economic effect is positive for about 19 million euros, net of auxiliary expenses and solidarity contribution
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9179 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Supporters of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, distribute political leaflets to support their candidate, in Lyon, France, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Pratta
PARIS U.S. investment bank Citigroup said on Monday it had changed its baseline, or most probable, scenario for the French presidential election to a win for centrist Emmanuel Macron, compared to its earlier forecast of a victory for conservative Francois Fillon.
"We change our baseline to a Macron win (35 percent probability) – Fillon is our alternative scenario (30 percent)," Citigroup wrote in a research note.
It added it had increased the probability of a victory for far-right, National Front leader Marine Le Pen to 25 percent, but said it still saw a Le Pen win as "quite unlikely", while a recent surge in polls for far-left leader Jean-Luc Melenchon meant Citigroup put a "wild card scenario" result at 10 percent.
Opinion polls have consistently rated Macron as most likely to win the decisive, second-round run-off vote in May, although Citigroup cautioned that Macron's "En Marche!" (Onwards!) party remained unlikely to get an outright majority in the French parliament in June legislative elections.
"Even if Macron wins, we think it is unlikely that En Marche! will have an outright majority in the 577-seat lower house. Our baseline is a governing coalition, with a centre-right prime minister and with the support of some of the reformist part of the Socialist Party," wrote the U.S bank.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Adrian Croft)
PRESS DIGEST- British Business - June 15
The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
March 29 Innocoll Holdings Plc:
* Innocoll announces regulatory path forward after receiving formal FDA types a meeting minutes regarding its xaracoll (bupivacaine HCL collagen-matrix implant) new drug application
* Innocoll Holdings - announced receipt of formal type a meeting minutes from FDA relating to its new drug application (NDA) for xaracoll
* Innocoll Holdings-believes, if adequately financed, successful, additional studies may be completed in time for a NDA resubmission for xaracoll at end of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An emergency medicine specialist and toxicologist says road-side drug testing is a good idea in New Zealand - but that current spit tests would likely miss two of our biggest killers.
Scotland has this week announced it will introduce road-side drug testing of drivers this year, prompting some to ask whether it's time for New Zealand to follow suit.
Dr Paul Quigley, speaking this morning to TVNZ 1's Breakfast programme, said drug testing is a good idea, but that current technology is lacking and would likely miss things like synthetic cannabis and prescription drugs.
"We're very concerned at the level of impaired drivers on the road from drugs," Dr Quigley said.
"It's all very well going down the road, but if you've got these drugs on board, you lose your ability to react quickly."
Dr Quigley said that prescription medicines are necessities from day-to-day for many people, and that alternative transport options such as subsidised taxis or improved access to public transport should be considered and encouraged.
Road-side drug tests would "give the police a tool", they said, but that tool would need to be used as part of a wider approach to drug impairment.
"If you have a road-side test it only picks up a very few drugs, with cannabis being the most common one detected ... it can pick up the amphetamines as well and the drugs known as opiates - morphine, heroin, fentanyl and so on.
"But it won't detect synthetic cannabis - and we know that is a major problem on our roads at the moment.
March 29 Australian shares soared to their highest in almost two years on Wednesday, tracking overnight gains on Wall Street, as U.S. consumer confidence surged to a 16-year peak.
Cyclical sectors led the way after the strong consumer confidence data boosted investor views that the U.S. economy is on its way to stronger growth.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.7 percent, or 40.766 points to 5,862 by 0040 GMT, its highest since May 5, 2015.
The market was driven by "strong trading on consumer confidence last night, which does provide a good base for consumer spending and growth in the U.S. economy over the next few months," said Ric Spooner, chief market strategist at CMC Markets.
The market also "saw stabilisation in commodity prices last night" leading to "some recovery in the energy stocks and materials sector".
Materials gained following a rise in copper prices on Tuesday as hopes that U.S. President Donald Trump would shift focus away from their failed healthcare reform bill to economic stimulus lifted stocks and the dollar.
Chinese steel rebar prices also advanced on Tuesday, providing iron ore prices a brief lift after their worst day in months at the previous session.
The mining sector benchmark climbed 0.6 percent, with heavyweights Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals rising more than one percent each.
BHP Billiton edged up 0.7 percent.
Australia's energy index hit its highest in more than a month, driven by gains in oil prices.
Oil added as much as 2 percent on Tuesday after a severe disruption to Libyan oil supplies and as officials suggested OPEC members and other producing countries could extend output cuts to the end of the year.
Woodside Petroleum Ltd and Oil Search Ltd edged up 1.2 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively.
Transport fuel supplier Caltex Australia Ltd touched a five-week high.
The financial index hit a near three-week high, with the "Big Four" banks gaining between 0.9 percent to 1.3 percent.
Gold stocks, on the other hand, slipped 1.2 percent, dragged down by lower gold prices as the U.S. dollar firmed.
Gold miners Newcrest Mining Ltd and Northern Star Resources Ltd lost more than 1 percent each, with Northern Star diving to a two-week low.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 0.6 percent, or 41.95 points to 7,107.18.
Gains were spread across all sectors.
The biggest gainers on the index were a2 Milk Company Ltd and Fletcher Building, adding 3.51 percent and 2.1 percent respectively.
(Reporting by Christina Martin; Additional reporting by Sandhya Sampath; Editing by Eric Meijer)
April 28 (Reuters) -
* Old mutual wealth appoints tim tookey as chief financial officer
* Tim tookey is currently a non-executive director of old mutual wealth and chairperson of its audit committee
* Tookey's appointment is subject to regulatory approval Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Leeds are planning a pre-season tour of Myanmar despite the UK's Foreign Office travel warnings being in place for various parts of the country.
The Sky Bet Championship club is scheduled to play an All-Star XI in Yangon on May 9 and then Myanmar's national team in Mandalay on May 11.
Both cities fall outside areas which the Foreign Office has advised should be avoided.
A Leeds spokesperson told Press Association Sport that the club is liaising with the Foreign Office and will avoid any areas of conflict.
Further advice and travel details will be released for Leeds supporters, the club said.
Two companies owned by Leeds chairperson Andrea Radrizzani, Aser and Eleven Sports, have business partnerships in the region and there are expected to be commercial benefits from the tour.
Leeds will be holding football clinics with the Myanmar Football Federation Academies in Yangon and Mandalay.
Violent clashes between Myanmar's government troops and militants are on-going in several areas of the country.
Myanmar's governing regime has been accused of ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims, while insurgent attacks on police and army bases last summer killed 70 people.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
U.S. President Donald Trump boards Air Force One before traveling to Palm Beach, Florida, for a meeting with China's President Xi Jinping, from Joint Base Andrews, Maryland, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday they would be ready to act unilaterally to address North Korea's nuclear program if China does not step up to help with the matter.
"Certainly I would be," Trump told reporters when asked whether they would be willing act alone on North Korea. "But I think China will want to be stepping up."
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish)
The numbers for new Arizona Cardinals quarterback Sam Bradford's contract are in. After all the talk about paying Bradford a ridiculous $20 million per season, the truth is their contract is very reasonable.
Here are the numbers from Aaron Wilson:
Sam Bradford (Cardinals), $40M, $15M gtd, $10m signing bonus, salaries $5M (gtd), $7.5M (Option year); no trade clause, $10M roster bonus third day 2019 lg yr, $312,500 per game active 2018, $156,625 per game active 2019; $1M annual Super Bowl win incentive — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 19, 2018
The Cardinals get a very reasonable cap hit and a lot of injury protection. Bradford gets significant guaranteed money this year.
They get the $10 million signing bonus. In terms of the salary cap, it will count $5 million this year and $5 million next year. For the whole year's cap hit, it will be a minimum of $10 million if they are not active any game and $15 million if they are active all 16 games.
Bradford's contract will count a maximum of $25 million in 2019. There will the $5 million proration, a $10 million roster bonus on the third day of the 2019 league year, a $7.5 million salary and then up to $2.5 million in bonuses for games they are active. Their cap hit will be between $22.5 and $25 million.
They will get an addition $1 million for winning the Super Bowl each year.
If the Cardinals let them go after one year, their contract will carry $5 million in dead money next year.
This is a good contract. Bradford, a solid NFL starter, gets paid as an average to above-average starter (his $20 million per year average ranks only 17th among NFL quarterbacks) and the Cardinals get protection should they get hurt again and has to miss a significant number of games.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Prince's heirs are suing Walgreens and the Illinois hospital that treated them after they suffered a drug overdose just a week before they died.
Prince was 57 when they were found in an elevator at their Paisley Park estate on April 21, 2016. They died from an accidental overdose of the powerful synthetic opioid fentanyl.
About a week earlier, their plane made an emergency stop in Moline, Illinois, when they suffered from an opioid overdose and had to be revived by paramedics.
April 3 Reliance Capital Ltd:
* Says to consider and approve raising of limits for issue of non-convertible debentures on private placement basis Source text: bit.ly/2oAUIfM Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
By Bruno Federowski São Paulo, March 30 Yields paid on Brazilian interest rate futures were barely changed on Thursday after the central bank said it could accelerate rate cuts, all but confirming market expectations of a 100 basis-point reduction next month. In its quarterly inflation report, the central bank said that slower inflation could allow it to step up the pace of rate cuts and help pull the once-booming economy out of its worst recession ever. Investors were already banking on a faster monetary loosening, with yields on rate futures indicating a roughly 85 percent probability of a 100 basis-point decline in the central bank's April 11-12 meeting. The bank cut the benchmark Selic overnight lending rate by 75 basis points in each of its last two policy meetings to 12.25 percent. The Brazilian real seesawed, in line with other Latin American currencies. The Mexican peso touched a new five-month peak as traders awaited a central bank decision later in the day which is widely expected to increase the benchmark rate for a fifth straight meeting. Still, investors largely expect the bank to reduce the pace of hikes following the peso's recent rally. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1550 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % The Latest change change MSCI Emerging Markets 970.11 -0.18 12.71 MSCI LatAm 2661.71 -0.09 13.82 Brazil Bovespa 65372.35 -0.24 8.54 Mexico IPC 48774.09 -0.54 6.86 Chile IPSA 4830.36 -0.5 16.36 Chile IGPA 24167.26 -0.42 16.56 Argentina MerVal 20192.67 -0.05 19.36 Colombia IGBC 10198.82 0.45 0.70 Venezuela IBC 42621.40 0.66 34.43 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1208 -0.17 4.11 Mexico peso 18.6550 0.27 11.20 Chile peso 663.1 0.02 1.15 Colombia peso 2875.27 0.11 4.39 Peru sol 3.244 -0.03 5.24 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3650 0.46 3.32 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.86 0.25 6.05 (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Alistair Bell)
May 3 Detsky Mir says:
* Q1 revenue up 28.3 percent year on year to 21.1 billion roubles ($370 million);
* Q1 EBITDA at 0.8 billion roubles;
* EBITDA, adjusted for bonus expenses as part of a long-term incentive (LTI) plan, up 37.6 percent year on year to 1.1 billion roubles and adjusted EBITDA margin at 5.3 pct;
* Q1 net loss at 89 million roubles;
* Q1 net profit, adjusted for bonus expenses as part of LTI plan, up 34.4 percent to 137 million roubles. Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.0210 roubles) (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats story from Monday)
By Ulf Laessing, Karin Strohecker and Sujata Rao
LAGOS/LONDON, March 27 Earlier this year, an open letter in the Nigerian media from a group of business people attacked the "shameful" record of central bank governor Godwin Emefiele and demanded that they should go.
With Africa's largest economy in recession for the first time in 25 years, the letter reflects growing anger directed at Emefiele, whose insistence on keeping the naira artificially high is believed to have worsened Nigeria's oil-price induced slump.
Three years into their tenure, the flak is flying around the 55-year-old career banker once admiringly described by colleagues as a discreet man who gives little away.
The advertisement, which appeared in several newspapers and online news portals, is the most prominent expression so far of widespread discontent with the government's naira policy among senior figures from the worlds of business and investment.
"Whatever hard-won reforms we had, (the benefit) has been undone in the past two years by (Emefiele)," one of the signatories, accountant Feyi Fawehinmi, told Reuters. Another ad is being planned, they said.
Emefiele imposed currency restrictions in 2015, defying bankers' advice to float the naira and raise interest rates as some other oil exporters had done. Investors fled as the once promising emerging market was ejected from key bond indexes.
Economists and investors say they have given up seeking any clues from Emefiele, who once read out a 32-page statement on interest rates without referring to the issue the uppermost on their audience's mind - the frozen naira.
They are scathing about Emefiele, citing policies that have choked off the flow of dollars to official channels, fuelled a naira black market and ravaged domestic industry.
"Emefiele is responsible for the currency mismanagement. If someone achieves to beat down a currency like that, then a foreign investor like me can't support that," Lutz Roehmeyer, director at Landesbank Berlin Investment, told Reuters.
"Absolutely no one trusts or believes that this central bank is still able to fix this," they said, describing the forex policy sarcastically as a "masterstroke" that destroyed the economy.
STRONG CURRENCY
That policy accords with President Muhammadu Buhari's desire for a strong currency.
A 74-year-old former military ruler, Buhari has reminisced publicly about the 1980s when the naira traded at 1.3 per dollar, apparently viewing currency strength as a matter of national pride.
But Kingsley Moghalu, a former central bank deputy governor, says that does not absolve Emefiele of blame.
"Of course, there are many concerns that the bank is not being run in an independent manner in terms of policy ... But we all know that one of the burdens central bankers always have to carry is to do the right thing even if it is not popular," said Moghalu, who teaches now at Tufts University.
"So I don't care what excuse you give, what explanation you give – the result is what we are looking at."
Emefiele recently eased their grip on naira rates by offering dollars to different users and there are now at least five exchange rates. Moghalu called the multiple rates "a perfect recipe for corruption".
The central bank says a "managed float" is needed to offset low oil prices. It did not respond to requests for comment for this article and Emefiele declined interview requests.
Ordinary Nigerians are suffering widespread shortages of consumer goods, while factory closures, due to lack of raw materials and machinery, have caused job losses.
Nigeria's economy is heavily import dependent. By not making dollars available on a transparent basis, the central bank drives importers to the black market. As a result, inflation has rocketed but there are also shortages of imported goods.
The only winners from this policy are the few who obtain dollars they can sell on the black market, while everyone else is a loser. Prices for rice, Nigeria's staple food, have doubled in the two years since the policy came in.
"What do the measures take by the central bank to rescue our currency (sic). Please, Nigerians are crying," read a comment posted on the central bank's Facebook page on Feb. 13 as the naira black market rate fell below 500 per dollar.
To console such citizens, Emefiele has suggested their import curbs are rejuvenating domestic industry. In a March 11 speech, they rejected devaluation.
It was "an opportunity to change the economy's structure, resuscitate local manufacturing and expand job creation," the speech, posted on the central bank website, said.
But while Emefiele has cited domestic tomato processing as a beneficiary of the import curbs, one new plant has shut, unable to import machinery or tomatoes.
At a meeting of Nigeria's top economic advisory body to discuss the currency - Emefiele said everything was "under control" and called for "patience", according to a deputy state governor who attended the session.
They have also told reporters the naira will move in a 304-305 range, describing it as "a sort of floating market".
SURVIVAL
Emefiele, who ran one of Nigeria's biggest banks, Zenith, between 2010 and 2014, was appointed by then President Goodluck Jonathan. They replaced Lamido Sanusi who irked authorities by exposing a $20 billion scam at state oil firm NNPC.
After Buhari won the 2015 election, many expected Emefiele to join the list of Jonathan appointees who were fired. But the view now is that Emefiele suits Buhari, playing to the president's desire for a strong currency.
One Nigeria-based banker said Emefiele remains in their job because they carry out Buhari's wishes. A former government economic policymaker said the central bank chief's relations with their deputy governors were poor but they felt they could ignore them because they had Buhari's backing.
Neither Emefiele nor the central bank press office replied to request for comment on these allegations.
But they have some defenders, and while Buhari is in office, political analysts believe Emefiele will also remain in post. Buhari, however, has been scaling down their schedule since they returned from extended sick leave and is expected to have more medical treatment in London next month.
By crushing imports, Emefiele has balanced Nigeria's current account and boosted hard currency reserves. Inflation may be starting to slow.
This month, Vanguard, one of Nigeria's biggest dailies, named Emefiele "Personality of the Year". The paper praised their "long-term strategy for strengthening the Nigerian economy" and efforts to build non-oil industry.
WHERE IS EMEFIELE ?
Emefiele has reduced public engagements and has not given interviews to foreign media in over a year. They did not attend a Nigerian investment roadshow this year, sending a deputy instead.
Perhaps that was down to their experience at last summer's roadshow in London.
One investor at that meeting recalled Emefiele telling fund managers and analysts the naira was solid and there was no issue with the foreign exchange market. For that they were angrily berated by some investors present.
Most investors will want to see more than a floating naira before they return to Nigeria, said John Bates, a strategist at PineBridge Investments. A key question may be whether Emefiele completes their tenure, which runs until 2019.
"They need to find credible speakers. There is an element of mistrust in the market, and I am referring to the central bank and the presidency," Bates said. (Editing by Giles Elgood)
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
- Hiroshi Tanahashi cut their signature blonde hair and colored it a dark shade of red for an upcoming movie they are filming. Tanahashi, who worked the G1 Climax Tournament with a biceps injury, is set to begin filming this week. Below is a photo of their new haircut:
The filming of the movie begins from tomorrmw. So I cut hair. #movie pic.twitter.com/vJ5sz45cj7 — ???? (@tanahashi1_100) August 14, 2017
- Ring of Honor announced that Los Ingobernables De Japon (Tetsuya Naito, Hiromu Takahashi & NEVER Openweight Six Men Champions Bushi, Evil and Sanada) will face The Bullet Club (ROH World Champion Cody, ROH Tag Team Champions The Young Bucks, Marty Scurll and Adam Page) in the War of the Worlds UK: London main event on Friday, August 18, 2017. There will be three shows on the tour promoted by ROH in conjunction with NJPW, CMLL and Revolution Pro Wrestling. You can read more details by clicking here.
- The Young Bucks bid farewell to Tokyo after losing the IWGP Junior Tag Team Championship to Ryusuke Taguchi and Ricochet on Sunday. You can view a photo below:
Good bye Japan! Not sure when we'll be back but it's always a pleasure. Tokyo is one of my favorite places to visit and perform! pic.twitter.com/Mw0S9uXO81 — The Young Bucks (@NickJacksonYB) August 14, 2017
We have complete results from Day 19 of NJPW G1 Climax 27 available at this link.
- All shows from the 2017 NJPW G1 Climax 27 Tournament are now available at NJPW World.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Fine wine has been one of the best performing asset classes of the last 20 years, and with some bottles fetching thousands of pounds at auction, buying high-end cases could be the answer to an early retirement.
But what should you be looking for? Cult Wines, one of the largest UK fine wine investment companies, has identified the most expensive wines available to buy today, with some worth upwards of £15,000 (NZ$26,675) per bottle.
1. Domaine de la Romanee-Conti - Romanee-Conti Grand Cru - Burgundy, France
Average price per bottle: £11,793 (NZ$20,970)
Most expensive vintage: 1990, £15,702 per bottle (NZ$27,922)
Advertisement
Romanee-Conti is one of two monopoles owned by the world renowned Domaine de La Romanée Conti - often abbreviated to DRC - and is widely regarded as the most sought after wine in the world.
Production levels vary from 5,000-5,500 bottles per year from the 1.8 hectare vineyard.
Wines from the DRC stable have an excellent track record for growth, and over the past 10-15 years have been the best performing wines from Burgundy.
The Burgundy 150 Index is up 298pc over the last 15 years and has proven to be the most consistent wine index across this period.
2. Egon Muller - Scharzhofberger Riesling - Trockenbeerenauslese - Mosel, Germany
Average price per bottle: £8,183 (NZ$14,551)
Most expensive vintage: 2003, £13,110 (NZ$23,313) per bottle
Egon Müller is a German winemaker and owner of the wine producer Weingut Egon Müller, Scharzhof, located just outside Wiltingen.
Since the 1900s the slopes of the Scharzhofberger have been well known for the quality of their wine, but it was the Müller family that affirmed the estate's reputation for producing some of the best white wines in the world, with an unrivalled ability to produce great sweet wines in years when other estates fail.
The winery's most prized wine is the Scharzhofberger Riesling.
3. Domaine Leroy - Musigny Grand Cru - Cote de Nuits, France
Average price per bottle: £5,824 (NZ$10,356)
Most expensive vintage: 2012, £10,684 (NZ$19,000) per bottle
Previously a co-owner of Domaine de la Romanee Conti (with a 50pc stake purchased by their father Henri Leroy back in 1942), Madame Leroy is a pioneer of biodynamic means of production. They parted ways with DRC in 1992 as their side business of Domaine Leroy quickly became a direct rival.
It is widely noted that Madame Leroy makes their best wines in Musigny, and the sense of exclusivity surrounding the wines makes the price palatable for those consumers wealthy enough to consider buying them. Production levels for Musigny are estimated to be as low as 600-700 bottles per year.
4. Domaine Leflaive - Montrachet Grand Cru - Cote de Beaune, France
Average price per bottle: £5,201 (NZ$9,248)
Most expensive vintage: 2014, £8,885 (NZ$15,800) per bottle
The late Anne Claude Leflaive, sometimes described as the Grande Dame of Burgundy, is recognised as the most famous producer in Puligny-Montrachet.
Domaine Leflaive's holdings represent some of the most precious terroirs in the world for Chardonnay, including the legendary Grand Cru vineyard Le Montrachet itself, which, most will agree, produces the greatest white Burgundy. Production levels are - as you would expect - miniscule, given that there are only 0.0821 hectares of Le Montrachet.
5. Domaine Georges & Christophe Roumier - Musigny Grand Cru - Cote de Nuits, France
Average price per bottle: £4,918 (NZ$8,745)
Most expensive vintage: 1990, £8,674 (NZ$15,424) per bottle
In 1924, a young man named Georges Roumier married a local Chambolle-Musigny girl, and as a dowry they received a selection of Chambolle Musigny vineyards. From there, Domaine Georges Roumier was born.
Over the years the Roumier family has purchased pockets of various Grand Cru vineyards and now boasts five in total. The star of the show is Musigny; produced on a micro level with only 350-380 bottles produced per year, on average.
6. Domaine de la Romanee-Conti - Montrachet Grand Cru - Cote de Beaune, France
Average price per bottle: £4,176 (NZ$7,426)
Most expensive vintage: 1988, £6,073 (NZ$10,800) per bottle
The combination of having the most prestigious estate and arguably the greatest white wine terroir in the world makes DRC a dominated producer in the market. DRC had previously only produced red wine, until 1963 when it secured the first of three plots within Montrachet.
7. Joh. Jos. Prüm - Wehlener Sonnenuhr - Riesling Trockenbeerenauslese - Mosel, Germany
Average price per bottle: £3,872 (NZ$6,885)
Most expensive vintage: 1990, £5,701(NZ$10,137) per bottle
The Prüm family have always had a presence in Wehlen, dating back more than 400 years. Since the 1920s, the family has been regarded as one of the best Riesling producers in Germany. The estate claims 14 acres of vineyards, with more than 70pc of the vines being entirely un-grafted. Production levels are very low and vary depending on vintage, making the wine all the more valuable.
8. Fritz Haag - Brauneberger Juffer Sonnenuhr - Riesling - Trockenbeerenauslese Goldkapsel - Mosel, Germany
Average price per bottle: £3,173 (NZ$5,642
Most expensive vintage: 1971, £3,773 (NZ$6,710) per bottle
The Fritz Haag vineyards are steeped in family history dating back hundreds of years. At the beginning of 2005, Oliver Haag took over the vineyard from their father, Wilhelm - who had taken over from their own father in 1957. Wilhelm only planned to stay for a single harvest, but it developed into a life of wine-growing until the vineyard was handed over to the next generation in 2005.
Only Riesling grapes, which are tended to throughout the year by experienced employees, are to be found in the top locations of the Fritz Haag vineyard and only in the finest years will a vintage be produced.
9. Domaine Leroy - Chambertin Grand Cru - Cote de Nuits, France
Average price per bottle: £3,172 (NZ$5,640)
Most expensive vintage: 1990, £5,512 (NZ$9,800) per bottle
Leroy's Chambertin is second only to their Musigny. Them annual production is just 16 hectolitres per hectare - whereas the regional norm within Burgundy is closer to 40. Production levels for Chambertin are estimated to be between 750 and 900 bottles per year in most vintages.
With their global cache increasing year on year, it is not surprising to see Madame Leroy feature three times in the top 10 list.
10. Domaine Leroy - Richebourg Grand Cru - Cote de Nuits, France
Average price per bottle: £2,838 (NZ$5,045)
Most expensive vintage: 1949, £4,382 (NZ$7,793) per bottle
Leroy currently owns two separate plots within Richebourg; one larger plot in the northern part of the vineyard on the border to Les Verroilles ou Richebourg, and another positioned between DRC and Mongeard-Mugneret.
Leroy acquired these plots early in 1988 when it bought the Charles Noellat estate. In total, Leroy owns 0.78 hectare within Richebourg.
By Anusha Ravindranath May 2 Southeast Asian stocks rose on Tuesday taking cues from Asian peers, with Singapore surging to its highest level in 20 months buoyed by better-than-expected earnings in the banking sector. Regional markets reopened after a long holiday weekend, with investors making bullish bets, as an overnight rally on Wall Street and easing geo-political concerns over North Korea boosted sentiment. In Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.6 percent. Tensions over the Korean peninsula eased slightly after U.S. President Donald Trump said on Monday they would be honoured to meet North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un under the right circumstances. Singapore shares gained as much as 1.01 percent to touch their highest since Aug. 11, 2015. Financials led the rally, after the city-state's biggest lender DBS Group's quarterly profit beat market expectations. Last week, smaller peer United Overseas Bank had reported a strong quarterly profit on the back of higher net interest income and trading income. "Some of the earnings recovery stories were really intense, and we expect the index to do a lot better in the second half as well," said Joanne Goh, equity strategist, DBS Bank Ltd. Philippines shares were on track to post their biggest intraday percentage gain in a week, supported by consumer and real estate stocks. Property developer SM Prime Holdings was among the top performers, rising up to 2.5 percent. Malaysian stock index climbed to its highest in nearly two years. Financials and consumer stocks supported the momentum, with CIMB Group Holdings Bhd gaining as much as 3.5 percent. While Jakarta was up as much as 0.5 percent, Thai shares remained largely flat. Vietnam stock market was closed for a holiday. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change at 0515 GMT Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3201.64 3175.44 0.83 Bangkok 1566.76 1566.32 0.03 Manila 7714.3 7661.01 0.70 Jakarta 5696.326 5685.298 0.19 Kuala Lumpur 1776.21 1768.06 0.46 Change so far this year Market Current End prev yr Pct Move Singapore 3201.64 2880.76 11.14 Bangkok 1566.76 1542.94 1.54 Manila 7714.3 6840.64 11.33 Jakarta 5696.326 5296.711 7.54 Kuala Lumpur 1776.21 1641.73 8.19 (Reporting by Anusha Ravindranath in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
So how do you follow Ruan Pienaar? As unenviable prospects go it must be right up there to wear the Ulster number nine shirt vacated after the South African legend, and Kingspan Stadium favourite, was forced to move on.
Yet that scenario appealed to John Cooney as they quit Connacht – where they were second choice to Kieran Marmion – to head north and do battle with the long-serving Paul Marshall to take full ownership of Pienaar's former jersey.
“It's a challenge, but I'm here for the challenge,” said the 27-year-old who began their playing career at Leinster.
“It's obviously a big deal with them leaving but I prefer to come into a place where a big name or player has been before because I like that challenge.”
In fairness it was really a no-brainer for Cooney who, though they collected a Heineken Cup and European Challenge Cup at Leinster, while also picking up Pro12 honours there before doing likewise in Connacht, has never been able to establish themselves as a front-line player and was benched for all those finals.
Opportunity
Now, at Ulster, they have that opportunity and is hungry for regular game-time regardless of having to follow quite an act in the now Montpellier-based Pienaar.
“I remember hearing about them [Pienaar] having to leave on the radio,” Cooney recalls of the situation that emerged 12 months ago with the IRFU demanding that, after seven years at Ulster, the World Cup-winning Springbok finally make way for an Irish qualified player.
“And straight away I thought ‘there's an opportunity there' because I was out of contract at Connacht. So when I heard that, I texted my agent straightaway. I was hoping they'd [Ulster] get on to me about it and a few weeks later they did.
“From there it was pretty straightforward.”
With Cooney ticking all the boxes, the deal was done. They were then selected for Ireland's summer tour, where they picked up their first full international cap with a short cameo off the bench in the second Test in Japan, further helping their confidence and determination to make things work at Ulster.
They make no secret that at this stage of their career – having largely played in the shadow of Marmion in Galway – they want the chance to play regularly.
“Between me and Kieran (Marmion) we'd sometimes got game-time between us but I want to play in big games and don't want to be starting one game and subbing the next,” they stated of their three years at Connacht.
“With game-time being limited there (Connacht), that was the main thing really (that brought me to Ulster).”
When they talk of how their pathway was blocked at Leinster and then again at Connacht, this opening, at the third Irish province they will have represented, makes abundant sense.
“Patience is something I've had to learn over the years,” they say with a smile.
Extra dimensions
They also bring to Ulster extra dimensions to their game with goal-kicking and even an outing at 10 for Connacht also bolstering their cause to be a more than useful replacement for Pienaar as Les Kiss's squad seek to avoid revisiting their deeply disappointing last campaign.
Another new arrival from an Irish province is Springbok Jean Deysel who was with Munster for the tail-end of last season on a short-term deal to cover injuries in Rassie Erasmus's squad.
The powerful 32-year-old powerful backrower was to return to the Sharks – where Ulster have previously sourced Pienaar, BJ Botha, Johann Muller and current squad members Wiehahn Herbst and Marcell Coetzee – following Munster's Guinness Pro12 final defeat to the Scarlets but, after Kiss's signing of Arno Botha fell through, Deysel was offered, and gladly took, a two-year contract.
“When it happened I was really over the moon because I'd always heard good things about Ulster as I know so many friends who have played or are still playing there.
“I spoke to Ruan a lot about it and it really was an easy ‘yes' when it came up,” Deysel, who impressed at Munster, added.
AUSTRALIAN nurses and midwives have launched a campaign to push the Federal Government to take action on aged care.
Queensland Nurses and Midwives' Union secretary Beth Mohle said more than 260,000 Australian nurses and midwives had united to demand the Commonwealth Government stop unnecessary pain, suffering and premature deaths in aged care facilities.
Ms Mohle said the quarter million-plus Australian nurses and midwives wanted higher standards and greater regulation in aged care facilities nation-wide.
"Australia is in the midst of an aged care crisis,” they said.
"Elderly Australians in aged care facilities are regularly experiencing pain and premature death.
"Australia's 260,000-plus nurses and midwives call on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to acknowledge and address chronic understaffing and neglect in Australian aged care.
"I ask Malcolm Turnbull, how many elderly Australians must die painfully and unnecessarily before they act?''
The QNMU has and will continue to call for the introduction of Federal legislative change to make safe staff levels law in all aged care facilities.
Currently there are no laws that state even a single Registered Nurse (RN) must be on site in an aged care facility at any time. When on staff, it is not unheard of for a single RN to be left with up to 200 residents.
The Federal Government is responsible for overseeing conditions in Australia's 2400-plus privately-run facilities.
Ms Mohle said chronic understaffing meant elderly residents did not receive quality care and neglect meant simple medical conditions could cost the elderly their lives.
They said aged care nurses and support staff had repeatedly told the QNMU chronic understaffing meant they couldn't properly feed or wash those in their care.
"Aged care staff throughout Queensland and Australia are desperately trying to provide care in the face of ongoing, widespread and chronic understaffing,'' Ms Mohle said.
"Understaffing in aged care means elderly Australians are being neglected in almost every community.''
The QNMU and Australian Nursing and Midwifery Federation have launched a national campaign to fight for legislative change in aged care.
TV advertisements featuring real nurses and real stories have started airing this week.
The ads will call for the introduction of federal legislative change to make safe staff levels law in aged care facilities.
Other events will be announced in coming weeks.
Federica Mogherini, High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs, delivers a speech at Tsinghua University, in Beijing, China April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
Children jump up to grab a European Union flag during an anti-Brexit demonstration after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the process by which the United Kingdom will leave the Euopean Union, in Birmingham, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Staples
BEIJING Britain will lose more than the European Union from its decision to leave the bloc, the EU's top diplomat said on Thursday, and talks with London were expected to be difficult.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain's divorce from the EU last month, declaring there was no turning back, ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc's cohesion and pitch their country into the unknown.
RECOMMENDED: On path to forecast landslide, May must win over pro-EU voters
Britain now has two years to negotiate the terms of the divorce before it comes into effect in late March 2019.
The EU's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini, said during a visit to Beijing the negotiations would be difficult.
"They will have to dismantle their belonging to a community. We will lose an important member state," they told students at the elite Tsinghua University.
"Let me tell you that to me all member states are important, equally, because one can be contributing more on some policies than others. But I think our British friends will lose more than what we lose," they said.
REUTERS POLL: One-in-three chance Britain leaves EU on WTO terms
Brexit negotiations will start as planned in June, after Britons vote in a snap general election, the EU said on Wednesday. Britain's parliament has endorsed May's call for a vote on June 8.
"It's clear in our treaties that it is two years, only two years, from when the negotiations start, that was March this year. This cannot be delayed. I do not expect that it will be faster than that," Mogherini said.
China has looked on with some concern at the Brexit process, nervous about instability in the bloc that is China's largest trading partner. It will lose around a sixth of its economic output when Britain leaves the EU.
"The European Union, even after the UK will be out, will continue to be the first market in the world, the second largest economy in the world," Mogherini said.
"I am seeing all our partners in these months telling us that the European Union is needed, and this is the message I also get from here in China that the European Union is an indispensable partner in the world today," they said.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Writing by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Paul Tait)
* Fresh uncertainty towards French elections adds to risk aversion
* Yen hits five-month highs vs dollar, euro, sterling and Aussie
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, April 12 The yen hit five-month highs against the dollar, euro and sterling on Wednesday, as simmering geopolitical tensions checked risk appetite and put the safe-haven Japanese currency in favour.
Investors' flight-to-safety underpinned traditional safe-havens like the yen, U.S. Treasuries and gold, amid fresh worries over France's presidential election, and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea.
"It cannot come as a surprise that the financial markets are fully focused on political developments and investors are increasingly looking for safe havens as a result," wrote Commerzbank currency strategists in a research note. "In the FX markets it is mainly the Japanese yen that is benefitting from this development - not exactly a major surprise."
"What is more surprising is that the dollar, which is usually in demand in uncertain times, has not been able to appreciate. That is probably mainly due to the fact that the United States is at the centre of these geopolitical risks."
The dollar fell on Tuesday and added to those losses on Wednesday, edging down 0.1 percent against a basket of major currencies to 100.62.
North Korean state media threatened a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression on Tuesday, while U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that Pyongyang was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
Trump's administration also accused Russia of trying to shield Syria's government from blame for a deadly gas attack, as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson brought a Western message to Moscow condemning its support for President Bashar al-Assad.
The Japanese currency had gained over 1 percent on Tuesday, with the dollar falling below 110 yen for the first time since mid-November, and it extended those gains on Wednesday, trading as strongly as 109.35 yen to the dollar in Asian trade.
In European trade it had come off those highs but was still up 0.1 percent on the day, at 109.625.
It was a little down against the euro after earlier hitting 115.91.
"There were a lot of bids and option barriers lined up around 110 yen, so a breach of this level shows how widespread the latest dollar selling was," said Junichi Ishikawa, senior forex strategist at IG Securities in Tokyo.
"The yen's gains against the euro also bears watching, with uncertainty towards the French presidential elections clearly the driving factor."
And in a new twist to the French elections, a far-left veteran who had been written off as a long shot has now surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios.
The euro edged up against a struggling dollar to $1.0617 .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
RAQA - The stench is overwhelming, but Fawaz does not let it stop him. Stepping around the blue body bags, they search for their brother's remains in the largest mass grave uncovered in Syria's Raqa.
The sacks are lined up on an otherwise bare football pitch neighbouring Raqa's national hospital, where jihadists from the Islamic State group made their last stand for their withering "caliphate."
US-backed forces ousted IS from the devastated city in October, leaving the Raqa Civil Council to run it.
Around a week ago, the RCC discovered dozens of bodies buried in the vast courtyard and have begun carefully retrieving them.
One worker pulls back a piece of sky-blue tarp. Fawaz Hamadeh puts their hand over their nose, and leans in over the decomposing body.
The thin 21-year-old is searching for any signs of their brother, fatally wounded in heavy bombardment during the battle's final days.
"My parents were able to leave, and they were supposed to flee too -- but they couldn't find a car and it was too late," Hamadeh says.
They heard their brother was buried in the yard, but the body they are looking at is unfamiliar.
"I'm feeling so much pain because I can't find my brother's body or that of their wife," says Hamadeh.
They look around at the rows of dead, the rusting carcasses of cars, the crumbling multi-storey buildings.
"It's indescribable, the size of this disaster we're living," they say.
- 'Children, women, fighters' -
IS captured Raqa in 2014 and made it the de facto Syrian capital of the infamous "caliphate" across which it imposed a rule of terror.
The bodies found outside the hospital appeared to be from a makeshift cemetery used in the final stages of the Raqa offensive, local officials say, and not the result of a group execution.
Under the blistering sun, first responders wearing white surgical masks and plastic gloves dig straight, shallow trenches using shovels and their bare hands.
Six workers retrieve a thick, maroon-coloured blanket holding a decomposing body.
"A woman, looks to be in their forties," one notes, as they write in a red notebook.
Around 60 bodies have been retrieved since the mass grave was found around a week ago, says Yasser al-Khamis, who heads the RCC's first responder team.
"We've seen children's bodies, women, and fighters, too. We saw bodies with hands or heads cut off. Most are civilians," they say.
Of the recovered corpses, 10 have been identified by relatives.
But as many as 200 could be buried there in total, estimates Abdullah al-Arian, who heads the RCC's reconstruction committee.
"After we extract the body, the forensics doctor examines it. If their loved ones are there and can identify it, we hand it over," they say.
"Otherwise, we take pictures -- teeth, bones, any anatomical identifiers -- and bury them with a number so we can identify them later," Arian says.
The RCC has been retrieving bodies from the rubble across Raqa, left in ruins by the months-long assault to oust IS. Arian says 655 have been found so far.
"We're still searching for bodies, finding them through resident reports, the smell, or the flies," they say.
- Indescribable grief -
Ali Hassan, 52, has been trekking to the pitch for days, hoping each newly-uncovered corpse is their brother's.
"Every time they pull out a body, we check if it's him. We know their clothes, the documents they would have had in their pajama pockets," says Hassan.
For Mohammad Abdulhameed, seeing the mass grave was like being sent back into a nightmare.
The 32-year-old lawyer remembers how IS would bring groups of dead from the nearby hospital to be buried there.
"Daesh wouldn't let anyone bury their dead," they recall, using the Arabic word for IS.
"My friend died and I took them to the hospital, but they forbade me from burying them or even being present during the burial," says Abdulhameed.
Instead, they watched from behind a nearby wall and is now back, searching for the grave.
"They robbed us of our most basic human rights. Our memories are scattered. It's a grief I can't describe."
Meridian Township Police stated today that they will be making changes to the way the department investigates sexual assault claims. The department is also going to look back over the last 18 years of investigations.
Erin Roberts at End Violent Encounters (EVE), tells FOX 47 that Meridian Township Police have done a great service to the survivors and the community by admitting they were wrong and apologizing for it. They say improving their investigations will help hold the right people accountable.
"Apologies go a long way, transparency goes a long way," said Roberts.
Roberts praised Meridian Township both for the procedural changes it's making and for the apology to Brianne Randall-Gay. They told FOX 47 if more organizations admit their mistakes it could convince more survivors to come forward and start to heal.
"When you realize you're not alone and you have other people that have had similar experiences It will encourage people to come forward," said Roberts.
The changes include annual in-depth instruction in how to investigate criminal sexual conduct cases and teaching officers and detectives how to address survivors and their needs. The department is also asking Randall-Gay to make a video telling their story to be used for training.
Roberts feels empowering them and other survivors will make it easier for police to put predators away.
"Those are the true voices that will lead us into a better society and handleing situations like this," said Roberts.
Meridian Township Police plan to start the new training in March. The department hasn't said how long it will take to implement.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rush hour commuters should expect delays after a lorry overturned on a slip road near to the M6.
The Jeavons HGV is currently lying on its side on the M6 entry slip road at J6 A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road on the Salford Circus roundabout, just under Spaghetti Junction.
The driver was unhurt and emergency services are currently on the scene. Erdington Fire have said one lane has reopened and a recovery firm is in attendance.
(Image: @wmasjwilliams)
Highways England tweeted: "1 lane is now open on the roundabout at Salford Circus (underneath Spaghetti Junction Birmingham). 1 lane remains closed due to an overturned lorry. Traffic is delayed from the M6 north + southbound from the A5127 + A38 at this roundabout.
"CMPG are at scene."
They tweeted earlier: “There's been a collision on the roundabout at Salford Circus (underneath Spaghetti Junction #Birmingham).
“A lorry has overturned. As a result, traffic cannot join the #M6 north + southbound from the A5127 + #A38 at this roundabout. Emergency services inc. @CMPG are at scene.”
(Image: WMFS Erdington)
Paramedic James Williams said: “Currently on scene at an overturned HGV Stockland green, access to M6 blocked, no injury to driver.”
We will bring you more on this story as we get it.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Cricket - India v Australia - Fourth Test cricket match - Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium, Dharamsala - 28/03/17 - India's Virat Kohli and Mohammed Shami (R) shares a moment during an award ceremony after winning the series. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Cricket - India v Australia - Fourth Test cricket match - Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium, Dharamsala - 28/03/17 - India's Virat Kohli (L) and Ajinkya Rahane (R) receive the trophy from the former Indian cricket player Sunil Gavaskar after winning the series. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
DHARAMSALA, India As India celebrate the return of the Border-Gavaskar Trophy from previous holders Australia, the overriding consensus is that the hosts maintained order between the sport's top two test sides in a series that had everything.
Seldom has a tour been dragged deep into the gutter through tit-for-tat accusations of cheating and foul play only for it to rise magnificently in the wake of some quality cricket by the bitterest of antagonists.
"It was a magnificent series, one of the best I've been part of," Australia captain Steve Smith, a key protagonist in the series, said after their team finally succumbed to a 2-1 loss in the fourth and final test on Tuesday.
Given their history, it seemed inevitable that tempers would flare between sides that endorse an identical brand of aggressive cricket when they met in Pune for the opener, which passed without incident barring a surprise win for the visitors.
The veneer cracked in the second test, however, when all hell broke loose after Smith gestured to their dressing room whether to review an lbw decision against them during a tense but fruitless run chase in Bengaluru.
The "brain fade" drew a predictable reaction from their feisty Indian counterpart Virat Kohli, who claimed it was but one of several similar breaches by the tourists, an allegation Australia summarily dismissed.
The incident quickly snowballed into a major crisis with both boards springing to the defence of their respective captains.
BITTERNESS RETURNS
The game's governing body moved quickly to douse the flames with a lenient view of the episode, which must have felt like deja vu for India coach Anil Kumble.
Kumble was captain of the Indian team who threatened to abandon their 2008 tour of Australia after Harbhajan Singh was found guilty of racially abusing Andrew Symonds, a conviction that was later overturned.
Match referee Richie Richardson sat Kohli and Smith down before the third test, reminding them of their duty to uphold the spirit of the game.
The draw in Ranchi stood out for Cheteshwar Pujara's dogged resistance and Pat Cummins' successful return to test cricket but the bitterness returned when Glenn Maxwell mocked Kohli for an injury that would keep them out of the series decider.
India prevailed in Dharamsala, the third new test venue unveiled in the series, after some fine individual performances pushed the balance in the home side's favour, but there was little let up in the acrimony.
Ravindra Jadeja exchanged heated words with Matthew Wade and Smith was caught on camera mouthing abuse towards Murali Vijay after they claimed a clean catch that was overturned by the TV umpire.
"I have sort of been very intense in my own little bubble, and at times I have let my emotions and actions just falter a little bit throughout this series and I apologise for that," added Smith, the top scorer in the series.
Kohli, who endured a poor run with the bat, made no such conciliatory attempt, saying they were no longer friends with the Australian cricketers, many of whom they would be meeting in the Indian Premier League (IPL) next month.
(Editing by John O'Brien)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Revellers take part in a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Revellers take part in a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. Image taken with long exposure. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Revellers dance during a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. Image taken with long exposure. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Local residents and tourists take part in waterfights during the annual Thai New Year celebration Songkran water festival on the island of Koh Samui in Thailand, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Revellers take part in a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
Revellers take part in a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
Local residents and tourists take part in waterfights during the annual Thai New Year celebration Songkran water festival on the island of Koh Samui in Thailand, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Local residents and tourists take part in waterfights during the annual Thai New Year celebration Songkran water festival on the island of Koh Samui in Thailand, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Revellers take part in a water fight at Songkran Festival celebrations in Bangkok, Thailand April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BANGKOK Thailand kicked off its annual water festival or Songkran holiday on Thursday amid warnings from the military government to rein in the festival's usual exuberance as the country mourns its late king.
Thailand is in a year of mourning for widely revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej who died in October aged 88. Many entertainment events since their death have been scaled back or cancelled as a sign of respect.
King Maha Vajiralongkorn, the late king's son, is the new monarch.
The government has warned revellers not to wear skimpy clothing and to limit their alcohol intake, among other pronouncements.
Road fatalities usually soar during the national holiday with drink-driving being one of the top causes.
"I want everyone to help reduce accidents and have a little common sense. The selling of alcohol near festivals has caused chaos and the meaning of Songkran has been twisted," Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha told reporters on Wednesday.
"We have to do our part in preserving our culture and traditions," they added.
Since taking power in a 2014 coup, Prayuth's military government has tried to restore what it sees as traditional Thai values, saying some Thai traditions have been corrupted by outside, Western influences.
But the warnings are unlikely to put a dampener on Thailand's most important holiday and one of its biggest tourist attractions – a time when Thais and tourists alike take part in boisterous street water fights armed with water pistols and buckets.
Songkran, which has been called the "world's biggest water fight", is also a time when Thais pay their respects to their elders by pouring water through their hands - a gesture meant to symbolize purification ahead of the new year.
The tourism authority said it expects the number of international tourists celebrating Songkran to rise 10 percent from the previous year to reach 470,000 visitors.
(Reporting by Amy Sawitta Lefevre and Cod Satrusayang; Writing by Amy Sawitta Lefevre; Editing by Michael Perry)
April 10 Gruppo Mutuionline SpA:
* Minority shareholders of unit 7Pixel Srl requested activation of sale process for 100 pct of 7Pixel
* The company holds 51 pct stakes in 7Pixel
* The company confirms its intention to participate to such process as a potential buyer of the remaining 49 pct of the company Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The logo of the materials company Saint-Gobain is seen on the company tower at La Defense business and financial district in Courbevoie near Paris, France, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen
ZURICH French group Saint-Gobain (SGOB.PA) has extended until the end of this year its contract to buy a controlling stake in Swiss construction chemicals maker Sika (SIK.S) from Sika's founding family and may prolong it again until the end of 2018, it said.
"This further extension of the sale agreement once again reflects the alignment between the Burkard family and Saint-Gobain and their unwavering determination," it said in a statement on Thursday.
The family is at odds with Sika management over the agreement by Saint-Gobain to pay 2.75 billion Swiss francs ($2.74 billion) for the 16 percent stake that comes with nearly 53 percent of the voting rights. Management has blocked the deal by restricting the family's voting rights to 5 percent, prompting a legal battle that is still playing out.
(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, Editing by Michael Shields)
"Both Vysotskaya and Clauß deliver extraordinary performances in this thoughtful and challenging film."
One of the notable trends in independent filmmaking over the past few years has been an increasing tendency to approach big subjects through small, personal stories. Paradise deals with the Second World War, the Nazi occupation of France and the concentration camps, but there are never more than 20 people onscreen at a time. Three characters appear in interview, addressing an unknown authority. As they reflect on their experiences, we see how their fates were intertwined and how the things they saw carried them in different moral directions.
Jules (Philippe Duquesne) is the simplest of the characters, a French collaborator whom, it emerges, has a particular reason to be afraid for their family which has perhaps prompted them to take the course they have. Nevertheless, they seem to relish the opportunity to be cruel, and when they capture Russian aristocrat Olga (Yuliya Vysotskaya), who has been arrested for hiding Jewish children, they become sexually threatening. To her, though, he's a footnote in a much bigger story as they are sent to a concentration camp where the fight for democracy and civility gives way to a fight simply to stay alive. Gone are the carefree days of the early Thirties when, on holiday, they once attracted the attention of Helmut (Christian Clauß), a naif, almost sweet young man who comes into the orbit of Heinrich Himmler (Viktor Sukhorukov) and finds themselves rising in the ranks of the SS. Sent to investigate alleged corruption in a number of camps, Helmut finds Olga again, but now they are not only in different situations, they are very different people. Has the war changed them, or was the potential for this always there, inside?
Both Vysotskaya and Clauß deliver extraordinary performances in this thoughtful and challenging film. Relatively little direct attention is paid to the horrors of the Holocaust - the audience will already be familiar with them, and the brief glimpses we do get are more powerful for their scarcity, producing acute distress rather than a dull ache that might be tuned out. Instead, the film concentrates on the psychological impact of what the different characters go through, and this is a lot more complex, surprising and disturbing than you might expect.
The film's power stems partly from the context of its release. A speech about the future of the Nazi dream - creating the 'paradise' of the title, when everyone deemed not good enough has been eliminated - is very much part of the story and doesn't feel like pasted-in political comment, but in today's fractured political landscape it's chilling in a way that it would not have been a decade ago. Director Andrei Konchalovskiy is concerned in part with how people come to think like this, and Helmut's journey is fascinating to watch, full of moments which are easy to misinterpret until one sees them again in retrospect. As they watch an old friend gradually break down under the strain, we are invited to think about the impact of events on perpetrators as well as victims, and to consider the ways in which delusion can increase in importance, rather than shattering, as events spiral further out of control.
Olga's experience is one that viewers are more likely to feel comfortable relating to, but it's still not straightforward, and is complicated by guilt, awareness of their privilege and awareness of their willingness to let go of almost everything they value when the pressure is really on. As they come to pity Helmut, they struggle to understand themselves and to see a future for either of them. Konchalovskiy counterpoints the mechanical processes of mass murder with the societal wound that develops as a result. A camp commander complaining that they are under-resourced shows Helmut what look like real photos of human bodies stacked up in carts. We are left to wonder what each character is really feeling when looking at them, and what that says about our own emotional and cognitive biases.
Paradise is beautifully shot in grainy black and white, giving way to smoother, brighter images only in those brief romantic memories of the time before the madness began. It's interestingly framed, with conversations glimpsed through doorways so that sometimes one of the speakers is offscreen, emphasising the dissonance involved. More disturbing than the grime of the camp barracks is the ordinariness of the meeting rooms and offices where all this brutality is managed. They make it impossible to view this as something remote. Konchalovskiy's tale captures the banality of evil, presents it as contemporary, as human.
Share this with others on... Delicious
Delicious Digg
Digg Facebook
Facebook reddit
reddit StumbleUpon
Reviewed on: 14 Feb 2017
(Reuters) - Patients with an advanced form of an aggressive blood cancer who had initially responded to Novartis' new type of gene-modifying immunotherapy continued to respond at least six months after treatment, according to updated data released at a medical meeting on Sunday.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis' logo is seen at the company's plant in the northern Swiss town of Stein, Switzerland October 23, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Among 46 patients with at least six months of follow-up after treatment with Novartis' Kymriah for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), 30 percent still had a complete response, meaning no detectable sign of cancer, with another 7 percent achieving a partial response.
The results indicate that, in the 81-patient study, those with no sign of cancer after three months remained relapse-free at six months and beyond, researchers reported at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta.
“Patients that are in complete remission by 3 to 6 months are going to have durable remissions,” said Dr. Stephen Schuster, the trial's lead investigator, who has patients from an earlier pilot study alive more than three years after Kymriah treatment.
Kymriah belongs to a new class of therapy called CAR-T. It works by harvesting a patient's own disease-fighting T-cells, genetically engineering them to target specific proteins on cancer cells, and replacing them to circulate possibly for years, seeking out and attacking cancer.
“The technology is spectacular,” said Schuster, from the University of Pennsylvania's Abramson Cancer Center. “We're able to save the lives of people that just a few years ago we couldn‘t. I can't express the amount of satisfaction and excitement that I have.”
The one-time treatment with a list price of $475,000 was approved in August for patients up to 25 years of age with advanced acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), becoming the first CAR-T treatment to market. A second from Gilead Sciences was later approved.
Novartis has applied for U.S. and European approval for Kymriah to treat adults with DLBCL, a common, aggressive type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Patients in the study had relapsed or failed to respond to multiple rounds of chemotherapy plus stem cell transplants for about half of them, exhausting virtually all available options. They were allowed to receive additional chemotherapy while awaiting return of their engineered cells, an average turnaround time of about three weeks.
The cells can also be frozen until a patient is deemed clinically ready to receive them.
At the latest interim analysis, median duration of response had not been reached, meaning more than half the patients who responded had not experienced disease return or progression.
There were no deaths attributed to cytokine release syndrome or neurological side effects, both potentially dangerous reactions to the treatment.
Novartis expects to have 35 centers capable of processing Kymriah fully operational by the end of the year.
“We are in an amazing time,” Schuster said, “and it's really just the beginning.”
This year's annual video took a new spin on the 12 days of Christmas
This is the WestJet's sixth annual Christmas miracle video. This year they took 12 children's wishes and turned them into reality. (YouTube/WestJet)
What should Christmas be about?
The response to this will constantly change depending on who is answering the question, and in WestJet's latest Christmas Miracle video, the Canadian airline features a dozen children's wishes for their 12 Flights of Christmas.
The video is a compilation of 12 events that were broadcast to Facebook Live and featured Blue Santa, Mrs. Claus and celebrity guests bringing surprise and delight to hundreds of WestJet guests and their families.
“WestJet creates holiday magic for Canadians every year. This year, we asked for help from youth from St. Alban's Boys and Girls Club,” said Richard Bartrem, WestJet Vice-President Marketing Communications. “Christmas, through the eyes of a child, is magical and the children gave us wonderful inspiration for surprising our guests. The best part was that the children got to be present to witness their own miracle come to life.”
The Christmas wishes ranged from cuddling 40 puppies at Calgary International Airport to a world made of gingerbread at the Ottawa Macdonald-Cartier International Airport, to a Nutcracker performance at Winnipeg's James Armstrong Richardson International Airport, to a life-sized snow globe at Toronto's Pearson International Airport.
These 12 events were held on 12 consecutive days in 10 cities and one in-air flight.
Read More: A Christmas miracle for Fort Mac
Previous years have seen the company perform a Christmas miracle in Fort McMurray after families living there were devastated by a raging wildfire in May 2016.
This marks the sixth year in a row that WestJet has surprised passengers or families during the holiday season.
ragnar.haagen@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Whitney Houston's mother was unaware of allegations their son and daughter were molested as children until the making of the new documentary Whitney, according to the film's executive producer.
Patricia Houston, the sister-in-law of Whitney, is responsible for getting the film, which is released in the US on Friday, to screen.
Directed by Scottish film-maker Kevin Macdonald, Whitney paints an intimate portrait of the Grammy-winning pop queen and movie star through interviews with their brothers, their mother, friends, and behind-the-scenes footage.
The singer's mother Cissy Houston did not know about the allegations until the making of the documentary, according to its director (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
Houston's regal image over the decades was eroded by erratic behaviour due to their drug use; they died in 2012, on the eve of the Grammys, after being discovered unresponsive in a hotel bathtub. They were 48.
It is the second documentary on Houston. Whitney: Can I Be Me was released earlier this year.
Patricia Houston, wife of Gary Garland-Houston, said it was difficult making Whitney because it hit so close to home — and because they were the one who had to tell Cissy Houston that there were abuse allegations and they would be in the film.
“It was deeply a revelation for them You think about her, and it being a bit overbearing for them to hear — and their kids not telling them That's pretty tough to have to deal with,” said Houston.
Dee Dee Warwick, the niece of Cissy Houston and sister to Dionne Warwick, was the alleged abuser. The alleged incidents took place when Gary and Whitney were between the ages of seven and nine and Cissy was touring. Warwick, who was 18 years older than Whitney Houston, died in 2008.
The documentary suggests that the sexual abuse endured by the children was a significant contributor to their struggles with drugs as adults.
“I don't think you can explain anyone's life from one particular event that's happened to them. But I think that it's certainly fair to say that it's maybe, in my opinion, the major contributor to Whitney's unhappiness,” MacDonald said.
“That and the fact that they never talked about it, and that nobody in the family talked about this and clearly it happened as you'd learned in the film.”
MacDonald says the secrets in Houston's life took their toll on the Grammy-winning singer. They cite a clip in the film shot in the mid-2000s that shows them in conflict.
“I think there's an amazing piece of home movie footage in the film, which was from the early 2000s where Whitney is sort of really looking despairing. She's talking to herself, really going, ‘Nippy calling Whitney. Whitney calling Nippy.'
“And Nippy was their sort of nickname that everybody close to them knew them as. And Nippy was the real her, as it were, the intimate them Whitney was the persona,” Macdonald said.
“I think what you see in that home movie clip is this confusion that they have. I think it got progressively worse as they got older. The confusion between what's the real me, and what's not the real me. And obviously, the drugs didn't help with that,” Macdonald said.
© Press Association 2018
On June 12, 2016, Orlando was changed forever. Throughout the days, weeks and months that followed, the community took action to rebuild and strengthen. People helped one another. They showed the world our ongoing spirit that neither hate nor violence could ever extinguish us and we kept dancing.
Last November, Come Out With Pride gathered people together to remember and honor the lives that were taken from us. This year, Come Out With Pride will continue to honor their memory by keeping the music going. There will be dancing in the parade, dancing throughout the festival, and even an entire dance area called the #KeepDancingOrlando Zone.
Here is your guide to an unforgettable weekend:
To kick off Orlando Pride weekend, stop by The Veranda from 6:30 to 10:00 p.m. on Thursday, October 12th for The Pride Launch Party. The countdown to pride weekend ramps up with energetic performances in a dazzling social setting that's not to be missed. General admission is free and VIP options are available. The Veranda is located in the beautiful Thornton Park neighborhood at 111 North Summerlin Avenue.
On Friday at 8 p.m., Get ready to party as Hamburger Mary's and Pride Orlando presents “Pride On Church Street”. The event is free admission and features various live entertainment throughout the night, including Miss Sammy, DJ JB Burgos, The Minx, Carol Lee and many more!! Hamburger Mary's is located at 110 West Church Street in Downtown Orlando.
Before heading over to the Come Out With Pride Festival on Saturday the 14th, grab your boyfriend…or your girlfriend…or your parents…or all of your closest friends…or all of the above and head over to The Abbey for the Big Gay Brunch, presented by Orlando Immunology Center. The Big Gay Brunch features an amazing brunch spread, bottomless mimosas, Tito's Bloody Marys, DJs and live performances. You can purchase your tickets at biggaybrunchorlando.com. The Abbey is located a block away from Lake Eola at 100 South Eola Drive. Eat, Drink and Come Out With Pride!
Between noon and 10 p.m. on Saturday the 14th, join the LGBTQ+ community members and allies as we all come together for an unforgettable day-long festival!
Be sure to visit more than 100 vendors at the Pride Marketplace and SponsorWalk between noon and 7 p.m.
Gather your friends to watch The Most Colorful Parade at 4p.m. Come Out With Pride is looking forward to having a very moving and uplifting parade, and this is your chance to get excited and show thanks to the individuals who have devoted so much energy to strengthening and supporting our community. In order to ensure that all of this year's attendees have a perfect spot to watch the parade, the route has been expanded all the way down to Orange Avenue. Come Out With Pride is also offering a special grandstands seating option along with the VIP Experience.
Every great event deserves a great finale, and shortly after 9 p.m. Come Out With Pride will continue the tradition of saying goodnight with a dazzling spectacle of fireworks above Lake Eola. With nearly a mile of walkways around the water, there's room for everyone to get a prime viewing spot.
(JoJo Headlines Come Out With Pride Singing “When Love Hurts and “Too Little Too Late)
The festival, parade and fireworks spectacle are all free of charge and open to the public with VIP tickets for sale featuring exclusive opportunities throughout the day. Entertainment, special events and more surprises will commence throughout the day.
Come Out With Pride is always a fun event as it is a safe place where everyone can feel welcomed with the most colorful parade and best entertainment. However, Pride is more than that. The Pride legacy is about fighting for our community's rights, especially for those who don't always have a voice. Pride is also about taking action – Throughout this year's festival, you'll will see many organizations and businesses that are committed to making our society better. You'll find some engaged in helping people live healthier lives, others who are charged with changing our political landscape, and so much more than you will have an opportunity to meet and join forces with these groups. Come Out With Pride is dedicated to helping you find and connect with them. We've seen countless examples in recent times of how ignorance and inaction can have devastating consequences. Come out this October 14th with plans to celebrate, but also with the mission to help the entire Come Out With Pride team make a real difference.
Every year, Come Out With Pride truly makes a difference by allocating funds towards grants and scholarships for the Central Florida community. Their board evaluates the needs of local LGBTQ+ organizations, LGBTQ+ students and that of allied organizations doing an outstanding job at educating and providing services to our community towards acceptance and equal rights. Come Out With Pride does not provide grants to political or activist groups. Their focus is on those organizations that might be struggling to meet their goals and those with a mission aimed at educating and assisting members of our community. Last year, Come Out With Pride provided $30,000 in scholarships, cash grants and promotional/logistical assistance to various organizations within the community.
In closing, I would like to thank the entire Come Out With Pride team: Brian Riha, Patrick Burke, Jose Luis Dieppa, Cedric Linton, Deb Ofsowitz, Jeff Prystajko, Matt Riha, Holly Strout, Kesia Antunes, Bob Azzarito, Karen Brown, Robert Carnes, J.D. Casto, Conor McKeever, Dani Ring, Alex Ruble, Kevin Sayre, Billy Sisco and the amazing group of volunteers that help make this an unforgettable event every year.
All of us are making a difference in our community! Let's #KeepDancingOrlando.
For more information, please visit comeoutwithpride.com.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
April 5 Statistics for Sunday's Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai (Round two of 20 races):
Lap distance: 5.451km. Total distance: 307.574km (58 laps)
Race lap record: One minute 32.238 seconds. Michael Schumacher (Germany) Ferrari, 2004.
2016 pole: Nico Rosberg (Germany) Mercedes 1:35.402
2016 winner: Rosberg
Start time: 0600 GMT/1400 local.
WINS
Sebastian Vettel's victory for Ferrari in the Australian season-opener was the Italian team's first since 2015.
Champions Mercedes have won 51 of 60 races since the introduction of the 1.6 litre V6 turbo hybrid power units in 2014.
Red Bull, with Australian Daniel Ricciardo and Dutch teenager Max Verstappen, were the only non-Mercedes winners last season.
Triple world champion Lewis Hamilton has 53 career victories, putting them second in the all-time list behind Michael Schumacher (91). Vettel has 43, McLaren's Fernando Alonso is on 32 and Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen 20.
Ferrari have won 225 races, McLaren 182, Williams 114, Mercedes 64 and Red Bull 52. McLaren and Williams have not won a race since 2012.
FERRARI
Ferrari last won the opening race of the season in 2010, in Bahrain with Fernando Alonso, and last led the championship in 2012.
The Italian team last won the first two races of a championship in 2004, with Michael Schumacher.
POLE POSITION
Hamilton now has 62 career poles after taking the top slot in Australia.  They are three short of the late Ayrton Senna's career total and six behind Schumacher's record 68.
Mercedes have been on pole in 57 of the last 60 races.
PODIUM
Hamilton's second place in Melbourne was their 105th podium finish. One more and the Briton joins Alain Prost in second place on the all-time list. Schumacher has a record 155.
CHINA
The race made its debut on the calendar in 2004 and eight of the 13 Chinese Grands Prix have been won from pole.
Hamilton is the most successful there with four wins (2008, 2011, 2014, 2015), and is the only driver to win two years in a row, while Alonso has two (2005, 2013). Vettel and teammate Kimi Raikkonen have both won once.
Ferrari and Mercedes have won four times, McLaren three. Alonso is the only driver on the grid to have finished every race in China.
The circuit saw Red Bull's first F1 win in 2009.
Last year's race saw more overtaking than any other, according to Pirelli statistics, with 128 moves. Hamilton alone made 18 of them after starting at the back of the field.
There were no retirements in last year's race.
MILESTONE
Mercedes are making their 150th start as a constructor. They can also take their 75th pole position.
Vettel is the first non-Mercedes driver to lead the championship in the V6 turbo hybrid era (since 2014). (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Dan Kitwood/Getty Images(LONDON) — Now that we know Prince William and Princess Kate's third child is a boy, the world is awaiting the name of the fifth in line to the British throne.
“You'll find out soon enough,” William, 35, said to well-wishers gathered outside St. Mary's Hospital in London Monday.
Royal watchers are not waiting for William and Kate to make a name announcement, instead placing their bets on names with royal significance.
“In terms of middle names, I think Philip is an absolute pretty rock hard certainty, if there is such a thing,” ABC News royal contributor Imogen Lloyd Webber told “GMA.” “Philip would be a lovely tribute to William's grandfather.”
Prince Philip, 96, the husband of Queen Elizabeth, is the baby's great-grandfather.
The newborn is expected to have three names, according to Webber, following in the footsteps of their siblings, Prince George, 4, and Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 next week.
One of the names leading the speculation among royal watchers is James, the name of Kate's brother, James Middleton.
Kate and William honored Kate's sister, Pippa Middleton, when they named Charlotte in 2015.
Charlotte is Middleton's middle name, and it is also the feminine version of Charles, William's father's name.
The couple honored Queen Elizabeth and William's mother, the late Princess Diana, with Charlotte's middle names, Elizabeth Diana.
In addition to James, the names Arthur, Albert, Philip and Henry are some of the most talked about contenders for the royal baby's name.
In 2013, the baby's older brother, Prince George, was named after Queen Elizabeth's beloved father, King George, who died when the queen was 26 years old.
William and Kate revealed George's name — George Alexander Louis – two days after their July 22, 2013, birth.
Charlotte's name — Charlotte Elizabeth Diana – was announced two days after their May 2, 2015, birth.
Prince William's full name is William Arthur Philip Louis. When William was born on June 21, 1982, their parents didn't reveal their name until one week later. William's father, Prince Charles, was a month old before their name was made public.
The new baby, who weighed 8 pounds, 7 ounces at birth, is now fifth in line to the throne behind Prince Charles, William, George and Charlotte.
Their official title will be Their Royal Highness Prince [TBD Name] of Cambridge.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The logo of Toshiba is seen as shareholders arrive at Toshiba's extraordinary shareholders meeting in Chiba, Japan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP [SILAK.UL] and U.S. chipmaker Broadcom Ltd have offered Toshiba Corp about 2 trillion yen (14.34 billion pounds) for its chip unit, the Nikkei business daily reported on Friday.
About 10 potential bidders are interested in buying a stake in the NAN flash memory maker, a source with knowledge of the planned sale told Reuters earlier.
Suitors include Western Digital Corp which operates a chip plant with Toshiba in Japan, Micron Technology Inc, South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix Inc and financial investors.
Toshiba wants to make at least 1 trillion yen from the sale of part or all of the business to cover writedowns at its Westinghouse nuclear unit. It says it expects investors to value its chip operations at about 2 trillion yen.
Toshiba is also asking potential bidders whether they intend to resell their stakes and wants to make a decision on the sale before a shareholders meeting in June, the Nikkei said, without saying where it obtained the information.
Toshiba shareholders on Thursday agreed to split off its prized chip unit, paving the way for the sale.
(Reporting by Kaori Kaneko; Editing by Stephen Coates)
The Waymo logo is displayed during the company's unveil of a self-driving Chrysler Pacifica minivan during the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, U.S., January 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet's self-driving car unit Waymo initiated private legal proceedings against two former executives who launched a rival company acquired by Uber [UBER.UL], court records show, accusing them of trying to recruit Waymo employees to the new startup that aims to revolutionize the auto industry.
One co-founder, Anthony Levandowski, has already been named in court documents as facing arbitration initiated by Waymo last October. However, court filings made public on Monday showed that Waymo targeted a second co-founder as well, Lior Ron, heightening legal uncertainty surrounding the unit Uber acquired.
Waymo and Uber are fighting in court over self-driving technology that Waymo says was stolen by a former employee who founded another company, Otto, that was later acquired by Uber. The Waymo lawsuit pits two Silicon Valley titans against each other.
Before the lawsuit filed in February, Waymo had begun two arbitration proceedings, including one involving Levandowski, a former Google executive and Otto co-founder. Waymo said they tried to recruit Waymo employees to their new startup, according to arbitration documents released on Monday.
The court filings on Monday showed that a second Otto "co-founder" also was involved in arbitration. The name was largely redacted except on the last page, and a description of the person's work history matches that of Ron, who lists themselves on LinkedIn as an Otto co-founder still at the company, now a part of Uber.
Neither Ron nor Uber immediately returned emails seeking comment. Uber has said Waymo's claims in its lawsuit are baseless. Waymo declined comment.
Waymo's lawsuit alleges that longtime Waymo engineer Levandowski downloaded over 14,000 confidential documents before leaving the company to start Otto. Waymo claims Uber, which subsequently bought Otto, benefited from the trade secrets theft.
In a bid to avoid trial and send the case to arbitration, Uber last week disclosed the arbitration proceedings that Waymo had initiated.
Levandowski had been paid $120 million by Waymo in incentive payments, the court documents showed. Waymo has called the payments "unjust enrichment."
The two arbitration claims, which sought punitive and other damages, alleged that the former Waymo executives used confidential information, such as salaries, to recruit co-workers to their new company.
The Waymo arbitration document states that there was a campaign underway, while Levandowski and Ron still worked for Google, "to use Google's confidential information regarding the unique skills, experiences and compensation packages of Google employees ... to lure them from Google to a new, competing venture."
(Editing by Peter Henderson and Tom Brown)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on Kim Kardashian West at the White House (all times local):
5:05 p.m.
Reality television star Kim Kardashian West has arrived at the White House for a meeting with presidential senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Kardashian West was seen posing for photos in front of the West Wing before entering to discuss criminal justice reform with Kushner, the president's son-in-law.
Advertisement
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offense.
Attorney Brittany K. Barnett, who says she's part of Johnson's legal team, says Kardashian West also hopes to meet with President Donald Trump to discuss the case.
Kardashian West's husband, rapper Kanye West, sparked a social media maelstrom earlier this month with their support for Trump.
__
4:10 p.m.
Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West was heading to the White House to make a star-powered case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a woman serving a life sentence.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a nonviolent drug offense.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
"I think that they really deserves a second chance at life," Kardashian told Mic. "I'll do whatever it takes to get them out."
The five-star hotel offers elegance and luxury in the heart of Beijing.
Within walking distance of some of China's most significant landmarks and historical sites, including Tiananmen Square, the Forbidden City, and the Drum and Bell Towers, as well as world-class shopping areas, such as Wangfujing and Oriental Plaza, you will find the sensational Legendale Hotel Beijing. Tucked away amidst the well-preserved and vibrant hutong alleyways of Old Beijing, the hotel offers a quiet sanctuary where guests can relax and gaze at lush, landscaped gardens and towering European ash trees.
Inside the hotel, you will find a breath-taking lobby with a 17-story atrium featuring artwork suspended high above the ground. Gilded staircases, elaborate balconies, abundant natural light and spacious, richly coloured rooms are awaiting guests looking to experience old-school opulence. Guests highly rate the hotel for its comfort, vast amenities, attentive staff, sumptuous décor and fantastic location.
The hotel offers 390 rooms and 79 opulent serviced apartments in addition to four international restaurants offering French, Portuguese, Cantonese and Macanese cuisine and three bars and lounges. With 10 different meeting and events spaces, including the dramatic Versailles ballroom which can accommodate up to 500 guests, the hotel can host events of all sizes and is often a favourite spot for corporate gatherings. After a long day of work meetings or exploring the city, you can unwind at the complimentary health club, which features a large swimming pool, sauna, massage room, spa treatments and a beauty salon.
Recognised as one of the best independent hotels in Beijing, the hotel's extensive list of awards includes:
Best Hotel in China 2016 – Life Element / China Luxus
Gold Circle Award 2016 – Agoda
Best Luxury Hotel of the Year 2015 – Ctrip Traveler's Top Spot
Top 10 Most Glamorous Hotels in China 2015 – Hotel Starlight Awards
During the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, the hotel received 22 Heads of State and Ministers of Sports from 34 countries.
Whether you are traveling for business or for pleasure, look no further than the Legendale. To book a stay or plan your next event at the hotel, contact Michelle Low at michelle.low@amistadpartners.com.
Source : https://www.amistadpartners.com/apvoice/amistad-partners-and-legendale-hotel-beijing-partnership
NEW DELHI India's Yuvraj Singh issued a reminder of their enduring quality with a match-winning fifty in the Indian Premier League opener on Wednesday, saying they were batting with more freedom after their international recall.
The architect of India's 20-overs and 50-overs World Cup triumphs in 2007 and 2011 spent three years in the international wilderness until the start of the year, battling poor form and a cancerous condition in their lungs.
The 35-year-old made a return to the one-day team for the home series against England in January and went on to score their highest ODI score of 150 in the second match in Cuttack.
Wednesday's innings was particularly timely as India selectors mull their options for June's Champions Trophy in England.
The familiar high back-lift and clean-striking were on full display as the all-rounder blasted 62 off 27 balls to help secure Sunrisers Hyderabad's 35-run victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore.
"The comeback into the Indian team has really helped me," Yuvraj told the tournament website.
"I am more free in my mind and I am not worrying any more about making a comeback. I am just going to play according to the situation and express myself.
"My batting has been up and down over the couple of years, but I am feeling really good at the moment. I just need to continue this good run forward."
Their knock was particularly timely as ahead of June's Champions Trophy.
Moises Henriques also chipped in with a fifty as Hyderabad, led by fellow Australian David Warner, made a winning start to their title defence.
"When I walked out to bat, I just told Henriques that I am going to take a few balls and then go for my shots," Yuvraj said.
"But, the first two balls hit the middle of my bat and I told them that I was feeling good and I am going to take my chances."
Warner was naturally excited and said Yuvraj's form could be crucial to their team's chances of reaching the May 21 final.
"That's the Yuvi that I used to watch on TV," Warner, a hard-hitting batsman himself, said.
"Superb strokeplay, hitting it clean. They backed himself, that's the way we know they can play and that's the way we want them to keep playing."
Importantly, the knock caught the eye of India captain Virat Kohli.
"The priority is Indian cricket," said Bangalore skipper Kohli, who is recovering from a shoulder injury.
"He got a hundred against England (in Cuttack) and also got runs in (the third ODI in) Kolkata. The confidence has just rubbed off."
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phillips 66 Partners Lp:
* PHILLIPS 66 PARTNERS REPORTS FOURTH-QUARTER 2017 EARNINGS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.83
* INCREASED QUARTERLY DISTRIBUTION 5 PERCENT TO $0.678 PER COMMON UNIT
* 2018 CAPITAL BUDGET OF $595 MILLION INCLUDES $510 MILLION DIRECTED TOWARD GROWTH PROJECTS AND $85 MILLION FOR MAINTENANCE.
* QTRLY TOTAL REVENUES AND OTHER INCOME $331 MILLION VERSUS $299 MILLION IN Q3
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.92, REVENUE VIEW $316.5 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* NEARING $1.1 BILLION YEAR-END 2018 RUN-RATE EBITDA TARGET, ON TRACK TO DELIVER 30 PERCENT FIVE-YEAR DISTRIBUTION CAGR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Nat Torkington has been active in web development since the early days of the web. They wrote the bestselling Perl Cookbook, and chaired conferences for O'Reilly Media for a decade. During their time at O'Reilly Media, Nat was an editor and then became a trend-spotter for the O'Reilly Radar group, identifying the topics to build events and books around. They have worked in areas as diverse as networking, publishing, science, edtech, and NLP. They now live in New Zealand, where they run Kiwi Foo Camp and helps startups grow.
A passerby, left, and a law enforcement official, right, stand near broken glass at the New England Holocaust Memorial on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Boston. Police say a person is in custody for allegedly vandalizing the memorial. It's the second time the memorial has been damaged this summer. Police say the suspect smashed a glass panel Monday. Steven Senne AP Photo
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - A potential swoop on part of Swedish tissue and forestry products manufacturer SCA would be nothing for investors to cry about. A group of buyout firms has bid 200 billion Swedish crowns ($22.3 billion) for the company's hygiene arm, Essity, which pulps Scandinavian trees into products ranging from baby diapers to bandages, newspaper Dagens Nyheter reported on Wednesday. Even if an offer proves soggy, it's an example of how a breakup can open up new options for shareholders.
SCA said last year that it would split its trees and forestry products from its paper hanky and sanitary-towel making division. Shareholders can estimate what the former is worth. SCA's hygiene business made $1.4 billion of operating profit in 2016. Assume that grows by 10 percent this year, and that the company's depreciation charge stays the same, and it suggests EBITDA for 2017 of $2.1 billion. Put that on a multiple of 10 times – a respectful discount to giant U.S. rival Kimberly-Clark's 14 times, then deduct the $2.4 billion of net debt the new business will have, and Essity's equity value would be a little below $19 billion.
Anything north of $22 billion, reflecting a near-20 percent premium, would thus be too good to sniff at. Although SCA's shares have beaten the market in Sweden over the last five years in terms of total returns, and there are encouraging demographic shifts – Europe's ageing population will, like it or not, need more incontinence pads – the industry is commoditised and competitive.
SCA hasn't yet revealed a firm offer. Even if it doesn't, it could plausibly argue that a bid timed just before the company breaks up is too opportunistic, at least as a way of getting a better price. But by splitting up in the first place, Chief Executive Magnus Groth has shown they have at least one eye on shareholder value. And even a lowball bid gives Essity options. It's a narrative that could play out in other companies facing calls for breakups, such as miner BHP Billiton and paint maker Akzo Nobel. Breaking up might bring tears, but not necessarily of sadness.
Top Australian navigator Adrienne Cahalan shares some expert tips on using currents on bluewater passages and ocean races
There are a number of yacht races around the world in which strategic decisions on whether to go into or out of ocean currents can have a significant impact on how the race is won or lost.
Ocean currents can be driven by wind (surface ocean currents), tides (estuary or near shore) or other factors such as water density. The Coriolis effect which deflects winds to the right in the northern hemisphere and to the left in the southern hemisphere also deflects major surface ocean currents to the right in the northern hemisphere in a clockwise spiral, and to the left in the southern hemisphere, counter-clockwise. These major spirals of ocean-circling currents are called ‘gyres' and are found in the North Atlantic, South Atlantic, North Pacific, South Pacific and Indian Ocean.
On the east and west edge of the gyres are boundary currents. The California, Humboldt (Peru) and Canary currents are examples of eastern boundary currents, which are characterised as shallow, broader and slower flowing. Western boundary currents such as the north-flowing Gulf Stream and Kuroshio (Japan), the south-flowing East Australian Current and Agulhas (South Africa) are characterised as faster flowing, deeper and narrower.
Information on the rate and direction of ocean currents via the Global RTOFS (Real-Time Ocean Forecast System) model is easily accessed through navigation software programs that download data in GRIB format.
Once you have obtained the current data the race strategy decision-making begins. In a Sydney Hobart Race, for example, if you are in a 100-footer then current as a percentage of boat speed is negligible; so sailing 12-15 miles further off course to get into current that will assist you at up to 2-3 knots may not be beneficial in the overall strategy of the race.
Another important consideration is the effect on the sea state of wind against current. The East Australian Current has broken many boats when warm waters in a 2-3 knots south-flowing current meet cold, south-westerly winds as cold fronts travel up along the New South Wales coast, generating short, steep seas that can snap masts and delaminate hulls.
For smaller boats in the Rolex Sydney-Hobart Race there can be a clear trade-off between extra mileage and sailing further to find favourable current.
Once racing, it is up to the navigator to monitor the current relative to the observed conditions and forecast. When observing current on board, it is useful to know that there are differences in the way data is calculated and displayed through different instrument systems (eg B&G, Ockam) or navigation software packages (eg Expedition, Deckman, Adrena).
Current/tide data is displayed as knots for rate and degrees for direction. Nick White is the software designer and owner of the tactical racing software program Expedition. They explained that Expedition calculates tide/current direction and rate from data output by the instrument system. There are pre-set current and drift calculations in Expedition, however these are for use where the instruments don't provide it. In their experience the instrument system (eg H5000) has more precise and timely data.
Mike Sugden from Navico, which manufactures the H5000 and B&G products including Deckman for Windows, explains that B&G and Deckman calculate tide and drift differently. On B&G Instruments tide is calculated from the difference between boat speed and SOG/heading and COG, whereas in Deckman the tide is calculated by comparing dead reckoning (course and boat speed) and the GPS fix position. In this case, it is really important to have calibrated boat speed, heading and leeway (if enabled). In Deckman the output can be adjusted to average over a specified number of minutes depending on the user's preference.
Leeway can be taken into account in current calculation but is not necessarily measured on a simple instrument or software package. However, when more boat speed devices come onto the market that can measure leeway accurately, there will be improvement in tide and drift calculations.
In or Out?
How to work out whether to take a loss to go into current?
1 Calculate the time lost sailing away from the rhumb line and compare it to the gains made once the yacht is repositioned in favourable current. You need to take into account best and worst case scenarios of wind shifts and wind speed. One way to do this is to run different routes in your navigation software using different scenarios.
2 Consider the time that will be spent in the current and its potential effects on hardware: steep seas, risk of breakages or structural failure. This may mean weighing up the potential of winning against the goal of finishing the race.
3 Make sure the information you are getting from the instruments matches what is happening in real time using observations such as comparing course/COG and boat speed/SOG yourself, looking at navigational buoys, wave disturbances for current or tide lines, and observing the colour of the water or cloud lines.
About the author
Australian navigator ADRIENNE CAHALAN has raced 26 Sydney Hobarts, winning line honours six times and overall victory twice. A pro sailor since 1988, they have sailed with Whitbread and Volvo teams, and round the world record breaker Cheyenne. They practise as a consultant maritime lawyer and climate adviser.
COPENHAGEN, April 20 Denmark's consumer confidence index rose to 7.4 points in April from 6.2 points in March, the statistics office said on Thursday. April 2017 Poll March 2017 FY 2016 Consumer confidence 7.4 6.8 6.2 3.1 The monthly survey asks a cross-section of Denmark's population its views on current personal and national economic trends, along with consumer intentions for the coming months. The respondents answer on a scale between plus 100 and minus 100 with 100 being "much better", 50 being "slightly better", 0 being "unchanged", minus 50 being "slightly worse" and minus 100 being "much worse". For further details in Danish, Thomson Reuters Eikon users can click on www.dst.dk (Reporting by Copenhagen newsroom)
An image of late Cuban revolutionary hero Ernesto ''Che'' Guevara is pictured on a bus used by workers of Ciro Redondo sugar mill in Ciro Redondo, Cuba, February 9, 2017. Picture taken on February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
GENEVA Cuba has agreed to a visit by a United Nations human rights investigator for the first time in decade, inviting an expert on human trafficking this month, a U.N. statement said on Thursday.
Maria Grazia Giammarinaro, U.N. special rapporteur on trafficking in persons, especially women and children, will visit the Caribbean island nation from April 10-14, making stops in Havana, Matanzas and Artemisa.
"Her visit will be the first to the country in 10 years by an independent expert of the U.N. Human Rights Council," the statement said.
Authorities in communist-run Cuba have long resisted what they regard as external interference in their human rights record.
Former U.S. President Barack Obama initiated secret negotiations leading to normalisation of U.S.-Cuban relations in 2015 after decades of enmity.
U.S. organisations that worked closely on the effort have called on the Trump administration not to act rashly toward Cuba, saying that the policy has improved human rights and internet access there.
Giammarinaro, an Italian judge and trafficking expert serving in the independent post since June 2017, said they would meet Cuban authorities and activists to discuss challenges in addressing trafficking for sexual and labour exploitation.
"Particular attention will be paid to measures in place and those planned to prevent trafficking, to protect victims and provide them with access to effective remedies," they said.
The last U.N. human rights expert to visit Cuba was the then U.N. special rapporteur on the right to food, Swiss expert Jean Ziegler, in November 2007.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
April 10 (Reuters) -
* Vanguard Group's former CEO Bogle on CNBC - stocks are expensive; good time to raise capital
* Vanguard Group's former CEO Bogle on CNBC - will have lower inflation in future
Billionaire activist-investor Carl Icahn gives an interview on FOX Business Network's Neil Cavuto show in New York February 11, 2014. Icahn has backed off from their campaign urging Apple to increase its stock buybacks, citing the company's recent repurchases as well as an...
Over several months, sources had been telling Reuters reporters Chris Prentice and Jarrett Renshaw that Carl Icahn-controlled CVR Energy was betting big against a niche credit market set up by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to ensure biofuels such as ethanol were making it into the American gasoline supply.
The issue attracted national attention after Donald Trump became president and named billionaire Icahn, who had publicly acknowledged that they were opposed to the EPA system, as a special adviser on regulatory issues.
Proving these traders' claims was a challenge: the journalists needed to document and quantify what traders were saying.
Renshaw began combing a database of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings, in which they found a key piece of data in CVR's most recent quarterly and annual reports: the size and scope of Icahn's short position buried in the explanatory notes, revealing that CVR had built up over the course of 2016 the equivalent of a huge short position on the credits, totaling $186 million.
Around the same time, several broker sources told Reuters that they helped CVR sell millions of credits, an unusual move by a refiner that typically must buy them. The selling of the credits helped bolster the company's short position and added a critical element in understanding CVR's market moves.
The reporters next went to experts to help them understand the filings. In so doing, they established not just that CVR stood to gain from the policy shift Icahn was proposing, but had positioned itself to reap tens of millions of dollars on the biofuels credit market if they succeeded.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Photo illustration by Natalie Matthews-Ramo/Slate. Photos by Thinkstock and the U.S. State Department.
Before their Pulitzer-winning investigation into Harvey Weinstein's alleged sexual abuse, Ronan Farrow worked in President Obama's State Department. Their new book, War on Peace, documents the department's loss of personnel and prestige under every recent president—especially the current one.
On Monday's the Gist, Mike Pesca talked with Farrow about how every president warms up slowly to the value of diplomacy, the damage left in former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's wake, and journalism in the Trump era.
Read an edited version of their conversation below, or stream or download the full discussion via iTunes, Stitcher, Spotify, the Google Play Store, or wherever you get your podcasts.
Mike Pesca: How'd they woo you to go into that line of work [at the State Department]?
Ronan Farrow: I came to the government, and Afghanistan and Pakistan specifically, to work for Richard Holbrooke, who was this larger-than-life character who had made peace in Bosnia and died, as it turned out, trying to make peace in Afghanistan and Pakistan, while I worked for him.
It was an interesting, as you describe it, interview process that included you in an anteroom while they were taking a shower. This is like Robert Caro stuff.
There are some colorful anecdotes that I think will turn people's heads as they read this, one of which is Richard Holbrooke was famous for doing meetings in bathrooms. This was not a #MeToo thing. They were a scatterbrained and oblivious kind of guy when it came to other human beings at times, but incredibly brilliant, incredibly loyal. So in the case of my job interview at the State Department, I interviewed with Hillary [Clinton] briefly in their antechamber. And there was me and a CIA guy that they were putting on their team. In the eyes of Richard Holbrooke, every hire was a momentous thing.
Or they made you feel like that.
Right, tremendous showmanship. I was just a little rookie guy at the bottom of the totem pole—I had no business meeting with the secretary of state, but they did this very gracious thing. Then, lobbing hardball policy questions about Taliban negotiations and assistance to Pakistan and Afghanistan, brought me from the State Department to their townhouse in Georgetown, to the upstairs of their townhouse and proceeded to get in the shower. The door was sort of closed-ish but ajar. Did not break the flow of questions, just poked their head out and said, “Oh I'm just going to take a shower.” There we were, and it did lead to those years at the State Department.
What was your brief?
My brief was just talked to people on the ground.
But live in Afghanistan.
Well, no. We went back-and-forth. The process of being an American official and visiting these countries is not a process of immersing in the culture and understanding what it is to live in Afghanistan or Pakistan, particularly when you're in Kabul, in the U.S. Embassy. You ain't living in Kabul.
Every embassy that even wants to be outreaching has a fortress or a moat, and in Kabul, it has the fortress.
A fortress. My job was made doubly difficult by the fact that there were all these barriers. You couldn't just talk to people. You go from point A to point B, and it's a security detail, and what they call a “rhino,” which is this steel box you travel in that has little holes on the side that say, “Break glass and insert rifle here” in case you come under fire.
“We don't have negotiators and peacemakers anymore, and we're … giving the work that they once did to soldiers and spies.” — Ronan Farrow
Just that alone, the vision of that, gets in the way of diplomacy. It also ties into your overall theme that we've essentially militarized our diplomats.
Right. Strikingly, actually, in the last few months, there has been a push to have diplomats engage in arms-sale transactions. This is a formal initiative by the White House. That's part and parcel with the decimation of the State Department right now. We just don't have negotiators and peacemakers anymore, and we're shuffling them out as fast as we can and giving the work that they once did to non–subject-matter experts—and honestly, as often as possible, soldiers and spies.
When Trump went to Saudi Arabia, their first foreign trip, which was unusual, the evidence of our great diplomatic relationship was this record-setting arms sale.
In a sense, we have the benefit of historical lessons that we are refusing to learn. A lot of the book is devoted to that. The pattern you see is in the first terms of a lot of these administrations: There is this absence of diplomacy, and then almost invariably, there's a realization, too late, that you need diplomacy. The quote from Condoleezza Rice was, We realized we needed a few diplomats in the second term. [Bill] Clinton slashed the State Department budget and the USAID budget by 30 percent. That had disastrous results. It's one of the reasons why we didn't have adequate diplomatic capacity after 9/11. We closed all these embassies, and we shut down two government agencies that were related to very important foreign policy priorities, and you heard in Barack Obama's rhetoric a commitment to that idea. I quote them over and over again, talking about how our might is not through our military.
The speech in Egypt.
Sure. A lot of people remember their legacy that way, and I think it's instructive to realize that even in their administration, there was this phenomenon of the militarization of foreign policy and then an acknowledgement that that had been a mistake.
As you point out, they were as reliant on generals—or almost as reliant—as Trump was. I think they were deferential. I just don't think they were confident early on.
Very few politicians are confident in the face of the military-industrial complex. It's viewed as a political win to support our generals in a way that it is not to support our dusty bureaucrats at the State Department. That's a fundamental misperception. There are huge problems with the State Department. It needs reform, it needs fixing, but this is a job of self-sacrifice. Like our men and women in uniform, they are working very often in the most dangerous places on Earth, but they're not coming home to ticker-tape parades.
I'm careful in this book not to make it as black-and-white as “Pentagon bad” and “State Department good.” These are both systems that have strengths and are necessary, and I think every sober-minded person says, “We need both.” Probably necessarily, the Pentagon has got to be a good deal larger, but what those people also say is, “This is way out of whack. This is way, way out of proportion, and we just don't have the capacity left on the civilian side anymore.”
One thing that I see that was made clear in the book is that our very best, or sharpest, or at least most opportunistic generals have seen and sensed that there is this maw, that there is no diplomacy. So they have crafted themselves as not just a general, but a diplomat-general. This is something [David] Petraeus does, and [Defense Secretary James] Mattis as the warrior-monk. This is not to impugn their motives. There's a lot of what they do, because there is no diplomacy, that we're relying on the military to do it, but it also could lull the rest of us into a false sense of security—we're getting our diplomacy from the Army, and the Army is now social workers. As you point out, no, they're not. They have guns.
Right. It's a completely different skill set. What you lose when you shuffle off the diplomats is any kind of subject-matter expertise. There's a chapter in this book about North Korea. That's been a long-fraught diplomatic journey with a lot of failures along the way but also a lot of institutional knowledge gained. We are not relying on our experts there or anywhere else. The Afghanistan situation, when I was there, is really instructive about this. We had a period of maximum military leverage where what the Pentagon was doing could have catalyzed talks. Now, years later, I think there's much more acceptance in the foreign policy establishment of the idea that you're not going to win militarily in Afghanistan. You've got to talk to the Taliban. There's got to be a political settlement, but at the time, it was verboten to even say that. We weren't allowed to say it publicly. You couldn't suggest it in meetings. Everything had to be done in secret.
You extracted a Taliban-affiliated guy nicknamed A-Rod. They could be a very useful guy to you, and they turned out to be, but they had to be very careful about publicly associating, or embracing, or even letting it be known that they were affiliated with this operation.
The nexus of the Pentagon and the White House really put the kibosh on numerous attempts to jump-start that process faster. What a lot of the people involved say, in retrospect, is, “We squandered the biggest window of opportunity we had to have a political settlement.” No one is suggesting that Richard Holbrooke could have waltzed in and fixed Afghanistan, but you could have had talks earlier, and you could have maybe saved some lives. It could have had a tangible difference for the current situation in Afghanistan, which is yet more military escalation.
President Trump talked about withholding funding from Pakistan. What will that do other than embolden the Chinese?
The Chinese are nipping at our heels. Actually, I think that the lesson about that the world over is we are ceding this space to China. Because as we are eviscerating our State Department, China is year-on-year spending more and more on diplomacy. There was this stereotype for a long time in American foreign policy of, “China is rapacious, and they don't give a damn about human rights.” There's a lot of truth to that, but also what we're seeing is in places where China was the rapacious interloper who aided and abetted the bad guys, like Sudan for instance, now you've got a Chinese special envoy doing shuttle diplomacy and wanting big, splashy PR gains from brokering a political settlement. They are filling our space really fast.
“As we are eviscerating our State Department, China is year-on-year spending more and more on diplomacy.” — Ronan Farrow
Here's the thing that surprised me about Tillerson, and your reporting bears this out: I assessed that their actual worldview is within the normal range. They correctly regard Russia as a potential enemy, and they are against terrorism, and they probably have some misgivings about United States excess in terms of torture, let's say. But I was really shocked by how motivated they were to cut staff at the State Department. That seemed to be the reason they got up in the morning, rather than actually direct the State Department to achieve any policy goals.
That seems to be the source of bafflement for just about everyone. George P. Shultz, a former secretary of state who had also been in the private sector for years and years before stepping into that job, said, “I don't know if that was an order they got or what, but you can turn down a job.” No one can quite figure out what they thought they were doing. There's the call to service. I spent a fair amount of time with Rex Tillerson, and I believe that they sincerely wanted to serve their country, but I can't imagine what they thought they were accomplishing, so faithfully executing those orders.
He's more candid than he's ever been, in these pages. They say that they pushed back behind closed doors. They say that they were inexperienced and maybe should have known, but didn't, early in their brief tenure in the job, that you don't go to the Hill and say, “Hey, senators and members of congress, don't give me money.” To whatever extent they realized that that was the wrong approach, it obviously happened too late.
Every secretary of state fights with every secretary of defense. Colin Powell talked about fighting with [Donald] Rumsfeld. Tillerson pretty clearly points to not the secretary of defense but [Jared] Kushner as their major adversary. You illustrate this by talking about a dispute that saw Saudi Arabia and a number of Gulf states cut off relations with Qatar, an important military ally. Trump issued a vociferous takedown of Qatar. That's a contradiction of Tillerson that Tillerson tried to correct.
How much of Kushner's decisions or motivations might be influenced by the fact that they were applying for a loan with Qatar?
A fellow reporter once said to me in the last couple weeks, “We're not working on multiple stories. It's all one big story.”
It's all a kleptocracy.
I've been reporting on these secret election-season payments through the National Enquirer to silence stories. The Times recently reported on—and we've done some reporting at the New Yorker on—the meetings between David Pecker of the National Enquirer and the Saudis and the Kushner- and Trump-adjacent intermediaries who helped broker those introductions. This is all connected. I think the questions being asked right now about corruption and Kushner's affinity for the Saudis and other foreign interests are merited.
How much worse has the Trump presidency and Rex Tillerson's tenure at the State Department made what you're describing in the book?
A lot worse. I don't think this would be the same book if Hillary Clinton were in office. This book is not always kind to Hillary Clinton, either, but certainly they had a nominal commitment to the importance of having some diplomatic capacity. We are at a time right now where the State Department is simply being wiped out. This set of events is not unprecedented in the sense that we've never toyed with sidelining our diplomats. We have, and I gave those precedents of under Clinton, under Bush, under Obama. The lesson has been clear each time. It's a disaster for us, but we have never seen the kind of nosedive that we're seeing now. We've never had this purge of the diplomatic workforce and this complete surrendering of any effort to recruit the next generation of ambassadors. You have Colin Powell in this book saying, “We're mortgaging our future. This is going to be hard to turn back.” I think we still can, but we've got to do it before it's too late. There is a lot of power in Mike Pompeo's hands right now as they step into that job.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 6 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
- Increases of up to 20,000 pounds ($24,970) in probate fees were thrown into doubt yesterday after a parliamentary panel of experts in the United Kingdom said that they were unlawful. bit.ly/2oDnM9Y
- A parliamentary inquiry in the United Kingdom into the gig economy has accused companies such as Uber Technologies Inc , Deliveroo and Amazon.com Inc of tricking or forcing drivers and couriers into signing away their employment rights, with an MP describing the ride-hailing group's contract as "gibberish". bit.ly/2oDiueu
The Guardian
- Tesco Plc is cutting night shifts for shelf stackers in some of its biggest supermarkets in a fresh shakeup that puts 3,000 jobs at risk. bit.ly/2oDltUd
- The British international trade secretary, Liam Fox, has told an Australian parliamentary committee the May government wants to expedite a free trade deal with Australia, and wants to work with Canberra to champion trade liberalisation globally after the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. bit.ly/2oDyk91
The Telegraph
- Britain's workers are at last producing more in each hour of work than they were at the end of 2007, after almost 10 years of poor productivity, according to the Office for National Statistics. bit.ly/2oDyf5j
- Series of strikes at BMW AG's British manufacturing plants have been announced by unions as staff battle to protect their pension schemes. Workers at the German car giant's four UK factories plan to stage eight 24-hour stoppages unless the company goes back on its intention to close the final-salary pension scheme. bit.ly/2oDiCdR
Sky News
- British Prime Minister Theresa May has warned internet giants they are failing to deal with the scourge of online extremist material. bit.ly/2oDvO2i
- Deliveroo is embarking on a new food delivery venture it hopes will create 1,000 jobs. The technology firm, which currently operates an app-based delivery service from established restaurants, said it was to create 30 sites across the UK from which a partner business could provide meals for delivery only. bit.ly/2oDfXRw
The Independent
- Lloyds Banking Group Plc has announced the locations of 100 branch closures that will lead to 325 job losses. ind.pn/2oDmM5q ($1 = 0.8010 pounds) (Compiled by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
A combine drives over stalks of soft red winter wheat during the harvest on a farm in Dixon, Illinois, July 16, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young
WASHINGTON U.S. producer prices fell in March for the first time in seven months, weighed down by a drop in the cost of services and energy products, but the
largest annual increase in five years suggested inflation was rising.
The Labor Department said on Thursday its producer price index for final demand slipped 0.1 percent last month. That was the first decline since August and followed a 0.3 percent gain in February. Despite last month's dip in prices, the PPI shot up 2.3 percent in the 12 months through March.
That was the biggest gain since March 2012 and followed a 2.2 percent jump February. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the PPI unchanged in March and rising 2.4 percent from a year ago.
Prices for final demand services fell 0.1 percent, accounting for three quarters of the drop in the PPI in March.
That followed a 0.4 percent gain in February. Energy prices fell 2.9 percent, with the cost of gasoline tumbling 8.3 percent. Energy prices increased 0.6 percent in February.
With oil prices rising in recent days and recovering nearly all of March's losses on reports Saudi Arabia wants to extend production cuts enacted in January for another six months, monthly producer prices are likely to resume their upward trend.
Overall domestic price pressures are rising, with most consumer inflation measures now above the Federal Reserve's 2 percent target. The increases reflect in part, an ebb the dollar's rally and strengthening domestic demand.
The dollar has declined 2.8 percent against the currencies of the United States' main trading partners since January and commodity prices have been rising as the global economy firms.
A key gauge of underlying producer price pressures that excludes food, energy and trade services edged up 0.1 percent in March. The so-called core PPI rose 0.3 percent in February.
Core PPI increased 1.7 percent in the 12 months through March after advancing 1.8 percent in February.
The cost of healthcare services rose 0.1 percent after increasing 0.2 percent in February. Inpatient healthcare services gained 0.2 percent last month after a similar rise in February.
The cost of outpatient care increased 0.2 percent, while physician care rose 0.2 percent after being unchanged in February. Those costs feed into the Fed's preferred inflation measure, the core personal consumption expenditures index.
Wholesale food prices increased 0.9 percent following a 0.3 percent rise in February.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
News that the New York Yacht Club plans to enter a challenge for the America's Cup in 2021 is wonderful for the event, and one more reason for Auckland to ensure the cup is defended in New Zealand. The NYYC was, or course, the holder of the cup for the much celebrated 132 years, from the time it was minted until Australia II beat Dennis Conner's Liberty in 1983.
Famously, it was long said if the Auld Mug was ever taken from the New York club it would be replaced in its case with the head of the losing skipper. But Conner survived to lead a challenge in the club's name in 2002-03. That was the last time the historic holder turned up for the quadrennial event. The fact they are coming back now lends credence to Team New Zealand's case for returning the contest to monohulls.
Grant Dalton's syndicate is banking on the appeal of more traditional sailing over the spectacle of foiling catamarans organised by Russell Coutts with Oracle Team USA, which says it will not be challenging next time.
Dalton says the NYYC entry "sets the credentials really for the next cup," and who could argue? They say Britain will also be represented with a boat skippered by Ben Ainslie. With both historic rivals present it could almost seem like the America's Cup of legend with races so often off Newport, Rhode Island. Except that it is to be off Takapuna next time, if the facilities are provided. Auckland must make sure of it.
April 12 Diversified miner Rio Tinto Plc reiterated its decision to continue discussions regarding the future of its stake in the Grasberg mine in Indonesia.
"There is no doubt that Grasberg is a world-class resource. However, there's a difference between a world class resource and a world class business," Chief Executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques said on Wednesday, responding to a shareholder at the company's annual general meeting in London.
Rio Tinto has a joint-venture with Freeport-McMoRan Inc for the huge Grasberg copper and gold complex in remote Papua, with right to 40 percent of production above specific levels until 2021 and 40 percent of all production after 2021. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
US president Donald Trump called Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate them on winning a much-disputed referendum that will cement their autocratic rule over the country.
After noting Mr Trump's congratulations, a brief read-out of the phone call read at the White House on Monday night pivoted to a recent US missile strike on a Syrian airfield, which it said Mr Trump and Mr Erdoğan had also discussed.
The statement did not say whether Mr Trump had raised independent reports of voting irregularities during the Turkish referendum or the government's heavy-handed tactics in the weeks leading up to it, when the country was under a state of emergency. The US state department noted both issues in a more cautious, less laudatory statement issued a few hours earlier.
The White House was also silent about the long-term implications of the referendum, which some experts have likened to a deathblow to democracy in Turkey. Mr Erdoğan's narrow victory, in effect, ratifies their authoritarian rule.
The change to Turkey's constitution will allow the winner of the 2019 presidential election to assume full control of the government, ending the parliamentary political system.
In its statement, the US state department said: “We look to the government of Turkey to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all its citizens, regardless of their vote on April 16th, as guaranteed by the Turkish constitution and in accordance with Turkey's international commitments, such as under the Helsinki Charter.” That document compels its signatory nations, including Turkey, to uphold human rights.
Mr Trump and Mr Erdoğan are viewed as ideological bedfellows; populist leaders with little patience for the courts or other checks on their power. But Mr Erdoğan has taken their authoritarian bent to an extreme, imposing the state of emergency and purging the opposition, academia and the army after a failed coup last year.
The White House emphasised that the two leaders were united in their determination to punish Syria's president, Bashar al-Assad, for using chemical weapons against their own people.
“President Trump thanked president Erdoğan for supporting this action by the United States, ” the statement said, referring to the April 6th missile attack in Syria.
It also stressed that the two men stand together in battling Islamic State, also known as Isis: “President Trump and president Erdoğan also discussed the counter-Isis campaign and the need to co-operate against all groups that use terrorism to achieve their ends.”
New York Times
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Aucklanders are being asked to keep their eyes peeled for a cockatoo that's escaped from the zoo.
Late yesterday, Auckland Zoo bird-keepers were carrying out a free-flight training session with young male red-tail black cockatoo Mabo, just outside their enclosure, when they fled theirs minders.
The young bird had been "doing brilliantly" in what was just their second session outside, before a group of gulls mobbed and spooked him, the zoo reported on social media.
"As a result, they flew up into the trees. He's very bonded to their keepers, was talking to them and made several unsuccessful attempts to get down; they haven't quite yet mastered their ability to fly low."
Advertisement
People who encounter Mabo are asked not to try to catch him, but to phone zoo staff. Photo / Facebook
The keepers stayed with them until it was dark and he'd fallen asleep and were back before first-light, but he'd gone.
"This morning through the SPCA, we were made aware of a sighting in Birkdale on the North Shore and immediately rushed out, but by the time our keepers got there they had flown off," Auckland Zoo reported.
"Mabo will be missing their mate and keepers and we would love to bring them home as soon as we can.":
Red-tail black cockatoo males were known for the large scarlet bands on their tails.
People who encounter Mabo are asked not to try to catch him, but phone zoo staff on 027 209 8560.
iPhones have long been associated with the concept of planned obsolescence. That is, some believe Apple intentionally slows performance on older devices in hopes of convincing users that the gadget is past its prime and ripe for replacement.
Reddit over the weekend surfaced some interesting evidence on the subject.
User TeckFire reported that their iPhone 6S had been unusually slow in recent weeks, even after multiple iOS updates. The phone's battery wear level was around 20 percent with Geekbench scores of 1,466 single / 2,512 multi. After replacing the battery, Geekbench scores improved to 2,526 single / 4,456 multi.
Again, the only thing that changed was the battery. Low power mode was disabled for both runs.
The theory here is that the issue is related to Apple's battery fiasco with the iPhone 6S from last year in which some devices were shutting down unexpectedly. Apple launched a battery replacement program to handle the matter and a few months later, rolled out iOS 10.2.1 which it said further remedied the situation.
The new evidence on Reddit presents some interesting questions. Did Apple's iOS update that “fixed” the matter simply do so by dynamically throttling the phones' clock speeds to reduce stress on older batteries, thus making them less likely to shut down from excess power draw? Was this a way to get around having to replace even more batteries?
That would certainly explain why replacing an old battery would boost benchmarking performance. Then again, it's important to emphasize that this is just one example. A deeper look into the matter will be needed to reach a solid conclusion. Perhaps Apple will also publicly comment on the topic in the coming days (although I wouldn't hold my breath).
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Temperatures across Australia will soar this week as heatwave conditions bite.
Western Australia and South Australia have already been sweating it out, while heatwave conditions are set to hit large parts of New South Wales and south-western Queensland.
Perth on Monday hit a top of 37.6C and is set for a top of 29C today, but it will remain a sticky day across the WA capital.
After an early scorcher today with 37.6°C at 11:35am, #Perth will have a humid change moving through overnight and will only get to a top of 29°C tomorrow. It will be a sticky morning for any cycling commuters tomorrow! #moist — Bureau of Meteorology, Western Australia (@BOM_WA) December 11, 2017
But the western state isn't the only hot one, with all our capital cities experiencing temperatures above 30C throughout the week.
Advertisement
Sky News Weather meteorologist Rob Sharpe said it's looking to be a very hot week ahead, with some areas seeing their hottest run of December days in years.
"Many people will remember we had prolonged very warm weather across the south-east of the nation towards the end of November," they said.
"This was mainly due to a blocking high that set up in the southern Tasman Sea.
"The high drew heat from the north of the nation into the south and south-east, blocking most cool changes from affecting the region and leading to an extended period of spring heat."
Mr Sharpe said Australia was now expecting a similar situation, but this time the high should sit a little further north in the Tasman Sea.
"This means that the focus of the prolonged heat will be further north-east than what we saw last month," they said.
"Heatwave conditions are likely to affect large parts of New South Wales and south-western Queensland."
Mr Sharpe said Canberra is expecting to see seven consecutive days above 30 degrees, the first time this has occurred in 54 years.
It's getting hot, hot, hot. #Heatwave conditions starting to develop across NSW & ACT from tomorrow. Check https://t.co/1VLbaoNiM3 to #beattheheat pic.twitter.com/Erc3xT2JhV — Bureau of Meteorology, New South Wales (@BOM_NSW) December 10, 2017
The inland NSW town of Dubbo is on track for a heatwave and is expected to have six days at or above 37 degrees.
"Dubbo's December average is merely 31 degrees," they said.
Western Sydney is also expecting a hot run of days, with the temperature tipped to hit 41C on Thursday.
"Richmond is set to exceed 35 degrees each day from Wednesday to Saturday, its hottest December spell in at least 12 years," Mr Sharpe said.
"Sydney itself will see seven straight days above 27, with unseasonably humid nights above 20 degrees from Wednesday night into the start of next week."
South Australians can expect some relief from the hot conditions with the capital set to reach 36C today and 38C tomorrow.
"The heat will leave abruptly as a cool change arrives late on Wednesday, dropping the temperature by about 10 degrees in an hour near dinner time," they said.
"On Wednesday, Melbourne will see its hottest day since last summer, likely reaching 36 degrees."
In NSW, around half of the state has already begun experiencing a low-intensity heatwave that will strengthen as the week goes on, according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
Here's what the weather will look like across the country this week.
SYDNEY
The city can expect a top of 27C today, 30C tomorrow, 33C on Thursday.
Temperatures will be even hotter in the west, which can expect highs of 34C, 38C and 41C.
Heatwave conditions over much of NSW this week. For more info about Heatwave forecasts check https://t.co/f9gMQyBhLX https://t.co/NUgtt8yeUx #beattheheat — Bureau of Meteorology, New South Wales (@BOM_NSW) December 11, 2017
MELBOURNE
The city will hit temperatures of 26C today, 36C tomorrow and 27C with the chance of showers on Thursday.
The town of Yarra Glen, 40km north east of Melbourne, is set to reach temperatures of 30C, 36C and 28C.
HOBART
The capital will hit a high of 25C today, 31C tomorrow before a cool change of 23C on Thursday.
CANBERRA
The Australian capital will hit a high of 31C today, 34C tomorrow and 34C on Thursday.
DARWIN
The city will reach 35C today, 34C tomorrow and 34C on Thursday with showers and possible storms expected.
PERTH
After a stinking hot start to the week yesterday, Perth is set to cool down a little with the mercury hitting 29C today, 27C tomorrow and 29C on Thursday.
ADELAIDE
The city will hit a top of 36C today, and 38C tomorrow before a cool change brings the temperature back down to 24C by Thursday.
Hot to very hot on Wednesday for South Australia. https://t.co/hH4MMCTl9Y Keep an eye out for updated Fire Danger Ratings https://t.co/UPWgzflh6G pic.twitter.com/6Dn9c51cIJ — Bureau of Meteorology, South Australia (@BOM_SA) December 11, 2017
BRISBANE
The capital of the Sunshine State will hit a high of 29C today, 30C tomorrow and 31C on Thursday.
BRUSSELS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Euro zone producer prices rose less than expected in December, slightly undershooting market expectations because of a sharp slowdown in the rise of energy prices, data from the European Union's statistics office Eurostat showed on Friday.
Eurostat said prices at factory gates rose only 0.2 percent month-on-month in December, slowing from a 0.6 percent increase in November.
Economists polled by Reuters had expected a monthly rise of 0.3 percent. Energy price growth in the month slowed to just 0.1 percent from 2.3 percent in November.
Year-on-year, producer prices rose 2.2 percent in the last month of 2017, slowing from 2.8 percent the month before and falling short of market expectations of a 2.3 percent rise.
Unless cushioned by intermediaries and retailers, producer prices are usually transmitted to consumers and are the key influence on headline inflation that the European Central Bank wants to keep below, but close to 2 percent.
Consumer inflation slowed to 1.3 percent year-on-year in January from 1.4 percent in December and 1.5 percent in November, mainly because of a sharp slowdown in energy price rises. (Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Abacus Property Group:
* ABACUS ACQUIRES TWO CBD CITY FRINGE BUILDINGS FOR $142.35 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Every parent has a different way of chastising their children when they misbehave.
Some folks still opt for the traditional ways (timeouts, groundings or even a whoppin' if things are severe), but this day and age, parents are getting creative. One dad sparked a real conversation on social media about how far is too far when it comes to reprimanding your kid.
Some folks are saying it's totally fine, while others think embarrassing the kid in front of the world is worse than physical discipline.
All it's gonna do is put them in a dark spot in their life's and have issues down the road because you belittled them. That breaks my heart. — Isaac Vance (@cityOroses) February 1, 2018
Everybody saying it ain't funny but it's better than whooping their ass I'm sure they learned their lesson Lol — 51Cent (@Jay_Pennies) February 3, 2018
Did I miss the part that was supposed to be entertaining? pic.twitter.com/oW9CvpTPS8 — JMark (@Jmark97_) February 1, 2018
Y'all took away parents rights to physically discipline their child so they gotta be creative. These millennium kids are horrible — ♋️Luscious♋️ (@MamiMoreBucks) February 3, 2018
Bro idc what y'all say if my child wanna act a ass in class then they goin get punished. Y'all so sensitive and wanna be fake hurt and woke, sit down fr. I wouldn't hesitate to do this if my son ever decided to act up 🤷🏾‍♂️ — Drizzy 🕊 (@_dloading03) February 3, 2018
Hit us up on Twitter and Facebook to share your thoughts.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Shenzhen, Guangdong, China; 11, December 2017: A fan always loves to follow the style of his/her favorite star. Justin Bieber is a youth icon with an enormous fan following all across the world. For all Justin's fans, bieber-clothing.com is a one-stop destination to purchase authentic Justin Bieber merchandise at reduced prices.
The online store brings an exciting collection of Justin Bieber clothing that includes a variety of products, such as shirts, hoodies, jackets and lots more. Available in adorable styles, these clothes precisely replicate the clothing style of this world famous pop star. One can choose from a wide range of clothes, featuring different colors and styles. According to the spokesperson of the company, some of these products are available at striking 50% discounts or even more. Anyone, who wants to showcase a hip-hop style to impress others, can find a wide variety of clothes on bieber-clothing.com.
The spokesperson revealed that they have recently updated their store with new Justin Bieber shirts. These shirts are drawing attention of the worldwide fans of Justin Bieber, and there are different styles to choose from. Made from quality materials, these shirts carry printed photos of the rock star and also tour purpose motorcycle photos. One can choose shirts in white, black, yellow and other colors and can show their love for their favorite pop star. Customers can also pick from short sleeve and long sleeve shirts and can wear them on different occasions.
Bieber-clothing.com also brings the signature purpose tour security hoodie sweatshirt that Justin has been seen wearing on their different tours. The hoodie is available at 30% discount and in different sizes. A customer can find the sweatshirt highly stylish and will love to showcase their casual looks wherever they go. Along with this hoodie, one can also purchase a Justin Bieber ring and a purpose cap at reduced prices to complete the fashion and emulate the style of this hugely popular music sensation.
One can explore the complete range of Justin Bieber clothes available at discount prices on the website https://www.bieber-clothing.com.
About bieber-clothing.com:
Bieber-clothing.com provides Justin Bieber sweaters, hoodies, hats, pants, and various other items popularized by Justin for all their fans. All dresses and accessories are available at reasonable prices and showcase Justin's exclusive style. Made of quality material, these clothes are available in different sizes and are made for all Justin Bieber fans, irrespective of their age and physique.
For Media Contact:
Contact Person: Tyler Liu
Company: Shenzhen MiBaoSpace Technology Co., Ltd.
Email: service@bieber-clothing.com
Website: https://www.bieber-clothing.com
Before 11 a.m. Friday, 3-year-old Annalee Allen had accomplished their task of filling a basket with early spring strawberries. They knew a secret: that Tidewater's strawberry crop is ripe for the picking and way ahead of schedule.
Local farmers survived a tense winter, but now have another worry – that the ripe, juicy berries might rot on the ground because Tidewater pickers start picking near the first of May.
“People who think that strawberry season doesn't start until the first of May will miss half of the season at some farms,” said Tom Baker of Brookdale Farm, who tends fields in Chesapeake and Virginia Beach.
Southeastern Virginia farmers produce the bulk of the state's $8 million strawberry crop. Usually, the roughly 50 acres of local U-pick fields open to the public in late April, but not this year. Many fields opened this week, and some sounded the call even earlier.
“We've never started picking strawberries as early as April 9,” Baker said. “We've crushed our old record ... of the 18th of April.”
It was the same story at nearby Vaughan's Farm Produce, where on Friday morning pickers bent over rows of bushy plants and emerged from fields with baskets full of fruit.
At Bruce Henley's Flip Flop Farmer, also in Virginia Beach, where the rows are largely protected by woods, the season started even sooner, on March 25.
This was a worrisome winter for local strawberry farmers, who begin tending the spring crop in August. A mild February, the second-warmest on record, coaxed early blooms, but frost and temperatures well below freezing in March put the crop in peril. To save the berries, farmers covered fields or sprinkled crops with water to form a protective coat of ice, with varying degrees of success. The early blooms that survived have now fruited, thus the earliest picking season in recent memory.
Jen Vaughan, whose family has owned its namesake Virginia Beach farm since the 1600s, and who manages the U-pick operation at Mount Pleasant Farms in Chesapeake, estimates that weather ruined 20 to 30 percent of their Virginia Beach crop.
“We're recovering nicely,” they said, surveying the smattering of pickers in the field behind the farmstand.
Farmers have been opening fields sporadically with limited hours to allow berries to ripen, but expect to open for daily picking in the next few days. Prices are around $2.39 a pound, about 10 to 20 cents more than last year, due to the crop damage.
It's best to call ahead or check online for hours before heading for the fields. And don't forget the buckets.
This story originally appeared on PilotOnline.com.
Spanish economy minister Luis de Guindos, the longtime frontrunner to become the next vice president of the European Central Bank, is facing some resistance to their candidacy in the European Parliament.
Members of the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee who come from three of the legislature's eight political groupings say they have reservations about the 58-year-old Spaniard, arguing that he's more of a politician than a central banker and lacks the credentials to help pilot Europe's most powerful economic institution. The panel can delay appointments, though not block them.
“It wouldn't be acceptable if a minister moved directly from the Eurogroup to the vice presidency of the ECB,” said Sven Giegold, an European Union lawmaker from Germany who sits on the committee. “Everyone in the committee has the independence of the ECB very much at heart.”
Mr Giegold is a member of the Greens. Their sentiment was echoed by a member of the rival Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy bloc, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Irish Competition
Spain has said it wants to regain a seat on the ECB's six-member Executive Board after a six-year absence, and Guindos was expected to be the nation's candidate. Their position was weakened earlier this week when Ireland said it would nominate its central-bank governor, Philip Lane.
“The nomination of Philip Lane is good news,” said committee member Pervenche Beres, who used to chair the panel and is part of the Socialist bloc in parliament. “He's very solid and they are a professional. They have an excellent reputation as an economist.”
Governor Lane (48) heads up the European Systemic Risk Board's task force on safe assets. They received a PhD in economics from Harvard University in 1995 and was assistant professor of economics and international affairs at Columbia University from 1995 to 1997 before returning to Dublin.
While European governments make the appointment to the ECB board, the parliamentary committee can slow the process and seek to embarrass leaders if they fail to put forward a suitable candidate. The appointment of Luxembourg's Yves Mersch was stalled for months in 2012 over a lack of female contenders.
Nominations for the job must be submitted by the end of February 7th. The parliamentary committee plans an informal hearing behind closed doors in mid February before euro-area finance ministers make a selection at their February 19th meeting. That candidate then goes on to face public questions from the committee.
Mr Guindos can point to their record as minister. When they took office in 2011, Spain was a threat to the survival of the euro, its banking system crumbling from the impact of a real-estate meltdown. Now the economy is roaring along with growth of 3 percent a year -- faster than both France and Germany.
Lack of Women
Lawmakers have said they would like the Eurogroup to submit a shortlist of three - including women. There is only one woman, Germany's Sabine Lautenschlaeger, on the executive board at the moment and both politicians and policymakers have voiced concerns at the imbalance.
And gender balance is an issue that isn't going away. The vice presidency slot is the first of four ECB board seats that will be up for grabs in the next two years -- including the presidency.
“If there is a competent woman candidate they will have a competitive advantage, for sure,” Mr Beres said. “But being a woman is not enough to get you one of these positions.”
Meanwhile, the ECB itself is trying to stay above the fray. Asked about Prof Lane's prospects by RTÉ this week, executive board member Benoit Coeure, skirted the issue.
“Governor Lane, he's an outstanding economist. He's a good colleague on the Governing Council of the ECB. Now, as you know, the ECB has a very limited role in that process. We'll give an opinion at a later stage and it's really a political discussion; that's all what I can say.”
- Bloomberg
* Apple slips after revenue misses expectations
* S&P companies Q1 profit growth estimates has been rising
* ADP drops after disappointing earning reports
* Yum, Delphi higher after reporting results
* Indexes down: Dow 0.17 pct, S&P 0.25 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pct (Adds details, changes comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 3 U.S. stocks were lower in late morning trading on Wednesday as index-heavyweight Apple's disappointing report put a dampener on what has been a largely upbeat earnings season, with major stock indexes hovering near record highs.
Shares of Apple dropped 1.4 percent to $145.42 after the company reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales and forecast current-quarter revenue below estimates.
Apple was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite indexes. The S&P technology sector fell 0.44 percent, making it the biggest drag on the benchmark index among the 11 major S&P sectors.
Strong corporate reports so far had resulted in estimates for first-quarter profit growth at S&P 500 companies increasing to 14.2 percent as of Wednesday, from an estimate of 10.4 percent growth two weeks back, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We're about 70 percent through the earnings season and despite some isolated incidents, overall the season has been great," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
"And that's one of the reasons why the indexes are hovering near record levels."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P and the Nasdaq are less than one percent away from their record highs.
"The SPX has spent several days in a consolidation phase, but has yet to see relief from short-term overbought conditions," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG in a note.
"This could mean that a shallow pullback is needed to refresh the uptrend and allow for a breakout to new highs."
At 10:40 a.m. ET (1440 GMT) the Dow was down 35.58 points, or 0.17 percent, at 20,914.31. The S&P 500 was down 6.09 points, or 0.25 percent, at 2,385.08 and the Nasdaq was down 26.78 points, or 0.44 percent, at 6,068.58.
Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the materials index's 0.67 percent fall leading the decliners.
Automatic Data Processing fell 7.5 percent after its revenue missed expectations.
Yum Brands rose 3.5 percent to $68.66, while Delphi Automotive rose 8.2 percent to $84.89 after reporting results.
Anadarko Petroleum fell 8.3 percent to $51.53, after one of its wells was linked to a fatal explosion at a Colorado home.
Investors also await the Federal Reserve's statement on monetary policy at 2 p.m. ET. While the central bank is expected to hold interest rates steady, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,825 to 874. On the Nasdaq, 1,791 issues fell and 778 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 24 new 52-week highs and six new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 54 new highs and 47 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
April 12 Acasti Pharma Inc
* Acasti Pharma Inc - has successfully completed two Phase 1 and two Phase 2 clinical trials with Capre for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia
* Acasti Pharma Inc - outcome of recent end-of-phase 2 meeting with U.S. FDA confirmed that Phase 3 program is on track to start late 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Asenior official at Sport NZ is under investigation for possible conflicts of interest after a sport-focused mobile-app maker said they negotiated a deal to offer advice in return for being made a shareholder.
Sport NZ chief executive Peter Miskimmin told the Herald the relationship between Hugh Hutchison, a senior commercial adviser at the taxpayer-funded agency, and app-maker The Sports Agency (TSA) had not been disclosed at the time by their employee.
Miskimmin said the issues raised were "significant" and they were taking advice on Hutchison's employment.
"I need to prove the validity or otherwise of these claims," they said.
"Obviously there's a natural justice concern for that employee.
"So I've got an investigation going on - or about to start - and I'll conduct that as swiftly as I can."
Hutchison told the Herald they did not believe they did anything wrong; shares had been issued in their name by mistake and the arrangement had not progressed beyond discussion and it posed no real or actual conflict.
They said they would have raised the matter with their employer "if it was going to go ahead", and there was nothing to the allegations: "Nothing was taken forward with it, no money changed hands, so it's an allegation over nothing."
Sport NZ is the Government's lead sport funding agency and in the 2016 financial year received $130 million from public sources.
A former member of the British military who represented the country in freestyle skiing at the Olympics, Hutchison has been employed at Sport NZ working on sponsorship and marketing issues since 2010.
Continued below.
Related Content John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Your Views: Readers Letters Job applications go Hollywood
TSA is a startup focused on "providing digital solutions for sporting organisations" directed and owned by chartered accountant Chris King and football coach Chris Milicich.
According to Companies Office filings Hutchison was made a 15 per cent shareholder on February 14.
King, a chartered accountant who processed the documents, described this move as a "mistake".
"Unfortunately I pushed the button a bit fast on a conversation we were having," King explained.
Asked about the arrangement with Hutchison that underlay the share issue, King initially declined to provide details. "That's commercially confidential," they said.
Their co-director Milicich, a prominent figure in football and former coach of the New Zealand under-20 team, was more forthcoming. They said Hutchison was to be made a shareholder in return for offering "advisory" services.
"There was no money or anything like that. It was more their vast array of knowledge. But it was actually nothing to do with their current role," Milicich said.
King said in a later email that TSA had raised the possibly of a conflict of interest early and relied on Hutchison to disclose and clear matters with Sport NZ.
Miskimmin said they had first been notified of Hutchison's dealings with TSA on February 21 when a member of the public alerted them to the Companies Office filings.
They said they met Hutchison soon after and was assured the deal was financial only and as no money had changed hands it had not proceeded.
Milicich said Hutchison had told them the deal was off. "We were told we weren't allowed to do it. Conflict of interest from Peter Miskimmin, and that's fine," they said.
On February 23 the shareholding changes were reversed.
Hutchison said the deal wouldn't have involved the provision of any advice. "This was an equity purchase. Fifteen per cent for an amount. That was a cash purchase," they said.
King disputed this characterisation of the arrangement: "The role discussed was advisory and no capital injection was discussed as part of any potential deal."
Miskimmin said that while they were satisfied with their earlier handling of the episode, Herald investigations had prompted them to reopen the matter in order to get to the bottom of conflicting accounts.
MP Trevor Mallard, the Labour Party spokesperson for sport and recreation, said the episode was worrying and they would raise the matter with Sport NZ during their next appearance at select committee.
"It does not give the appearance of being tidy," they said. "If the answers that I get aren't satisfactory, then it could be appropriate for the State Services Commission to have a look at it."
A spokesperson for Sport and Recreation Minister Jonathan Coleman said it was an employment matter for Sport NZ to manage.
- NZ Herald
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
Where's Waldo? They have arrived in Santa Barbara!
Granada Books is bringing the famous children's book character in the striped shirt and black-rimmed specs to 20 businesses throughout the community this July.
Beginning Monday and through July 31, children and those who are kids at heart can spot Waldo in participating downtown businesses, where they can win prizes including stickers, book coupons and more.
All they need to do to join in the festivities is pickup a Waldo passport at any participating business listed: Andersen's Danish Bakery, Art Essentials, The Book Den, Chicken Little, Coffee Cat, Crushcakes, Game Seeker, Granada Books, Kernohan's Toys, Metro Entertainment, Naartjie, Paradise Found, Peanuts Maternity and Kids, the Santa Barbara Public Library System, Spoon Gelato, the United Boys & Girls Clubs and Unity Shoppe.
Waldo figures will be well hidden in these local establishments to create a fun new way to enjoy downtown and introduce children to the love of reading!
Meet Waldo, Wenda and Woof at Waldo's 25th Birthday Party at noon Saturday, Aug. 3 at Granada Books, 1224 State St. in Santa Barbara. Enjoy cake, prizes, games and miscellaneous hoopla!
Anyone who wishes to earn prizes can get their passport signed for each Waldo they spot. The first 100 Waldo seekers to get their passports signed at 10 or more sites can bring their passports back to Granada Books to collect prizes. Collecting store signatures at 15 or more businesses will entitle diligent seekers an entry into a grand prize drawing on Aug. 3, with the top prize being a six-volume deluxe set of Waldo books.
— Maria Long is a publicist representing Granada Books.
Contact
Sebastian Kalicinski
VP Corporate Marketing
***@zenith.capital Sebastian KalicinskiVP Corporate Marketing
End
-- The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services ("USCIS") has begun to issue I-526 Petition approval for EB-5 investors who invested in The Grange at Linden – a senior housing project developed by Zenith Capital in Seattle, Washington.In early April, five I-526 petitions submitted in Q3 2015 received approval from USCIS. The I-526 Petition approval marks the first step in the process for immigrant investors seeking to become permanent residents of the United States. The approval confirms the project structure and job-calculation methodology used in the Grange at Linden have met the U.S. Government's requirements.David Bovée, Zenith Capital's Managing Principal, shares "We are pleased to demonstrate USCIS approval for this senior living project, an industry which offers EB-5 investors a clear path to successful immigration through both direct and indirect job creation."Zenith Capital began the project 2015 with an estimated total cost of $32 million. As the financial advisor, Zenith secured the financing through a combination of private owner equity, EB-5 equity, and a HUD ("the Department of Housing and Urban Development")construction loan through CBRE.In December of 2016, the City of Seattle Design Review Board approved the design of The Grange. The facility, operated by Village Concepts, will provide the community with needed memory care support and assisted living services for over 100 residents. The Grange will create over 288 jobs in the local community thanks to the EB-5 investors.About Village Concepts:Village Concepts has been providing management service to senior communities since 1975. Drawing upon more than 40 years of experience and three generations of a proud family tradition, Village concept continues to provide a personalized touch to more than 1,200 residents in 16 senior communities located near metropolitan centers throughout Puget Sound and Central Washington.About Zenith Capital:Seattle-based Zenith Capital ( https://www.Zenith.Capital ) is real estate investment group specializing in delivering comprehensive finance, development and advisory services. Over the past 15 years, the group placed over $1.7 billion in financing in over 200 commercial projects, including nearly 50 seniors housing projects.For more information contact:Sebastian KalicinskiVP Corporate MarketingZenith CapitalDirect: 206-400-7615Email: Sebastian@Zenith.Capitalwww.Zenith.Capital
The Federal Government has recorded a whopping over N7 trillion in the Treasury Single Account (TSA) towards the end of March 2017, Accountant General of the Federation (AGF), Mr Ahmed Idris has said.
In an interview with the Economic Confidential in Abuja, Mr Idris further said the amount represents monies belonging to different Ministries, Departments and Agencies(MDAs) put in portal in such a way that government can view the entire balance as one.
“When we say we have over N5 trillion in TSA, it does not mean free funds for spending. No! no! no! These monies belong to various ministries, departments and agencies put in a portal in such a way that you can view the entire balance as one.
“The movement is now over N7 trillion. But as I explained earlier, these are not free money. People should not be thinking of why is government borrowing to fund budget. These are budgeted monies for MDAs for projects and developments,” they said.
They said that the federal government through the implementation of the TSA has saved additional N4 billion monthly which could have been held by banks, noting that a total collapse of government activities would have occurred were it not that TSA was in place.
“But let me also make a strong and important point. If not because TSA is in place and now that the recession is here, only God knows what would have happened. A monthly drain of over N4 billion and yet no revenue coming in and leakages continued. It could have been a disaster. It was government's foresightedness and focus even as TSA was in place before the recession. And that is why we are floating and not sinking, and we will not sink God willing,” they said.
“For instance, why would one university have over one hundred and twenty bank accounts, and some of them even hidden and missing and carrying huge balances. We also discovered that there are costs associated with keeping these multiple bank accounts. Every month the government incurs over N4 billion in maintaining these accounts! Yet Government is borrowing its own money. And to stop government from borrowing its money and for the fact that there were no commensurate returns on such monies, it was double tragedy! This is like a sword with two sides that can cut from any of the sides. Sanity was brought with the introduction of TSA.”
Speaking on the transparency in the disbursement of federation account monthly, the AGF noted that transparency and openness are key to the present administration, adding that It is a desire to institute discipline, good governance and trust. The government cannot be trusted if it says one thing and does another.
“The meager revenue that has been accruing is being judiciously used and there is fiscal discipline in management of public resources. Let me give you an example in the previous administration. There was a time state government kicked against savings. Now because what they know and being practiced by government of the day, they have decided to imbibe the culture of savings”.
“What am I trying to say? We have excess Petroleum Profit Tax (PPT). These are excess taxes from petroleum tax. When we get money over and above budgeted figure, the excess is always being saved. If it were before, state governments and other stakeholders would say it should be shared. And this is what has been giving us buffer, especially at this time of recession”.
“Despite the lean resources, we take from it and augment accordingly. And this is being done transparently. All the stakeholders are aware of balances at any point in time. Whatever revenue comes in is shown at National Economic Council meetings including all the governors who will be briefed by the Minister of Finance. They have seen the openness and have accepted what government has put in place and the economic team. This is why we are achieving remarkable success amidst recession”, they said.
On staff welfare Mr Idris said “the welfare of the staff of the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation is one of my cardinal objectives since I assume office. It is even a core objective I must say as managers of the treasury. Welfare as you may know promotes the best out of the staff apart from making them serve the system very well. There are different types of welfare for the staff of the OAGF. Some border on entitlements, training to enhance the capabilities of the staff. We have also done very well in the provision of brand-new staff buses we sourced from public spirited organizations including banks.”
“On the part of the Federal Treasury Academy, we have done very well in building hostel facilities, renovation of infrastructure and provision of generators, furniture for the classrooms and the auditorium and the provision of sporting facilities among others. Right now, there is an ongoing discussion with some real estate developers to build four hundred one bed-room and two-bedroom houses at our land situated at Federal Treasury Academy Orozo, Abuja”.
According to him, “these developments are targeted at lower cadre officers. All these are some of the initiatives we have put in place. We pay the first 28 days to staff on first come first served basis and each month we set aside the sum of N5 million towards that. Any staff that gets admission to tertiary institutions on part-time basis and would not disrupt their or their job schedule is allowed. So far we have given approval to such staff almost one thousand, most especially Nasarawa state University and University of Abuja.”
“We train them and also promote them, we maintain facilities here at the headquarters, we maintain and buy new furniture, apart from making the office environment conducive for work. This is part of motivation, this is part of welfare.”
Note: The Economic Confidential is a sister magazine of the PRNigeria. The link to the Interview How TSA Hit Over N7trillion – AGF Ahmed Idris: https://economicconfidential.com/exclusive-interviews/tsa-hit-n7tr-agf-ahmed-idris/
By PRNigeria
April 28 Apple International Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to form a business and capital alliance with Isuzu Motors Ltd
* Says the two entities will mainly cooperate in vehicle maintenance and repair business and second-hand car sales business
* The company plans to issue 1.38 million shares via private placement to Isuzu Motors on May 31, and will raise 401.6 million yen in total
* Isuzu Motors will own 9.97 percent stake in co after transaction
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/y8USMB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China will establish direct trading between its yuan currency and Thai baht to lower the cost of foreign exchange conversion, the China foreign exchange trading platform operator said on Friday.
Trading between the two currencies will begin on Feb. 5, the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS) said in a statement on its website. (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Winni Zhou; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
TRIMIT, a leading global provider of industry-tailored software solutions, and UK-based IT Lab have signed a partnership
TRIMIT - Industry-tailored software solution certified for Dynamics NAV ERP
Contact
TRIMIT
Troels Rasmussen, Head of Sales
***@trimit.com TRIMITTroels Rasmussen, Head of Sales
End
-- TRIMIT and IT Lab are proud to announce a new partnership that enables IT Lab to enhance Microsoft Dynamics NAV with TRIMIT's Microsoft gold standard industry-specific functionalities for the fashion, furniture, and general manufacturing industries.To stay ahead of the competition, companies today recognize the value of real-time insight into their entire business as well as automated and optimized business processes. TRIMIT meets these needs by offering an industry-tailored software solution that brings data from the entire company together. Businesses no longer have to work in disparate IT systems and worry about integrations and manual updates. With TRIMIT, PDM, ERP, and e-commerce comes in one single solution.David Mackay, Business Development Manager at IT Lab, said "IT Lab and TRIMIT share a strong focus on bringing our customers true value from the applications and support services we provide. Utilising the sector experiences and expertise from both parties this is an exciting time for our existing and potentially new clients. With further enhancement to what is already a solid foundation and functionality rich offering due in Jan 2018, we see the partnership being a huge success for all parties involved.""There is an excellent match between IT Lab and TRIMIT," said TRIMIT Head of Sales Troels Rasmussen. They continued, "IT Lab is a highly experienced Microsoft Dynamics partner. They have the in-depth business knowledge and experience needed to successfully deliver an outstanding service and successful projects to their customers. This is what we look for in partners."IT Lab will work with companies to help them envision and implement TRIMIT's industry-tailored business software. Hence, their customers will be able to optimise their business, bolster relationships, and drive growth.Rob Jones, Director of Enterprise Applications at IT Lab, added "we're delighted to add TRIMIT into our Dynamics portfolio and eager to build on our existing experience in the sector. This represents a significant step to extending our pedigree in this vertical market and reflects the growing shift towards an app strategy and an adaptive technology model.""We're wcj already busy kicking the partnership off to a good start, and we look forward to working with IT Lab for years to come," said Troels Rasmussen.IT Lab is a national award-winning IT support and technology services provider delivering outsourcing, cloud, application and consultancy services based in London and Manchester.Additional information about IT Lab is available at https://www.itlab.com For more than 27 years, TRIMIT has been a front-runner in providing companies worldwide with the platform they need to focus on doing business and perform at their very best.The industry-tailored solution is based on Microsoft Dynamics NAV and works by seamlessly combining PDM, ERP, and E-commerce in one single powerful software solution that covers the entire lifecycle of a product and provides companies with the insight they need to stay ahead of the competition.Today, more than 400 companies in the fashion, furniture, and manufacturing industries use the TRIMIT solution to automate and optimise their business from design to delivery.Additional information about TRIMIT is available at https://www.trimit.com
U.S. 10-YEAR YIELD ON TRACK TO POST The BIGGEST ONE-DAY INCREASE SINCE SEPTEMBER; LAST AT 2.847 PCT
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
May 2 Baloise Holding Ltd
* Publication of definitive interim outcome of Baloise's successful takeover bid for Pax Anlage AG
* Additional acceptance period of ten trading days, during which public shareholders of Pax Anlage can accept offer, begins on 3 May 2017 and is likely to end on 16 May 2017
* Baloise's long-term equity investment in Pax Anlage at end of offer period stands at a total of 146,224 Pax Anlage shares, equating to 81.24 per cent of voting rights and share capital Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
He's in the middle of a breakout season with the Warriors but like most young athletes, Isaiah Papali'i owes a lot to their mum, Lorina.
But not many know the 19-year-old got here by following in mum's footsteps.
Lorina played in World Cups with the Kiwi Ferns and Samoa in rugby union – an experience their cheeky son remembers a lot differently to them
“I just remember standing on my doorstep whinging that they were leaving for camp on certain weekends,” Papali'I said.
After playing 16 years, they retired in 2010, but recently at a funeral for their old Richmond club coach, they got talking to former teammates about the new Warriors women's team.
“The girls are like, ‘you can go back LorI'. I was like, ‘Yeah. Ok!'”
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/19KB9
AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post , a spokesperson for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's "buddy list," was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous "running man" logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In their post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
"In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it," they wrote.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dutch construction group VolkerWessels is set to float in Amsterdam, triggering a payday of up to €800m for one of the Netherlands' richest families.
The construction group, which is 100 per cent owned by the billionaire Wessels family, is expected to attract a market capitalisation of about €2bn, according to people close to the company.
While a final decision has not been made on the size of the stake, the company is expected to try to float between 30 and 40 per cent of its shares.
The Wessels family will remain the majority shareholders of the business in the short term, according to Jan de Ruiter, chief executive of VolkerWessels. “The family is diversifying its assets,” they said.
Although the family “will remain a long-term shareholder”, they will reduce their stake to a minority in the future. No new shares will be sold during the IPO, but Mr de Ruiter stressed: “We understand the need for liquidity in the market.”
A float would cap off a tumultuous decade for the group, which makes everything from light-rail systems to football stadiums. In the summer of 2007, private equity group CVC bought a 42.5 per cent stake in the group just before the financial crisis. But by 2013, CVC had reversed course and sold its stake back to the founding Wessels family.
The move would make VolkerWessels public again, less than two decades after it was taken private by the Wessels family in 2003. VolkerWessels posted annual earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of €254m in 2016, up 9 per cent on the year before. Revenues were €5.5bn.
As a public company, VolkerWessels will aim to pay out between 50 and 70 per cent of its net income as a dividend. Management estimates the group will achieve an operating margin of between 4.5 and 5.5 per cent over the medium term, with sales growth of between 3 and 4 per cent per year.
About 70 per cent of VolkerWessels sales come from the Netherlands, with the remainder coming from the UK, Germany and North America.
While the Netherlands has been stable, the collapse in sterling following the Brexit vote hit the group. The longer-term effects of Brexit on the group's British operations are still unclear. “It is too soon to tell,” said Mr de Ruiter.
VolkerWessels was formed in 1997, after a merger between Kondor Wessels and Volker Stevin, which started life in 1854. This merger was overseen by Dik Wessels, who turned the small eponymous Dutch construction firm they inherited from their father into the country's second largest — becoming one of the richest men in the Netherlands in the process, with an estimated fortune of €3.3bn, according to Quote, a Dutch magazine.
BARCELONA, April 3 Barcelona manager Luis Enrique paid tribute to their squad's strength in depth after they won 4-1 at Granada on Sunday without suspended talisman and La Liga top scorer Lionel Messi to stay on the heels leaders Real Madrid.
The coach rested centre backs Gerard Pique and Samuel Umtiti and started without captain Andres Iniesta but Barça claimed the points thanks to a tremendous display from Luis Suarez and an impressive showing by little-used striker Paco Alcacer.
"We would obviously like to have every player available all the time but it's great when you can make up for absent players with the type of squad we have, because it is squads that win you trophies", Luis Enrique told reporters.
"These games after international breaks are always special and a bit harder but we produced a solid performance from the start. The game became complicated with their equaliser in their only chance of the game but we managed to turn it around quickly and get a big scoreline which I think is a fair result."
Alcacer was thrown on early after Rafinha was forced off with a knee injury and the former Valencia striker restored Barça's lead in the second half and laid on the pass for Neymar to complete the scoring and net their 100th goal for the club.
"I'm very happy with Paco, you have to praise their attitude throughout the season as he's always been at the team's disposition," added the Barcelona coach.
"He was superb today, participating in two of the goals as well as scoring one and they were a constant danger for Granada."
Barça trail Real by two points but will have the chance to climb above their rivals when they visit the Santiago Bernabeu on April 23. Zinedine Zidane's side have a game in hand. (Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Metrovacesa:
* SAYS IT HAS FIXED ITS IPO PRICE AT 16.5 EUROS ($20.5) PER SHARE
* THAT PRICE IS AT THE BOTTOM OF A REVISED INDICATIVE RANGE OF 16.5 EUROS TO 17 EUROS A SHARE Source text for Eikon: ($1 = 0.8051 euros) (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of U.S. mobile network operator Sprint Corp is seen at a Sprint store in San Marcos, California August 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Sprint Corp's (S.N) shares closed down 14 percent on Wednesday after the No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier did not give specifics on deals it would pursue, even as it narrowed its quarterly loss.
Investors had high hopes for specific details on merger discussions on the company's post-earnings conference call from Sprint Chairman Masayoshi Son, who is chief executive of Japan's SoftBank Group Corp (9984.T), Sprint's controlling shareholder.
Instead, they introduced a new tool that Sprint was launching for customers to extend their network coverage and said the company was generally interested in exploring opportunities for a deal.
"If there are opportunities, we would be very much open-minded," they said. "We are self-sufficient, so we are not in a rush."
Shares slid 14 percent to close at $7.70, marking Sprint's largest one-day percentage decline since November 2014. Analysts said the company's lack of a tangible cost-cutting goal for 2017, coupled with no improved free cash flow forecast, also weighed on the stock.
The company added 42,000 subscribers who pay a monthly phone bill, an improvement from the year-earlier period and more than rivals AT&T Inc (T.N) and Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N). But the additions were not enough to generate investor enthusiasm.
"The bits of the business are moving in the wrong direction," said Jonathan Chaplin, an analyst at New Street Research, in an interview. "What that means in the context of M&A is their relative negotiating leverage is waning."
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission barred merger talks among telecommunications companies for over a year as it conducted an auction of airwaves from broadcasters for wireless use. Since the FCC-mandated quiet period concluded in late April, companies can now have discussions.
Reuters reported in February that SoftBank was positioning itself for deal talks with T-Mobile US Inc's (TMUS.O) top shareholder, Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGn.DE), once the airwaves auction ended.
On a call with reporters on Wednesday, Sprint Chief Executive Marcelo Claure also said that at this time, Sprint did not intend to separately sell its spectrum because its holdings give it a competitive advantage.
Sprint's net loss slimmed to $283 million, or 7 cents per share, in its fiscal fourth quarter, ended March 31, from $554 million, or 14 cents per share, a year earlier.
Net operating revenue rose 5.8 percent to $8.54 billion.
Analysts, on average, expected a net loss of 4 cents per share on revenue of $7.93 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Additional reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Steve Orlofsky)
In this photo by Associated Press photographer Rick Rycroft, deckhands on Wild Oats XI prepare a sail during the Big Boat Challenge. The challenge is a lead-up event to the Sydney Hobart open ocean yacht race.
The Sydney Hobart yacht race begins on Dec. 26 in Sydney Harbour.
___
This image was made with a lens at a focal length of 200mm, a shutter speed of 1/4000, aperture of f5, and ISO 250.
BURAO, Somalia Deadly cholera is spreading through drought-ravaged Somalia as clean water sources dry up, a top aid official said, deepening a humanitarian crisis in a country that is on the verge of famine.
The Horn of Africa nation has recorded more than 18,000 cases of cholera so far this year, up from around 15,000 in all of 2016 and 5,000 in a normal year, Johan Heffinck, the Somalia head of EU Humanitarian Aid, said in an email on Thursday.
The current strain of the disease is unusually deadly, killing around 1 in 45 patients.
Somalia is suffering from a severe drought that means more than half of its 12 million citizens are expected to need aid by July. Families have been forced to drink slimy, infected water after the rains failed and wells and rivers dried up.
"We are very close to famine," Heffinck said.
The Security Information Network (FSIN), which is co-sponsored by the United Nations food agency, said in a report on Friday Somalia was one of four African countries at high risk of famine.
Somalia's rainy season normally runs from March to May, but there has been no rain this month.
The drought has hit particularly hard in the breakaway northern region of Somaliland, where the rains began to fail in 2015, killing off animals that nomadic families rely on to survive.
'THIS IS THE LAST BOTTLE'
Listless, skinny children last week lay in crowded wards in the main hospital in the regional capital Hargeisa.
Three-year-old Nimaan Hassid had diarrhoea for 20 days before their mother brought them to hospital. They weigh only 6.5 kilograms, less than half the normal weight for their age.
Doctors say they are suffering from severe malnutrition but their grandmother, 60-year-old Fadumo Hussein, told Reuters the family has no money for food or clean water.
"We don't have mineral water to give to the sick child. This is the last bottle," they said, carefully pouring it into a feeding tube inserted through their nose.
In the malnutrition ward in the general hospital of Somaliland's second city Burao, doctor Hamud Ahmed said children were also being hit hard by diseases like tuberculosis, meningitis and measles.
Children's admissions reached almost 60 in March, up fourfold from October.
"This is due to the drought," Ahmed said. "When families lose all their livestock and children do not get milk, this is the famine that causes the children to suffer."
If the rains fail, the country could tip into famine. Somalia's last famine, in 2011, killed more than 260,000 people.
Heffinck said aid agencies were working overtime to try to prevent a similar disaster, trucking in clean water and stepping up the distribution of food and cash.
"The big difference this time is that we have started the preparation and scaling up of the relief operations earlier," they said.
(Additional reporting by Abdirahman Hussein; editing by Katharine Houreld and John Stonestreet)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
File this one under “no good deed goes unpunished.”
Regardless of what you may think of oil giant BP, you'd be hard pressed to argue that it hasn't bent over backward to make amends for the catastrophic Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010. The company has spent tens of billions of dollars on environmental cleanup and on compensation for businesses with real losses. It's waived the $75 million liability cap under the law and promises to spend whatever it takes to make things right.
Enter a parade of trial lawyers, a who's who of some of the nation's wealthiest lawyers. They smell big bucks and want a piece of the action. They find a loophole to exploit — a misinterpretation by the claims administrator of the settlement agreement's provisions for calculating a claimant's lost profits.
Instead of subtracting expenses from the revenues those expenses created — as is done under accepted accounting methods — the administrator is letting claimants match expenses and revenues by date, even if the expenses aren't related to that revenue at all other than merely happening around the same time.
So these lawyers start recruiting claimants and instructing them on how to game their numbers to show a “loss” of profit and therefore win compensation from BP. (One law firm's ad reads, “If the numbers work, there is no need to provide proof that BP caused your loss!”)
In reality, such “losses” often reflect nothing more than arbitrary or incorrect bookkeeping. Some state attorneys general are actively recruiting businesses to get a greater share of this fund for their states regardless of whether the claimants' losses were due to the spill.
The result is that thousands of claimants who suffered no losses are coming forward, obtaining outrageous windfalls and making a mockery of what was intended to be a fair and honest settlement process.
What are the consequences if this settlement agreement — perhaps the largest ever — fails? It means that next time a business will choose to litigate, rather than settle, which will delay for years compensation to true victims while driving up legal costs and producing a major windfall for lawyers, not victims.
BP is shelling out billions of dollars to fix what went terribly wrong. We wish the tragedy had never happened, but it has brought out the best in many citizens and members of the business community. It's sad and unacceptable that a few trial lawyers are exploiting the situation to line their own pockets. Their actions besmirch the dedicated efforts of Gulf residents who are helping the region come back strong.
For more free market news and ideas, click here to visit FreeEnterprise.com.
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The opinions expressed are their own.
AIKEN COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – Low pay and zero incentives are making it hard for South Carolina's Department of Education to hire qualified mechanics.
Two former state employees tell WJBF NewsChannel 6 in the past having an Automotive Service Excellence certification gave mechanics a boost in pay.
However, the state later revoked that incentive.
In South Carolina's School Bus Fleet Update from 2016, State Superintendent Molly Spearman said their biggest concern is the inability to recruit and retain maintenance technicians.
“It's almost like they don't want anybody who really knows what they are talking about in there,” said former S.C.D.E. Mechanic Trevor Mattingly.
According to the Department of Education the average mechanic salary is between $30,000 and $36,000 dollars a year.
Qualifications include at least 2 years of mechanical experience in automotive or related repair.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Mumbai, Tuesday 6th October 2017: The BBC 100 Women Challenge 2017 arrives in India next week as a team of female experts comes together to find ways to help women overcome illiteracy in a unique celebration of female talent.
‘BBC 100 Women Challenge: Change is Coming' draws on the experience of women across all spheres of modern life – from engineering to the creative industries, from sport to business – as teams based around the world tackle everyday problems currently blighting female lives.
Starting on Monday (9th October) the Delhi based team will have a working week to invent, develop and deliver a prototype that tackles the issue of female illiteracy, whether a tech solution, product or campaign. The group, which will be based at Innov8, in Delhi's Connaught Place, includes educationalists, activists, writers, tech experts and entrepreneurs plus women who have experienced the challenges poor literacy can bring.
They will then share their solution with an invited audience at the Katha Lab School, in Govindpuri, New Delhi and with the BBC's global audience via BBC World Service Radio's Outside Source programme on Friday 13th October from 2030IST. Outside Source will also be checking in on the team's progress on Tuesday 10th October and coverage will run on BBC World News TV. Plus the team will be followed by a BBC World News TV documentary team as they work on their solution (to be broadcast in November).
The team will include: Dr. Urvashi Sahni social entrepreneur, women's rights activist and educationist; Nitya Thummalachetty currently a business analyst at US firm CareCentra writer; yoga teacher and activist Ira Trivedi; Aditi Avasthi founder and CEO of edtech platform Embibe; and former journalist Tulika Kiran who now teaches young people in prison.
They will be joined by inspirational women and girls who will be sharing their experiences to help inspire the solution; including Mehroonisa Siddiqui mother of Indian actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who was not able to attend school and married at 14.
The team's progress during the week will be shared on the BBC's digital platforms including www.bbc.com/100women which will also play host to a wealth of video and written content exploring female literacy.
Audience participation will be a cornerstone of the BBC 100 Women Challenge. The team will want to hear directly from the BBC's audiences around the world, particularly women affected by the issues they are tackling and anyone who is already seeking solutions. People will be able to get involved in the challenge via social media with @BBC100Women and #100Women, online at www.bbc.com/100women and through the live shows.
The Delhi 100 Women Challenge follows the announcement of part one of the 100 Women List 2017. Ten Indian women including the Delhi team and others such as cricketer Mithali Raj, were named in the first 60 – see here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-41380265. The remaining 40 places will then be decided as the challenge progresses, drawn from those who have supported, inspired and helped the teams on the ground over the course of the four weeks.
The first BBC 100 Women Challenge launched in Silicon Valley, California this week (Oct 2 -6th) with a team looking at ways to smash the glass ceiling. After Delhi the focus will be on London and Nairobi as a group try to improve safety for female travellers using public transport (October 16th-21st); and finally for the fourth week women based in Rio de Janeiro will take on sexism in sport (October 23rd – 28th).
ENDS
Notes to Editors
BBC 100 Women was established in 2013 as an annual series focused on a list of 100 inspirational women. The list was supported by news, features, investigations and interviews highlighting the work of these women, targeting female audiences. In 2016 100 Women site generated 30 million hits over three weeks and was awarded an Alliance for Women in Media Gracie award. The project was also a finalist for the US Peabody Awards 2017 and scooped many other accolades.
Infrared Technologies recently concluded a successful exhibition at the Homebuilding and Renovation Show 2018 in Birmingham. The Homebuilding and Renovation Show is an annual event in the United Kingdom that allows people to get in touch with specialists in order to bring their renovation projects and ideas to life.
As experts in infrared heating technologies, Infrared Technologies showcased some of their latest innovative products. This year, they featured the latest electric underfloor heating innovations by Warmset.
Warmset infrared underfloor heating is a new and unique technology that ensures optimum heat distribution among round heating cable systems. This is achieved with its flat shape, providing a large heat exchange surface, and the shorter distance between heating elements. Together, these elements allow the underfloor heating mat to perform more efficiently, provide better heating throughput and save more energy than competing solutions.
These innovative heating solutions are capable of delivering uniform heating through a variety of floor materials including parquet, marble or even granite. Due to the greater surface area coverage, Warmset's infrared underfloor heating eliminates both hot and cold spots and maintains a uniform temperature throughout the surface it's installed under.
Another advantage of Warmset's underfloor heating solution is the simple installation that can be carried out by homeowners and doesn't require an expert. With some basic tools and DIY knowledge, anyone can cut the heating mat to size and install it in their home. Infrared Technologies also provides a useful YouTube video to showcase just how simple installation is, However, they also offer professional installation services for all of their products.
The heat which this underfloor heating provides is unbelievable, the room is nice and fresh but at the same time anyone who walks in the room feels warm and cozy without the stuffiness in the air. -Mr. S. Saulevicius, Infrared Technologies Customer
Infrared Technologies displayed Warmset's infrared heating solutions at the latest Homebuilding and Renovation Show 2018 in Birmingham. Show floor visitors were impressed with the demonstrations that were set up to showcase Warmset's latest infrared heating solutions. Those same products are now available on the Infrared Technologies website for customers to order. https://infraredtechnologies.co.uk
For more information regarding Warmet's infrared underfloor heating solutions, please refer to the contact information below.
Contact:
Lina Sumilo
Company: Eco Infrared Technologies Ltd
Address: Unit 1 30A Hawthorn Road, Winton, Bournemouth, Dorset, BH9 2QL, UK
Phone: 01202 975384
Email: info@infraredtechnologies.co.uk
Website: https://infraredtechnologies.co.uk
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
São Paulo Dubai Ports World Co and MSC Mediterranean Shipping Co SA are seizing on Brazil's three-year-long recession and rising debt levels among local port operators to bid for marine terminals in one of the world's top commodity exporters. But their plan will not come cheap.
Half of the 12 terminal and port sales negotiated in Brazil since January 2016 came at a premium to other similar deals in the region. Now people familiar with three of the six ongoing port deals in Brazil are expecting potential sellers to fetch premiums of 20 percent or more for their maritime terminal and port assets.
Ports have gained extra allure in the wake of government steps to privatize infrastructure in Latin America's largest economy, even if global maritime activity remains tepid. Brazil has about 37 state-owned ports and 180 privately-held marine terminals.
Foreign players perceive Brazilian port operators as less prone to facing roadblocks than other infrastructure segments, said Eleven Financial Research chief strategist Adeodato Volpi Netto.
A record grain crop and a gradual economic recovery should keep ports and terminals busy, potentially accelerating M&A activity before valuations climb further. The value of port acquisitions in the Americas averaged 8.9 times expected earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) in the first quarter, data compiled by Thomson Reuters showed.
"Timing seems right for these deals as interest from global players in Brazil's port industry keeps growing," Volpi said.
MSC is offering partner TPI Triunfo Participações & Investimentos SA (TPIS3.SA) the equivalent of 12 times expected EBITDA for a 50-percent stake in the PortoNave terminal and a nearby cold storage unit, three people familiar with the talks said.
After ending talks to buy Advent International Corp's 50 percent in TCP Terminal de Contêineres de Paranagua SA due to price issues, DPWorld is close to buying out partner Odebrecht SA's 66-percent stake in the Embraport terminal at similar multiples, the people said. The deal has taken longer to close because of Odebrecht's involvement in a Brazil graft scandal, they said.
Valuations remain resilient even for mature value plays like TCP. According to the people, China Merchants Group Ltd [CNMGP.UL] would be willing to pay slightly more than 13 times expected 2017 EBITDA for Advent's stake in TCP, valuing it at 3.5 billion reais ($1.1 billion), the people said.
MSC, Advent, Triunfo, Odebrecht, China Merchants, DPWorld and Odebrecht all had no immediate comment.
MORE TARGETS SEEN
The sources spoke under the condition of anonymity, citing confidentiality accords surrounding the deals.
Porto Itapoá and liquid bulk terminal AGEO Terminais e Armazéns Gerais SA are among potential targets, the people said. Brazil's D'Avila family is also considering selling Terminal Portuario de Itajai SA, or Teporti, one person said.
AGEO's owner Cynara Ruiz hired Banco Santander Brasil SA (SANB11.SA) and Banco Bradesco SA (BBDC4.SA) to look for buyers, two people said. Battistella Administração & Participações SA (BTTL4.SA) and BRZ Investimentos SA-led funds are on the way to hire financial advisers to sell Itapoá, one person said.
AGEO, Itapoá, Teporti and the banks did not have any comment.
Brazil's port industry is undergoing deep changes, with returns seen declining as shipping firms gain in scale through M&A. Maersk Line [APMOLM.UL], the world's No. 1 shipping company, last December announced plans to buy smaller rival Hamburg Sud, which may put pressure on rates, the sources said.
Competition has especially increased in the Santos port, Latin America's largest, hampering profits for container players. New terminals began to operate in the Santos port in 2014, when the economy slumped into recession - leading to a supply glut that only worsened as demand declined.
Reuters reported on Monday that the Brazilian government has changed plans and is considering selling rights to operate the port of Vitoria as part of the ongoing infrastructure privatization plan.
(Editing by Andrew Hay, G Crosse)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE IN VIDEO
Several Kiwis have been caught up - with at least one injured - in a bungled fireworks display at a New Year's Eve Full Moon Party in Thailand.
Partygoers were showered in red hot sparks after a fireworks display malfunctioned on Koh Phangnan Island, One News reported.
Madison Reidy, who was with a small group of friends from New Zealand, suffered minor burns when the wind blew sparks into the crowd just after midnight.
"My whole body was burning; I could feel sparks stinging my face, legs and arms. It felt as though all of my skin was on fire," they told One News.
We heard people closer to the sign screaming and the crowed swayed, pushing people over," the 21-year-old said.
Video footage from the night shows people screaming and running after the sign reading "Happy New Year 2017" was lit up.
"I yelled at my friends to duck. I dropped to the ground and curled up in a ball covering my face to protect it from being burned," Reidy said.
@TheSun here are some of the burns I received from the fireworks at thailands full moon party. These are just a few we're covered head to toe pic.twitter.com/uAh4psZ2fz — lucy coyle (@lucy_coyle) January 1, 2017
"We think the female tourist next to us broke their ankle after being trampled on by the crowd."
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: New Year's Eve party leaves Kiwi tourist with burns David Betancourt: Rogue One gave us Darth Vader's greatest movie moment Christchurch brothel owner Fan Jiang loses bid to block $2m police seizure order
Another Kiwi, from Christchurch, posted about their experience on Facebook.
"So glad we were closer to the stage ... still got burnt/trampled on though.
"[Friend] has a video when we all fall to the ground and you can hear people yelling and screaming and sparks hitting there faces and me like wimping in pain we are fine ... so scary!" they wrote.
It is estimated that about 20,000 people were attending the party on Koh Phangan, an hour's flight from Bangkok.
A guy at our hostel got a video from further back! What a nightmare! #FullMoonParty pic.twitter.com/FMhFe7vtg0 — lucy coyle (@lucy_coyle) January 1, 2017
As many as 30,000 people attend the famous rave every month, which goes past dawn.
Most are tourists from Europe and the United States who have come specifically for the event.
"It was just like a shower of burning sparks," Lucy Coyle, a British tourist, told AFP.
- NZ Herald
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
LONDON Sterling will weaken far less this year and next year than originally expected, analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch said on Friday, citing the 'game-changing' general election British Prime Minister Theresa May has called for June 8.
They still see the pound underselling pressure as the economy faces "Brexit challenges", but have ditched their call for a slide to $1.15 in the coming months and see a high of only $1.19 for the remainder of this year.
"The announcement of an 8th June general election was a game-changing event for sterling," currency strategist Kamal Sharma wrote in a note on Friday. "Sterling will face Brexit challenges but its day of reckoning has been pushed further into the future."
May is expected to win a much larger and more stable majority in parliament, providing a greater degree of stability in the Brexit negotiations and thereby reducing the likelihood of a so-called 'hard Brexit', analysts say.
Sharma and their colleagues now see sterling bottoming out at $1.25 in the current quarter and ending the year at $1.27, compared with their respective forecasts of $1.15 and $1.19 previously.
The currency will end next year at $1.32, higher than the previous forecast of $1.29, they added.
The pound hit a seven-month high against the dollar on Friday of $1.2944
Analysts at Deutsche Bank raised their forecasts earlier this month too, citing the election news as a "game-changer". They were even gloomier than BAML, and had pencilled in a fall to as low as $1.06 before changing their views.
(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Theresa May's letter is delivered to EU Council President Donald Tusk
Video will play in
Icons of Football review by Sky Sports
Little Mix - Touch (Official Video)
Curry made in honour of customer
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
Watch this video again
Shona discovers David Platt's killer secret in Co
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May is to make a statement in Downing Street at 11.15am today after Cabinet.
In an unusual move, Number 10 did not announce what subject they would address.
But statements by the Prime Minister in the street are usually reserved for big announcements.
There is speculation that Mrs May could call a snap general election.
But Downing Street has always denied they will call a vote before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
BBC's Laura Kuenssberg tweeted: "PM making a statement in Downing Street at 1115 - only normally used for most serious moments.
"Watch election rumour mill go crazy.... has May decided to go for it?"
Robert Peston, ITV political editor, added: "Theresa May making statement in Downing St at 11.15. Syria? NK? Or just poss that thing I always thought they would do, ie election? Flip!"
Kevin Maguire, of the Daily Mirror, wrote: "What Theresa May could announce at 11.15: Election, quitting, war, Brexit 2nd ref, scandal, death of Larry the cat."
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump's pick to lead the National Security Agency and the U.S. Cyber Command.
On a voice vote, the Senate approved Paul Nakasone for one of the nation's top intelligence posts. They also approved their military promotion to general.
Nakasone, a longtime member of the cryptologic community, has a strong background in cyber issues.  They are replacing the current director, Mike Rogers, who is retiring.
During their confirmation hearing, Nakasone said China, Russia and other nations that launch cyberattacks against the United States aren't worried about retribution and see no reason to change their behavior.
Advertisement
"They don't fear us," they said at the hearing, adding that the U.S. must impose costs on those adversaries to make them stop.
Nakasone previously commanded the U.S. Army Cyber Command and held military intelligence positions in Afghanistan, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index slumped to a four-month low on Friday, with resource and marijuana shares leading broad based declines as higher bond yields pressured global equity markets.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index unofficially closed down 254.89 points, or 1.61 percent, at 15,606.03, its biggest drop since May. All of the index's 10 main groups ended lower. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by James Dalgleish)
April 6 Nova Lifestyle Inc
* Nova Lifestyle announces new facility in response to continued surge in paying customers and student member sign-ups on company's blockchain-based Nova-Mart site
* Nova Lifestyle Inc - number of sign-ups in March topped 2,000, approximately doubling from February Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
May 2 Molina Healthcare Inc:
* Molina Healthcare reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.47
* Q1 earnings per share $1.37
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.58 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Molina Healthcare - FY 2017 earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share guidance revised to reflect acquisition termination fee
* Molina Healthcare Inc - confirming its 2017 outlook for earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share, to $2.53 and $2.90
* Molina Healthcare Inc - revising 2017 outlook for impact of $75 million acquisition termination fee received in q1 of 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.06 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Molina Healthcare Inc - qtrly total revenue $4,904 million versus $4,343 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.58, revenue view $4.78 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Sets Frankfurt stock market listing for Feb. 15
* To sell 7 mln new shares, 13.35 mln existing shares
* Sets placement price at 21.50-25.50 euros per share
* To have market cap of 795-943 mln euros (Adds free float, plans for proceeds, CEO comment)
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - German residential property developer Instone Real Estate Group has set its flotation on the Frankfurt stock exchange for February 15 and said it could reach a market value of almost 950 million euros ($1.2 billion).
The placement will be Germany's second stock market listing of 2018, which is expected to be a blockbuster year for initial public offerings (IPOs). Drugmaker Dermapharm plans to list on February 9.
The placement will comprise 7 million new shares from a capital increase and 13.35 million shares from fund holdings by ActivumSG Capital Management at a price of 21.50 to 25.50 euros each, the company said on Friday.
Up to 3.05 million shares from ActivumSG have also been earmarked for over-allotments.
That will give the company a market capitalisation of between 795 million euros and 943 million euros, Instone said.
Some 55 percent of shares in Instone will be freely traded following the listing, a spokesperson said, rising to 63 percent if the over-allotment option is fully used.
Instone said it plans to use around 55 million euros of the net proceeds from the placement of new shares to repay a shareholder loan and the remainder will go toward the acquisition and development of new residential projects.
“With expected around 100 million euros in net proceeds at the mid-point of the price range, we will be able to acquire new land plots and work towards reaching our target sales volume of 900 million euros to 1 billion euros by 2021,” Instone Chief Executive Kruno Crepulja said in a statement.
Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse are organising the flotation with the help of Morgan Stanley, BNP Paribas and Unicredit.
Instone was formed by a merger of peer GRK and Formart, part of German builder Hochtief, which specialist real estate investor Activum bought in 2014 for about 300 million euros. ($1 = 0.7996 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
March 29 Fujitsu Ltd :
* Says it plans to offer takeover bid for 735,236 shares(or no less than 445,924 shares) of Solekia Ltd at 4,000 yen per share
* In the previous release disclosed on March 16, it planned to offer takeover bid for 735,357 shares(or no less than 446,045 shares) of Solekia at 3,500 yen per share
* Says the total amount for the acquisition is raised to 2.94 billion yen, up from 2.57 billion yen
* Says Fujitsu will raise stake in Solekia to 87.5 percent from 2.7 percent after the acquisition
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/KWeR5H; goo.gl/MQkIZR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 31 Bonds issued by the Venezuelan government crashed on Friday as political tensions escalated following the annulment of the country's legislature by its high court earlier this week, a move that ignited protests and international condemnation.
The price on Venezuela's benchmark $4 billion bond maturing in September 2027 with a 9.25 percent coupon fell by more than 3.5 cents to around 46.4 cents on the dollar, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction of price, shot up by 1.55 percentage points to nearly 23 percent, the highest since last August. It was the largest one-day rise in yield since October.
The country's high court late Wednesday stated it was assuming Congress' role in a ruling authorizing President Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval.
The move was met with international condemnation and street protests, and on Friday the fallout intensified when Venezuela's attorney general broke ranks with Maduro and rebuked the judiciary for its move.
Some longer-dated bonds were even lower in price. The less widely traded March 2038s, with a 7 percent coupon, were bid at 40 cents on the dollar, down from 42.6 cents on Thursday. Their yield rose to 18.22 percent from 17.17 percent. (Reporting by Dan Burns; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
(Adds comments on Fed, C$)
By Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr
OTTAWA, April 12 The Bank of Canada did not even consider cutting interest rates as it left monetary policy unchanged on Wednesday amid signs of strong growth, but it is too early to conclude the economic growth is sustainable, Governor Stephen Poloz said.
Sounding less dovish than in January, when they said policymakers discussed a possible rate cut, Poloz said the bank was "decidedly neutral" even as it raised its growth forecast for 2017.
"Given the data that we've seen in the last few months, I can quite clearly say no, a rate cut was not on the table at this time," Poloz told a news conference.
Reiterating its position that material excess capacity remains in the economy, the central bank nudged up its growth forecast for 2017 but lowered its projection for potential growth to reflect "persistently weak investment."
Taken together, the outlooks mean the bank now projects the output gap to close in the first half of 2018, sooner than the mid-2018 date predicted in January.
In a report that noted a weakness for every strength, the bank said business investment remains well below what could be expected at this stage in the recovery and wage growth remains subdued, while residential investment has been stronger than expected.
"This is Bank of Canada telling you that they are not going to touch interest rates anytime soon," said Benjamin Tal, senior economist at CIBC Capital Markets.
In later testimony to a parliamentary committee, Poloz said it would be wrong for the bank to try to offset market factors driving the Canadian dollar, but acknowledged that a weaker currency is "selectively good" for some sectors, making exports more competitive but increasing input costs.
The U.S. dollar sank on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said the greenback was "getting too strong" and they would prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low.
Poloz said speculative forces are at work in Toronto's hot housing market, noting that prices, which rose 33 percent in March from a year earlier, are divorced from fundamentals.
Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins emphasized that while the bank sets policy independently of the Fed, which has begun hiking rates, higher U.S. rates will have an impact.
"As the Federal Reserve starts to tighten interest rates, we're going to quite naturally import some of that rise and in fact we have seen that," Wilkins told the committee. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Leslie Adler)
India's Amit Mishra celebrates after dismissing South Africa's AB de Villiers (not pictured) during the second day of their first cricket test match, in Mohali, India, November 6, 2015. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
NEW DELHI Contrary to popular belief, Twenty20 cricket rewards brains as well as brawn with the smartest spinners able to find a way to nullify the most explosive batsmen, according to wily Indian Premier League (IPL) veteran Amit Mishra.
Mishra's 124 wickets rank second only to Sri Lankan paceman Lasith Malinga's 143 in the history of lucrative tournament and the Delhi Daredevils player said spinners were not merely cannon-fodder in the shortest form of the sport.
"You must have variation if you are to succeed at this level," Mishra told reporters on Wednesday, the opening day of the new IPL season, joined on stage by their Delhi spin colleagues Jayant Yadav, Shahbaz Nadeem and Murugan Ashwin.
"When to bowl slow, when to go faster, it's important to get the maximum out of your variations. Sometimes it may not work, but if you are a quality bowler, you have more chances to succeed," added the 34-year-old, who has 22 test caps for India.
In a format dismissed by the purists as mindless slogging, Mishra explained the futility of merely trying to contain and stressed on the need to relentlessly pressure the batsmen.
"The spinner's role is very crucial in the first 10 overs. My effort has always been to take a wicket or two, while stopping the boundaries," said Mishra, whose three hat-tricks are the most by an IPL bowler.
Off-spinner Jayant concurred, saying slow bowlers would have to think on their feet to prevail in the battle of wits against the big hitters.
"To stop power-hitting, you have to be really aware of everything -- the batsman, the conditions and the situation in the game," they said.
"You have to read it really fast. Every ball in Twenty20 can win you a match. You just have to be aware of the situation and what the batsman is trying to do to outthink and outsmart him."
Left-arm spinner Nadeem said they would put their trust in flighted deliveries.
"Spinners must find the right line and length and deceive the batsmen in air," the 27-year-old said.
"Normally, batsmen try to score against you, so if you can deceive them in the air, you always have a chance to get them out," they added.
"If the batsmen have come up with new shots in the tournament, spinners have responded with new deliveries.
"You see the carrom ball and then so many are bowling the doosra, which has been around for a while.
"If the batsmen have innovated, the spinners too have worked really hard on their craft."
Champions Sunrisers Hyderabad host Royal Challengers Bangalore in the first match of this year's tournament later on Wednesday. Delhi start their campaign in Bengaluru on Saturday.
(Editing by John O'Brien)
File photo: Frank May / NTB scanpix
Birth rates in Norway were 4.2 percent lower in the first three quarters of 2017 than in the same period during the preceding year, newly published figures show.
The figures were registered by the Norwegian Labour and Welfare Administration based on numbers of people receiving state welfare support (barnetrygd), to which all parents living in Norway with children under 18 are entitled, reports news agency NTB.
In 2016, a total of 58,890 children were born, while last year 43,890 came to the world during the year's first nine months.
Birth rates are normally lower in the year's final quarter, according to the report.
That means Norway's overall 2017 birth rate is projected to be the lowest since the beginning of the 2000s, when it hovered around the 55,000 mark annually.
The post-2000 peak was reached in 2009, when around 62,000 babies were born. Since then, births have dropped off by a few hundred each year.
Although fewer babies are being born, the number of parents receiving state income support has remained stable at around 673,000, of which around 81,000 are men. The proportion of men has increased from 7.5 percent in 2008 to 12 percent at the end of 2016.
The decrease in births has been offset by an increase in the number of foreign citizens working in Norway and thereby becoming entitled to the welfare payment, keeping the overall figure relatively unchanged, NTB writes.
Final birth rate statistics will be published by the official Statistics Norway agency in March.
READ ALSO: Norwegian birth rate decreases for seventh consecutive year
LIMA (Reuters) - Approval of Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski fell five points to a record low this month on a weak economy and a rash of labour strikes, a poll showed on Sunday.
Kuczynski's approval fell to 29 percent in August from 34 percent in July, its third consecutive decline, pollster Ipsos Peru said in a survey published in national newspaper El Comercio. Disapproval of the 78-year-old president, a former Wall Street banker and World Bank economist, climbed six points to 64 percent.
"The survey finds the reasons for this disapproval to be disillusionment at the first year of the government and a wave of strikes that the country has faced," Ipsos Peru Director Alfredo Torres told the paper.
Peru's economy over the last year has suffered because of massive floods, as well as fallout from a major corruption scandal involving Brazilian builder Odebrecht [ODBES.UL]. In the last month, doctors, teachers, miners and other groups have gone on strike, further damaging the reputation of the centrist leader.
The strikes "are probably the main explanation for the malaise that this poll shows," Torres said, emphasizing that approval of the nation's economy and education ministers fell as well.
In an interview on Friday, Kuczynski told Reuters that recovering internal credit and increasing prices for key exports copper and gold would likely boost economic growth in the coming months.
The Ipsos Peru poll surveyed 1,298 people between August 9 and 11. It has a margin of error of 2.7 percentage points.
LONDON (Reuters) - Satellite group Avanti Communications (AVN.L) has appointed a former Vodafone Group executive as its CEO, the firm said on Friday.
Kyle Whitehill, currently CEO of Liquid Telecom and previously CEO of Vodafone Qatar, will take up the role from April 3.
They succeed David Williams, who left the firm last summer, with Alan Harper, at the time a non-executive director of Avanti, taking up the mantle as interim CEO since then.
4/7/2018 – Reaching the first page of Google wasn't easy. But now that your business has accomplished the feat, you still have to maintain your high position on the search engine. Otherwise, your profits will suffer without earning traffic from online marketing, you will get minimal new customers, if any at all. You have to attract them with positive visibility and turn people into buyers. Over time, these clients can become long term customers.
When it comes to the most effective procedures of internet marketing, the rules are ever-evolving and changing. That is why it is essential that you stay up to date on the latest and greatest tricks of the trade. Not only must your website utilize the right keywords, you must be careful not to get spammed.
SEO Company in Fort Lauderdale – To begin, make sure your website is completely up to date. Is your content well written and relevant? If it is old news, your website will suffer on search engines. It is also important to rely on headings and subheadings that incorporate your keywords, as well as photo titles and descriptions. Make sure your website is visually appealing or visitors won't read it, causing your bounce rate to soar.
Next, it is crucial to make sure your website loads quickly. Speed matters to Google. Surfers of the web are rather impatient, so it won't take long for a potential buyer to move on to a competitor's site. If your page is taking longer than a second or two to load, it may be time to work on your speed optimization.
About The Author:-
http://www.iconseo.com/
SEO Company in Fort Lauderdale – Award-winning Certified Agency providing internet marketing and SEO services in Fort Lauderdale. Increase leads and sales for your business. Call Today.
Contact Details:
5100 W Copans Rd #900 Margate, FL 33063
8005581017
Wanos is proud to announce their decision to partner with Acrosser Technology to provide them with a new range of Network Optimization Switches (NOS).
Wan Optimization Appliances
Contact
Wanos Networks
***@wanos.org Wanos Networks
End
-- Wanos Networks has released the long awaited details of their strategic partnership with Acrosser Technology for the supply of their new range of Network Optimization Switches, the NOS-300 and the Wanos NOS-450.The new switches will directly replace the previous models, the WN-250 and WN-400.Their new range of Network Optimization Switches have been specifically designed to enhance the functionality of Wanos Technology's WAN optimization software that has been demonstrated to be able to increase network throughput by up to tenfold in the field.Antonie Henning MD of Wanos Networks explained the thinking behind why they chose Acrosser Technology as their preferred partner to deliver their new range:"When we went to the market to choose a supplier for our new range of Network Optimization Switches we had several criteria front of mind in our thinking.The obvious considerations were product quality, reliability and to find a partner with an impeccable track record in the marketplace.That said, the overall driver in our final decision was to uncover a company that could specifically help us provide the best possible end-user experience for our clients.Wanos Technology prides itself in providing easily implemented, hassle free solutions and it's critical that any component that forms part of a solution is up to the task.We have an enviable reputation for quality and reliability in the WAN optimization space and we're laser-focused on maintaining and improving our users' experience through innovation and the introduction of new products such as the NOS-300 and NOS-450.That's why we selected Acrosser Technology to be our trusted partner.Since 1987 Acrosser Technology has been a pioneer in the evolution of industrial computing and have assisted thousands of customers in developing embedded systems for various industries.The Acrosser products are FCC and CE certified and their track record in Network Security and Wireless Networking is impressive. They have worked for many Fortune 500 vendors including Cisco Systems.We are 100% confident in Acrosser Technology's ability to provide us with Network Optimization Switches that meet and exceed our stringent quality requirements.We view them as the ideal partner and well positioned to assist us in delivering industry leading SLA's to our clients.Moreover, as we continue to innovate and grow our business, we believe that Acrosser Technology is more than capable of meeting our requirements in the future.Above all, we're confident Acrosser Technology's Network Optimization Switches will deliver peace of mind for us and our clients in mission critical network environments.And that's what really counts when it comes to maintaining and building on our reputation."Wanos Networks can be contacted via their website at http://wanos.co/ wan-optimization/ and will happily supply a quote based on the basic information you're invited to supply in their contact form.To test drive their WAN Optimization products see http://wanos.co/ wan-optimization/ products-solutions/ Wanos Networks (Pty) Ltd are suppliers of WAN Optimization software. Wanos software provides 80% of premium benefits at 20% or less of the cost. It specifically addresses the needs of organizations where premium WAN optimization solutions are not financially viable. Wanos Networks (Pty) Ltd have become trusted partners of businesses in several countries since their foundation in 2013.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
May 1 Peat Resources Ltd
* Peat announces interim financial statements, an update to potential technology initiatives, and changes to the board
* Peat Resources - continuing investigation of options and potential opportunities while maintaining peat fuel processing equipment and facility as funds allow
* Announce resignations of John Allen and Scott Allen from board Further company coverage:
VIENNA, April 10 Austrian lender Raiffeisen Bank International, which recently shelved plans to sell its Polish unit and announced it would restructure it instead, said on Monday it would cut the equivalent of up to 950 jobs in Poland by the end of 2019.
The bank plans to close 60-70 branches in Poland by 2018 as well as launch "cost-saving initiatives" of around 50 million euros ($53 million) and cut 850-950 full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs by the end of 2019, it said in a statement. ($1 = 0.9445 euros) (Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Shadia Nasralla)
(Adds details)
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dutch gas producer NAM said on Friday it had halted all production at the Loppersum site in the Groningen field following an earthquake in the region last month.
Economy minister Eric Wiebes instructed NAM on Thursday to halt production at the five production points which form the Loppersum site to limit seismic risks, following recommendations by the Dutch gas sector regulator.
Production at the five Loppersum clusters was already limited to around 1 billion cubic metres (bcm) per year, in an effort to reduce the number of earthquakes caused by decades of gas extraction.
Fluctuations in the production at Loppersum, however, were marked by the regulator as a possible cause for the strongest earthquake in years that hit on Jan. 8.
That 3.4 magnitude tremor led the government to look for ways to further limit Groningen production, after already cutting it by 60 percent from a 2013 peak following a string of earthquakes caused by decades of extraction.
Wiebes on Thursday said they would follow the regulator's advise to cut production to 12 billion cubic metres (bcm) per year, from the current cap of 21.6 bcm, as quickly as possible.
Reducing production to that level could take several years, as many Dutch households and factories still depend on gas from the Groningen field. (Reporting by Bart Meijer; editing by Jason Neely and David Evans)
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
A couple who fell seriously ill near the English town of Amesbury were poisoned with the same Novichok nerve agent used in the nearby Skripal incident, British police confirmed on Wednesday.
The Skripal case caused a rift between the UK and Russia, after the UK concluded that the nerve agent used was Soviet-made. Moscow denied the claim and the confrontation led to an exchange of diplomat expulsions between both countries.
Novichok is a series of highly toxic nerve agents developed in the Soviet Union in the 1970s and 1980s, which has a slightly different chemical composition than the VX nerve agent and sarin poison gases.
What we know so far:
A 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman were found unconscious on Saturday at a house in a quiet neighborhood of Amesbury, just 12 kilometers (8 miles) from Salisbury, where the Skripals were poisoned.
They are in a critical condition in the same UK hospital where Sergei Skripal and their daughter Julia were treated.
Local police have established two help lines to take calls from those who may have concerns about a possible contamination.
Police have restricted access to five locations, including a park and a property in Salisbury, and a pharmacy and a community center in Amesbury.
Scientists are conducting tests on the substance to see if it belongs to the same batch as the one in the Skripal case.
Read more: Skripal poisoning: Germany got Novichok chemical sample from Russia in the 1990s
Emergency meeting
Home Secretary Sajid Javid said they would chair a meeting of the government's emergency committee on Thursday. "(This) follows the reckless and barbaric attack which took place in Salisbury in March."
Britain's counter-terrorism police chief Neil Basu said there was no indication the couple were deliberately targeted, based on what was known about them. But they said it was unclear how the nerve agent was transmitted.
England's Chief Medical Officer said the risk to the general public remained low.
A Downing Street spokesperson said the incident was being treated "with the utmost seriousness."
jcg/aw (AFP, Reuters, dpa)
Iraqi refugees who fled the violence in Mosul walk past tents near the Iraqi border, in Hasaka Governorate, Syria October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Rodi Said
KUWAIT A senior United Nations refugee official on Sunday called on Gulf Arab states to give more to help Syrians displaced by six years of civil war, saying they saw little sign that the crisis would end any time soon.
Speaking during a visit to Kuwait to sign a $10 million (8 million pound) aid agreement for Syrian refugees in Iraq, Kelly T. Clements, deputy commissioner for the United Nations High Commision for Refugees (UNHCR), also said the U.N. body lamented the "sad" fact that the number of refugees fleeing Syria's civil war had passed the 5 million mark.
"For us at UNHCR, we don't celebrate these milestones. We in fact try not to bring a lot of attention to it because it is not a good story," Clements told Reuters.
"It means basically that we haven't seen a political solution to make it possible for people to go home safely and in dignity and voluntarily."
Syrians have poured across their borders into Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq since anti-government protests in 2011 descended into a full-blown conflict between rebels, Islamist militants, government troops and foreign backers.
Clements said that apart from the 5 million refugees, there were some 13.5 million people who had been displaced inside Syria, some of them moved on twice, three or four times.
"They are not able to support their families. They are in harm's way in terms of mortar shells ... They are not able to put their kids through school. Statistics we have show that a million-and-a-half kids inside Syria are out of school," Clements said.
"So for us, it is a sad time to see the number exceeding 5 million people," they added.
Speaking after they signed the aid agreement with the state-run Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development, Clement said that Kuwait was the sixth largest donor to UNHCR, providing some $360 million between 2013 and 2015.
"The other GCC countries have not managed to come anywhere close," they added, referring to the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council of mostly oil-rich Arab monarchies.
"We would like that to change. In fact the resources that we need in order to provide humanitarian support throughout the world, including places like South Sudan and Somalia or Myanmar, Bangladesh, we are only meeting less than half of our budget," they told Reuters.
They said support from countries like Russia and China was still "much more nascent" than that of the Gulf Arab states, but was increasing.
Asked if they saw an end to the flow of refugees from the conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Yemen, Clements said: "Obviously we hope that there would be political solutions."
"I have to say that the outlook doesn't look good."
(Reporting by Ahmed Hagagy; Writing by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON For the second time since 2013, the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Thursday sued Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN.N) over accusations of widespread misconduct in how it serviced borrowers' loans, from foreclosure abuses to a basic failure to send accurate monthly statements.
News of the CFPB accusations plus related legal actions against Ocwen filed by at least 20 states sent shares of Ocwen crashing by nearly 60 percent in just over an hour, starting after a cease and desist order filed by North Carolina.
CFPB officials said that mortgage servicer Ocwen and its subsidiaries have failed to clean up their act, even after the CFPB ordered Ocwen in December 2013 to fork over $2 billion in relief to harmed borrowers because of similar violations.
"The consumer bureau has uncovered substantial evidence that Ocwen engaged in unfair and deceptive practices," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said, adding that thousands of customers were harmed.
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi on Thursday filed a parallel lawsuit against Ocwen, and at least 20 other state regulators, including North Carolina, issued regulatory orders or charges against Ocwen subsidiaries to address violations of state and federal laws.
In a statement, West Palm Beach, Florida-based Ocwen vowed to defend itself against the CFPB's "unfounded claims," saying it had cooperated fully with the bureau's inquiries and that the regulator was overreaching.
“Ocwen strongly disputes the CFPB's claim that Ocwen's mortgage loan servicing practices have caused substantial consumer harm," the company said.
Ocwen is one of the country's largest nonbank mortgage servicers, servicing almost 1.4 million loans.
It added that many of the issues were addressed in its 2013 settlement with the CFPB and that the allegations in the new complaint represent "only a small percentage of Ocwen's 1.3 million customers."
Ocwen shares closed down 53.9 percent, their largest daily percentage decline ever. Trading volume reached a record 65 million shares.
The bureau said some of Ocwen's alleged violations included illegally foreclosing on homeowners, failing to credit borrowers' payments, botching escrow accounts, servicing loans using error-riddled information, and deceptively signing up and charging borrowers for add-on products.
Many of the errors, the CFPB says, came about through Ocwen's flawed proprietary servicing system known as REALServicing, which the company's servicing head once referred to as a "train wreck."
In one case, a borrower with a mortgage modification started having their payments rejected. They later learned the system was off by a few cents in how it calculated their new modified monthly payment, misapplied their payments to the prior month, and caused them to receive delinquency notices.
"It is very embarrassing to come home and see a notice on my door of an impending foreclosure especially when I have made and continue to make my monthly mortgage payments," it quotes the borrower as saying.
The actions against Ocwen weighed on shares of two other mortgage servicing companies, Altisource Portfolio Solutions SA (ASPS.O) and New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ.N), which finished down 42.0 percent and 7.7 percent, respectively.
Altisource had been part of Ocwen's internal technology company until it was spun off in 2009. It still owns and maintains the REALServicing platform, and Ocwen contracts with Altisource for technology services.
In November of last year, Altisource received word that the CFPB might take enforcement action in connection with the technology services provided to Ocwen, according to the company's annual report.
William Erbey, an Ocwen founder, had chaired the boards of both Ocwen and Altisource until they were forced to step down at the end of 2014 as part of a $150 million settlement with New York's financial regulator related to improper mortgage servicing practices.
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch and Washington Newsroom; Additional reporting by Lance Tupper in New York; Editing by Richard Chang and Leslie Adler)
with Stephanie Thomson
Stephanie is a Saskatchewan adult contemporary pop country vocalist with three albums to their credit — the latest being 2012's Fly Away. They also tour with Bjorn Again, the world's only endorsed Abba tribute band , singing and dancing as Agnetha. /Gregory Beatty
“Love So Soft”
Kelly Clarkson
Meaning Of Life (2017)
I'm singing this groovy tune at my show. My roots are in gospel R&B and pop/country, and Kelly is the most comparable go-to singer for my vocal abilities. I love the lyrics, and the tune just puts me in the mood to groove.
“Perfect”
Pink
Greatest Hits… So Far!!! (2010)
I'm also singing this tune (the clean version) at my show. I love their vocals, and the lyric “Change the voices in your head”. Feed the mind with positive thoughts and you will win, or at least be happy trying, 'cause you're PERFECT. Power anthem for all to believe in themselves.
“Grenade”
Bruno Mars
Doo-Wops & Hooligans (2010)
Bruno Mars is my ultimate favourite male artist. This song is haunting, with mesmerizing lyrics and impeccable vocals. It's sexy too, and I wouldn't kick them out of bed for eating crackers (LOL).
“Beautiful Trauma”
Pink
Beautiful Trauma (2017)
I love raw, pure, honest relationship songs. Pink is my all-time favourite female vocalist. They sing flawlessly, and writes from their heart without caring about the haters. I admire their ability to be a mom of two and still be a sexy rock goddess.
“Brave”
Sara Bareilles
The Blessed Unrest (2013)
A feel-good power anthem. If I'm in a down mood, I just put on my “Brave”. When I was in New York doing a show with Bjorn Again, Sara was on a Broadway billboard. I admire their ability to be a diverse performer and songwriter who advocates for “different” people everywhere.
“I Knew I Loved You”
Savage Garden
Affirmation (1999)
I walked down the aisle to this tune in 2004 to marry my amazing husband. Best day of my life!
"I'm disappointed for farmers and it's hard to see how they can be profitable or viable into the future,” Bundaberg Canegrowers chairperson Allan Dingle said.
"I'm disappointed for farmers and it's hard to see how they can be profitable or viable into the future,” Bundaberg Canegrowers chairperson Allan Dingle said. Eliza Goetze
BUNDABERG Canegrowers chairperson Allan Dingle has labelled proposed changes to vegetation laws as a "another nail in the coffin” for agriculture.
The comments came as the parliamentary committee charged with reviewing the amended bill recommended it be passed, effectively agreeing that limits on clearing of native vegetation for high-value agriculture projects and tougher vegetation management restrictions be put in place.
But Mr Dingle said it would destroy livelihoods.
"I'm disappointed for farmers and it's hard to see how they can be profitable or viable into the future,” they said.
AgForce general president Grant Maudsley shared those sentiments, saying the recommendation was an "absolute disgrace” and "slap in the face” for farming families who took the time to have their say and travelled vast distances to give evidence.
"These laws are the worst of both worlds. The changes will make it harder for farmers to grow food and fibre, shut down agricultural development opportunities and lead to worse not better environmental outcomes,” they said.
And the LNP has backed landholders, vowing to continue to fight the laws and stand up for farmers and property rights.
The tree and land clearing law changes were proposed by Labor off the back of data from the Climate Council that showed Queensland accounted for up to 65% of the total loss of native forests in Australia over the last four decades.
Its latest report Climate Change and Land Clearing: Risks and Opportunities in the Sunshine State, showed more than one million hectares of woody vegetation, an area more than seven times larger than the size of Brisbane, had been cleared between 2012-13 and 2015-16.
Climate councillor and international climate scientist Professor Will Steffen said the report demonstrated the significant role that land clearing regulation played in tackling climate change, with weak laws leading to extensive clearing and large amounts of greenhouse gas pollution.
"Queensland's land use sector alone was responsible for 19 million tonnes of greenhouse gas pollution in 2015.”
CARACAS (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of possible military action in Venezuela could be a political lifeline for the country's unpopular leader, who has long used the threat of U.S. aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
President Nicolas Maduro has continued the free-spending socialist "revolution" started by their predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, almost 20 years ago. Key to the populist rhetoric used by both is a constant drumbeat of warnings that the U.S. "empire" is planning an invasion to steal Venezuela's oil.
That threat was laughed off by the opposition and until Friday night, when Trump said a military option was not out of the question for dealing with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition and deepening social crisis.
"He's doing Maduro a favour by reinforcing the nationalist position that the Gringos want to come and attack Venezuela. This has always been part of Maduro's rhetoric, and Chavez before him. And it has served them both well," said lawyer Luis Alberto Rodriguez while sitting at a cafe, smoking a Cuban cigar, in one of Caracas' wealthier neighbourhoods.
"It's not going to have any impact other than the government using it to further unify its people and attack the opposition," the 44-year-old added.
Maduro loyalists, who regularly insult opposition leaders as Washington's lackeys, wasted no time in pouncing.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Maduro's son, also named Nicolas, at the country's new constituent assembly, which was elected last month to rewrite the constitution.
The opposition fears the assembly will remove any checks that remain on the president's powers, and critics globally have condemned it as an affront to democracy.
"If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles would arrive in New York, Mr. Trump," the younger Maduro said. "We would take the White House."
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to reporters at their golf estate in Bedminster, New Jersey U.S. August 10, 2017. Jonathan Ernst
'NO GREATER GIFT'
Marches against Maduro were held in Caracas on Saturday, with few confrontations with state security forces and no deaths. More than 120 have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
The opposition's Democratic Unity coalition on Sunday issued a statement rejecting foreign threats to the country, without specifically identifying Trump or the United States.
Slideshow (3 Images)
"The Democratic Unity coalition rejects the use of force, or the threat of its use, by any country (against) Venezuela," said the statement published on the group's Twitter account.
The coalition added: "Venezuela has for years been militarily and politically intervened by Cuba," echoing opposition criticism that Maduro has allowed foreign allies to colonize Venezuela even has they decry U.S. imperialism.
The opposition, which controls a congress that has been neutered by Maduro's loyalist Supreme Court, boycotted last month's election of the new legislative superbody.
Opposition leaders called instead for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as their popularity gets pummelled by the country's economic woes.
"Maduro could not have asked for a greater gift from Trump," said David Smilde, senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America, a human rights think tank. "He provided substance for Maduro's heretofore implausible conspiracy theories."
Smilde said Trump's threat of military force put the Venezuelan opposition "on its heels" after a group of Latin American governments joined last week in reprimanding Maduro for sponsoring the July 30 election of the constituent assembly.
"It has threatened to deflate the emerging regional consensus regarding Venezuela," Smilde said. "Today the countries that on Tuesday signed on to a strong statement criticizing Maduro's authoritarian direction are spending their time criticizing Trump's statements."
British foreign secretary Boris Johnson has denounced Moscow's denials of involvement in the nerve weapon attack on a former Russian double agent as “increasingly absurd”.
Mr Johnson's remarks came as they received further support from the European Union and Nato on Monday over the attack.
The secretary of state for foreign affairs discussed the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia at a session of EU foreign ministers, which they addressed. Mr Johnson also discussed the incident in a meeting with Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg after statements of solidarity last week by a host of Western governments.
“Our Nato allies have shown such undivided support,” said Mr Johnson after meeting Mr Stoltenberg.
All 28 EU foreign ministers issued a joint statement on the attack, expressing “unqualified solidarity”.
“The European Union takes extremely seriously the UK government's assessment that it is highly likely that the Russian Federation is responsible,” the statement noted.
Russia, including president Vladimir Putin, denies any involvement.
Mr Johnson said they saw a “classic Russian strategy” as they arrived for the EU meeting, a day after Putin was re-elected for another six-year term as president.
“They're not fooling anybody anymore,” said Mr Johnson. “There is scarcely a country around the table here in Brussels that has not been affected in recent years by some kind of malign or disruptive Russian behaviour.”
Mr Stoltenberg echoed that position: “Russia will continue to seek to divide us.”
Swedish foreign minister Margot Wallstrom, meanwhile, accused the Russian foreign ministry of deliberately sowing confusion by suggesting the nerve agent used in the attack on the Skripals might have come from Sweden.
“This is just ridiculous and totally unfounded,” said Ms Wallstrom. “I think they are trying to divert the real issues here.”
Moscow on Saturday announced the expulsion of 23 British diplomats in a response to Britain's decision last week to expel the same number of Russian diplomats from London.
On Sunday, Mr Johnson accused Russia of stockpiling the deadly Soviet-era nerve agent Novichok used to poison the Skripals, a charge Moscow denies.
The couple were found unconscious on a bench in the English city of Salisbury on March 4th and remain in a critical condition in hospital.
Asked what support Britain had requested from the EU and Nato to counter Russia, Mr Johnson replied that they were seeking to intensify work on a range of strategies. These include defences against Russian attacks on computer networks, challenging disinformation campaigns and acting against criminal financial networks.
“There are things we can and must do together,” said Mr Johnson, adding that Britain was “going after the money that has been illicitly or corruptly obtained”, without giving details.
While there was no immediate prospect of further sanctions on Russia, British prime minister Theresa May will have an opportunity to present their case for any such measures at an EU summit on Thursday, or call for others to expel diplomats.
“We need to put pressure on Russia to take part in a real enquiry about the attack,” said Belgian foreign minister Didier Reynders . – Reuters
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
NEW YORK (AP) — New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
Advertisement
"All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients," said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. "The best test is the test that gets done."
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia, of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
"It's hard enough to get people to do it at all," Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
"We should be able to do both," said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
If Shivam Nair's "Naam Shabana" is to be believed, India's top intelligence agency is more diligent about its recruitment process than it is about actually catching enemies of the state. Shabana (Taapsee Pannu) is tracked by "The Agency" from the time they are a teenager with a murky past and eventually recruited as a spy.
Them recruiter (Manoj Bajpayee), whose name we never hear, spends all their time in a windowless office tracking all of South Mumbai through CCTV. They apparently choose Shabana because they talk about killing people with relish.
Meant as a prequel to Neeraj Pandey's crisp 2015 spy thriller "Baby", "Naam Shabana" is the backstory of one of the characters in that film, but Nair doesn't inherit Pandey's penchant for surprises and twists. They spend too much time establishing Shabana's background, their love story, and the recruiting process and training. By the time they actually start taking down the bad guys, almost all of the film's 148-minute run time is over.
It's not just the appearance that is a problem, the ideology has cracks too. Shabana says they don't believe in the law, but still fights for a state agency. Them boss doesn't believe in rules and would rather have their colleagues function like vigilantes, but forgets that vigilantes hardly work for the government.
The action scenes involve Pannu engaged in hand-to-hand combat in several well-executed sequences, but Nair would rather hide the lack of cleverness in the script with drama (lots of glass doors breaking, bullets being fired) and loud background music. Even their villain (Prithviraj Sukumaran), a dreaded arms dealer who is being hunted by many governments, is foolish enough to check into a huge hospital with an entourage of gun-toting bodyguards in full public view.
The idea of a female spy who is out to kill evil men is not a bad one and almost unprecedented in Bollywood, and Pannu's one stand-out scene in 2015's "Baby" set them up nicely for the role. But on watching "Naam Shabana", you realise that not all stories need two hours of run time. Sometimes, a well-executed five-minute scene is more than enough.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 28 Clairvest Group Inc
* Clairvest adds to gaming portfolio with a new investment in head infotech
* Co with limited partnerships controlled by it, made a us$73.7 million investment in head infotech india pvt. Ltd
* Clairvest's portion of investment will be approximately us$40 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Posted on June 23, 2013 | 8:24 a.m.
Source: Salvador Güereña for the Garcia Family |
Edwin Garcia was only 15, a young man whose life abruptly ended Friday night by an encounter with a moving train behind Old Town Goleta. Edwin left behind loved ones that included their mom and dad, Bernarda Castro and Jose Garcia, as well as relatives and friends who cared for them very much.
This is a backstory to a young man who was looking forward to a promising future. Edwin had just completed their first-year student year at Dos Pueblos High School. Like many Latino youths in our community, they struggled in high school, but they also enjoyed art and loved to draw. They drew for their friends and family, including most recently, a delicate rose for their childhood sweetheart, Vivian. They said they were as beautiful as a rose and it reminded them of them
Edwin and Vivian had been a pair ever since their days at Ellwood School, where they had been a high-achieving student. They told Vivian that high school was hard for them but because they had them in their life they said they would try to do better.
Edwin also was a dog lover and they had formed a strong bond with their pit bull, Rico, whom they had raised from a puppy. They were inseparable. Edwin's parents at first were concerned over the breed but Edwin's deep affection for Rico won them over and Rico became friendly and playful with everyone. Rico is up for adoption to any loving family who is able to give them the same care and attention that Edwin was so willing to give him.
Young Edwin also had dreams. They liked to fix things and they aspired to become a car mechanic someday, to marry Vivian, and to raise children of their own. On their walks together they would talk about their future.
Edwin was always concerned about their family and was looking to find a summer job to help out at home. Those who knew Edwin well quickly pointed out their respectful and kind nature and their sense of humor. They had a funny bone, sported a beautiful smile, and they enjoyed making people laugh, especially if they were mad. Their parents say they were very loyal to their friends and if they needed them for anything, they would be right there to help.
Edwin's family lacks the means to provide them a funeral and burial. In response, friends have established the Edwin Garcia Memorial Fund with a local bank to receive donations. Their family is grateful for donations of any size that will be used to pay for these expenses. To make a donation to this fund, contact Linda Güereña at 805.450.9343.
[Update]
After an outpouring of community support, Edwin will be laid to rest Monday, July 1, following a 10 a.m. Mass at Holy Cross Catholic Church, 1740 Cliff Drive in Santa Barbara.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The federal government has unveiled new safety standards for baby sling carriers after 17 deaths and 67 injuries were reported from January 2003 to September 2016.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced any carriers manufactured after Jan. 30 must include statements about suffocation hazards, language about the hazards of children falling out of slings, and a reminder to check hardware to ensure no parts are broken.
The warning labels must come with instructions and illustrated diagrams showing the proper position for a child in a sling.
The mandatory federal standard also requires sling carriers to:
• Be able to carry up to three times the manufacturer's maximum recommended weight,
• Be more durable to avoid seam separations, fabric tears, breakage, etc., and
• Be able to keep the child being carried from falling out of the sling during normal use.
Parents and caregivers reported 159 incidents to the Consumer Product Safety Commission between 2003 and 2016, including 17 deaths and 67 injuries related to falls and suffocation.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired.
(Adds details)
ACCRA, March 31 Ghana raised 3.42 billion cedis ($790 million) from a debut 15-year domestic bond issued on Friday, paying a yield of 19.75 percent, lead arrangers said. The West African oil, gold and cocoa exporter also accepted 1.45 billion cedis worth of bids ($335 mln) for a concurrent 7-year local bond at a yield of 19.75 percent as part of renewed efforts to use longer maturities to rebalance its finances. Ghana is more than halfway through a three-year $918 million aid deal with the International Monetary Fund aimed at helping it tackle its high deficits, widening public debt and high inflation. Friday's bond sales, which were open to foreign investors, were conducted through a book-building arranged by Barclays Bank Ghana, Stanbic Ghana and Accra-based brokerage firm Strategic African Securities. Settlement will be on Monday. The government of President Nana Akufo-Addo, who assumed office in January, plans to issue domestic securities worth 22.25 billion cedis ($5.1 bln) in the second quarter, of which 14 billion cedis will be used to roll over maturing debt. It has earmarked 2.55 billion cedis to finance its budgetary requirements and 5.6 billion to build buffers for liability management, the Finance Ministry said on Friday. ($=4.3300 cedis) (Reporting by Kwasi Kpodo; Editing by Joe Bavier and Hugh Lawson)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
FILE PHOTO: An El Al Airlines aircraft is seen at Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv, Israel July 14, 2015. REUTERS/Nir Elias/File Photo
JERUSALEM Flag carrier El Al Israel Airlines (ELAL.TA) said on Wednesday it will launch nonstop flights between Tel Aviv and Miami in November, its fifth city in North America.
El Al will operate three weekly flights to Miami with Boeing 777-200 aircraft, it said.
"This decision is part ... of the strategy in which we recognized the importance of the trans-Atlantic routes and our desire on expanding El Al's presence in North America," said David Maimon, El Al's chief executive.
El Al already flies nonstop to North American cities New York, Los Angeles, Boston and Toronto.
Looking to bolster its aging long-haul fleet of Boeing 767s, 747s and 777s, El Al is spending $1.25 billion on 15 new Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft, which will start to be delivered to the company later this year.
(Reporting by Steven Scheer)
UNITED NATIONS The United Nations Security Council on Thursday condemned North Korea's latest missile test and demanded Pyongyang not conduct any more nuclear tests in a statement that was delayed as the United States and Russia sparred over its language.
A North Korean missile blew up almost immediately on its test launch on Sunday, the U.S. military said.
The 15-member Security Council traditionally condemns all launches by Pyongyang. Such statements are agreed by consensus. It is rare for council members to wrangle over standard language and the dispute came amid U.S. and Russian tensions over Moscow's support for President Bashar al-Assad in Syria's civil war.
Previous statements "welcomed efforts by council members, as well as other states, to facilitate a peaceful and comprehensive solution through dialogue". The latest U.S.-drafted statement dropped "through dialogue" and Russia requested it be included.
"When we requested to restore the agreed language that was of political importance and expressed commitment to continue to work on the draft ... the U.S. delegation without providing any explanations cancelled the work on the draft," the Russian U.N. mission said in a statement on Wednesday.
The United States told council members it cut the words because they "would overly narrow the means by which the international community could arrive at a peaceful and comprehensive solution to the North Korean nuclear problem," according to diplomats.
Diplomats said Pyongyang ally China had agreed to the statement.
The condemnation eventually agreed by the council included the words "through dialogue" and said the council was prepared to consider further sanctions.
North Korea has been under U.N. sanctions aimed at impeding the development of its nuclear and missile programs since 2006. The 15-member council has strengthened sanctions following each of North Korea's five nuclear tests.
Tensions have risen after U.S. President Donald Trump took a hard rhetorical line with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who has rebuffed admonitions from China and proceeded with nuclear and missile programs seen by Washington as a direct threat.
The Trump administration is focusing its North Korea strategy on tougher sanctions, possibly including an oil embargo, a global ban on its airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, Reuters reported last week, citing U.S. officials.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will chair a United Nations Security Council meeting on North Korea on April 28 to discuss how the body can combat Pyongyang's banned nuclear and missile programs.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Andrew Hay)
March 30 Tidewater Midstream And Infrastructure Ltd
* Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure Ltd. announces year end 2016 results, ten-year processing agreement and reserve dedication at the Brazeau river complex, strategic acquisitions, operational update and increase to credit facility
* Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure Ltd - in March 2017, Tidewater increased availability under its credit facility from $120 million to $180 million
* Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure Ltd - to acquire 40 percent working interest in 30 mmcf/d sour, shallow-cut gas processing facility for $10 million
* Tidewater Midstream and Infrastructure - also transferring predator about 2,500 net acres of undeveloped lands previously acquired in October 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A woman looks at two examples of the new Microsoft Surface Studio computer at an event in the Manhattan borough of New York City, U.S.,October 26, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Microsoft Corp's lineup of Surface tablets, laptops and desktop computers has always been a paradox.
The software company's surprise foray into hardware became a billion-dollar-plus business and even managed to outclass longtime rival Apple Inc with its Surface Studio desktop machine last fall, according to some tech critics.
At the same time, the Surface range competes with Microsoft's longstanding PC maker partners, such as Dell Technologies, Lenovo Group Ltd and HP Inc, which pay billions of dollars to license Windows, Microsoft's traditional cash cow.
Those two facets came into sharp relief in the latest quarter, when Surface sales suffered while Microsoft's own Windows licensing customers prospered.
Surface revenue declined 26 percent to $831 million, its lowest tally in a year. Meanwhile, the overall PC industry staged a slight comeback, notching a 0.6 percent gain in shipments for the first time in years, according to IDC. That helped drive Microsoft's Windows licensing revenue up 5 percent this quarter.
Effectively, Microsoft lost in Surface sales, but it gained in Windows licensing.
It has always been part of Microsoft's Surface strategy to release flagship models that goad the rest of the PC industry to improve its products, said Microsoft investor relations director Zack Moxcey.
They said competition from PC makers selling lower-priced hardware, along with some Surface hardware nearing time for an upgrade, led to the lower Surface sales.
"It's definitely about driving the health and performance of the broader windows ecosystem," Moxcey said.
Buried in the supplemental information Microsoft provides investors, there was further silver lining. The company said sales of Windows licenses destined for consumer PCs was down 1 percent, but revenue for more lucrative Windows licenses for business and educational computers was up 10 percent.
Moxcey said this was attributable to sales of higher-priced machines, especially for businesses. "That carries a higher revenue-per-license for us," they said.
The data fits with Dell's latest results, as the PC maker's sales of computers to businesses rose 11.6 percent year over year to $6.6 billion in its last quarter, versus 8.5 percent growth for consumer PCs.
Rebounding sales of Windows PCs to schools and businesses is a boon for Microsoft, which is staking its comeback on business and productivity software.
And higher Windows revenue per license means that the Surface strategy - to pull the PC industry back upmarket with expensive flagship machines after a years-long race to the bottom on prices - might be getting some traction.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Bill Rigby)
April 5 Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Group Co Ltd :
* Co and Jin Jiang Capital (as transferors) and Wehotel (as transferee) entered into asset and equity transaction contract
* Co and Jin Jiang Capital to transfer 100% equity interests in hubs1 held by them to wehotel for consideration of RMB553.1 million
* Equity transaction contract in respect of transfer of 100% equity interests in hubs1
* Co expects to recognise a gain of approximately RMB55.3 million from transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Darryl Evans, a name you may be familiar with as the head of Mangere Budgeting Services Trusts, has taken exception to yesterday's editorial on those who earn over $100,000 and yet claim to not be able to make ends meet.
Upon hearing my piece they hit the keyboard and banged out an appropriately affronted piece for the New Zealand Herald.
And in it they put on show the exact issue and attitude I was trying to point out yesterday.
It's worth looking up by the way, give it a read because all views are valuable, even if sadly but predictably Darryl chooses to deliberately and completely miss the point. And this sadly is where debate badly falls over in this country.
Advertisement
Those on the defence refuse to deal in fact or the specifics. What they do is take umbrage and re-deliver, in Darryl's case, their often-peddled lines.
And those lines are that, for some, times are tough. For some they can't make ends meet, for some a service of genuine help and sympathy is needed. None of which is what I was talking about.
To hammer home their point Darryl cites the plight of someone called Joanna. They have two kids and earns $550 a week and pays rent of $530. They don't of course say what the government top up to their income is, because that would not serve their argument well.
But they conclude without any further fact that Joanna struggles to make ends meet. Once again, nothing to do with what we were talking about yesterday.
$550 a week is not $100,000 a year - or anywhere close. Why then is they citing it as an example?
Darryl gives us the oft-repeated stat that 40 per cent of kids is in hardship. Once again not defined. What is hardship and how is it measured?
Anyway, 40 per cent of kids in hardship have one working parent. Once again, nothing to do with earning $100,000 a year.
They cite what they earn in Canada and Australia, as though that has anything to do with earning six figures here.
Yes, we are a low-wage country. But that, once again wasn't the point.
You're not on low wages if you earn $100,000 plus. So around and around the facts they skip, peddling their message of woe, misery and deprivation.
This, of course as we pointed out yesterday, is real for the truly low paid or those on welfare.
Where Darryl, if you're going to busy yourself with op-ed pieces, is your view of a six-figure salary?
What do you think of the person on 120 grand a year pleading poverty, when you deal with people on less than half of that with a real cause and a real case?
Why bag me? Apart from the fact it's easy, and yet fail to deal for one single sentence with what I was actually talking about: people on $100,000 plus failing to make ends meet.
Could it just possibly be that I have a point? Could it just possibly be that on that sort of money, my advice that you need a calculator, not more pity, is in fact accurate?
Could it be that Darryl can't possibly admit that we might just be a little too far down the pity party path?
And if were really seeing high-income earners as sob stories then we've lost touch with reality.
March 31 Rib Software Ag
* For 2017 rib group expects, assuming otherwise stable framework conditions in market, revenues between eur 98 million and eur 108 million and an ebitda between eur 28 million and eur 38 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Frankfurt Newsroom)
March 29 Orvana Minerals Corp-
* Orvana Minerals - sees Cil circuit to deliver substantially higher average gold recoveries of about 80% compared to recent average gold recoveries of about 55%
* Orvana Minerals - forecast increase in gold ounces produced is expected to positively impact unitary cash costs, provide free cash flow in H2 of fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dinesh Karthik is no Hrishikesh Kanitkar or Joginder Sharma but the Indian batsman is not complaining about the “memories of a lifetime” that their last-ball six against Bangladesh created.
Kanitkar's boundary against Pakistan under fading Bangabandhu Stadium lights in Dhaka or Joginder Sharma's final over act against the arch-rivals in the inaugural World Cup at the Wanderers were one-off acts that made them household names.
Karthik, during their sporadic India appearances in the last 13 and half years, has certainly done more than Kanitkar or Joginder but perhaps never had that “me too” moment that every cricketer craves for.
“It's an amazing feeling. These are things which remain in your memory for a lifetime,” an ecstatic Karthik told bcci.tv after the end of the Nidahas Trophy final on Sunday night.
Karthik did a Javed Miandad with a last-ball six as India pulled off an incredible chase beating Bangladesh by four wickets.
Needing five off the final delivery, Karthik smashed Soumya Sarkar over extra-cover to secuire what would certainly be one of India's most famous last ball sixes.
“It's been a great journey for the past one year and I am very happy to be a part of this. We have put in a lot of hard work and it's good to have won the tournament at the end of it all. I want to thank the support staff for the effort they have put in,” the 32-year-old said.
India's ‘man of the moment' tried to position themselves in the crease pre-empting what Rubel Hossain and Soumya Sarkar would bowl during the final two overs of their Nidahas Trophy triumph.
“At that stage, all I was trying to do was hit a boundary every ball. I was positioning myself on the crease according to what they would bowl. It kind of paid off,” the affable Tamil Nadu cricketer was trying to be modest.
Karthik expressed their surprise at the number of Sri Lankan supporters, who had turned up to support India.
“We didn't expect so many people to come for India vs Bangladesh final as there weren't too many people during our league phase game. I was really happy with the support and it really helped while batting,” Karthik signed off.
A frustrated mother has accused their pal of being "stingy" after discovering they would only be serving up buffet-style snacks at their wedding.
The agitated wedding guest turned to the British parenting forum Mumsnet to ask for advice, explained that they were appalled at the lack of a sit down meal and no evening buffet for the 70 extra guests joining the party.
Kicking off the lively thread, they wrote: "The wedding breakfast which was billed as an afternoon tea has turned about to be a buffet at the side of sandwiches, scones and cake.
"I don't know whether the tables will be called up one by one to get their food or if there'll be 100+ people queuing at the same time.
Advertisement
"Am I being unreasonable to think this is a weird arrangement and guests will be starving?"
Many agreed it was a strange set-up, branded the couple "stingy" and advised them to take "emergency rations".
"It's ridiculous to expect people to survive all day and evening on a scone and a bit of cake," one user wrote.
Another suggested they subsidise the gift to pay for their meal, adding: "Pop off for an hour for dinner, and spend less on a gift."
And one person slammed the engaged couple for sacrificing the comfort of guests in return for numbers.
"If you can't afford to feed your guests properly (day and evening) then you should either invite fewer so you can, or make the wedding no gifts but bring a dish. This sounds seriously stingy," they wrote.
But others defended the couple, with one person arguing: "At my brother-in-law's wedding a few of us went out for fish and chips before the evening bash. Sorted the hunger and gave us a feeling of camaraderie."
The user, known only as 'Balloon65', took to Mumsnet to ask for advice from other parents, querying whether they were being unreasonable. Photo / Mumsnet
Chief Minister, Trilochan Bhatta of Province 7 and, German Ambassador Roland Schäfer jointly launched the RERA Programme in Dhangadi, Province 7. Renewable Energy for Rural Areas (RERA) is a joint technical support programme by the Government of Nepal (GoN) and the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ). RERA is jointly implemented by AEPC and Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH. BMZ contributes EUR 5 million for the period of 3 years (October 2016-September 2019) to RERA.
According to press release issued by German Embassy in Kathmandu, the over-arching vision for RERA is ‘to ensure efficient and effective service delivery of small-scale renewable energy through improved outreach and enhanced local cooperation in federal Nepal'. The RERA programme is supporting federalization in the Renewable Energy (RE) sector and works with federal, provincial and local governments, as well as with the civil society, private and banking sector for improving the energy situation in Nepal. Amongst other measures, RERA supports AEPC in the setting up of two Project Implementation Units (PIU), which are joint offices by AEPC and GIZ, in Province 1 and 7. Through these offices, RERA is able to reach out to provincial and local governments in Province 1 and 7 to deliver the following support:
To Governments of Province 1 and 7: set-up an energy section under the Ministerial Structure and to provide energy-related government-services to municipalities and citizens
To municipalities: Capacity and organizational development to enable them to promote and implement renewable energy
To AEPC: to adapt to the new federalized structure, and transform from an institution that implements RE directly to an institution that supports provincial and municipal governments
Beside these, the RERA programme works on crosscutting issues of Gender Equality and Social Inclusion (GESI) and access to finance by mainstreaming of inclusive approaches into RE planning, implementation and monitoring, as well as supporting financial institutions in making funds available for businesses and end-users to purchase and market energy products and services.
These are the expected outcomes of RERA for the benefit of Nepal:
* Pause in geopolitical tensions takes gold off peaks * Mood remains skittish, giving gold further upside * SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Recasts, updates prices, adds graphic) By Maytaal Angel April 12 Gold steadied on Wednesday after hitting a five-month peak as a respite in disquieting political news took the edge off investors' appetite for safe havens even as the mood remained edgy. Tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global growth, tensions continued to boil in the Korean peninsula and the Middle East, while the upcoming French presidential election also worried investors. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,273.51 per ounce by 1016 GMT. It hit its strongest since Nov. 10 at $1,279.80, extending the previous session's near 2 percent gains. U.S. gold futures rose 0.1 percent to $1,275.60. "The short term geopolitical impact will likely fade but (gold) was oversold on expectations of rate hikes and the reality of muted rate hikes sets up the potential for (further) upside," said Hamza Khan, head of commodities strategy at ING. Gold tends to gain when rate hike expectations recede because lower rates reduce the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. The dollar was flat versus a currency basket after falling on Tuesday, though a general risk-off mood prevailed. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump. On Tuesday North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific. Meanwhile, the United States accused Russia on Tuesday of trying to shield Syria's leader from blame for a deadly poison gas attack last week. In France's presidential race, centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen have clung on as frontrunners, but a far-left veteran has now surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme run-off scenarios. Gold could resume its rise ahead of the Easter long-weekend, Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said. "Gold has finally broken and closed above its 200-day moving average at $1,257.50, which now becomes a support. From a technical perspective, the way is now clear for a run at $1,300 and possibly higher," Halley said. "The safe-haven effect is clearly in play once again ahead of the Easter holiday with volumes in both spot and options well above average," they said. Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund (ETF), rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Spot silver dipped 0.1 percent to $18.30 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.7 percent to $960.50 per ounce after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 0.9 percent to $794.03. (Additioanl reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; editing by Susan Thomas)
FILE PHOTO: President Jacob Zuma waits to deliver their State of the Nation Address to Parliament in Cape Town, South Africa February 9, 2017. REUTERS/Sumaya Hisham/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG South Africa's new cabinet ministers were sworn in on Friday, following a reshuffle that replaced Pravin Gordhan as finance minister with Malusi Gigaba along with various other ministers and their deputies.
Zuma's sacking of their finance minister shook South African markets on Friday, and triggered dissent in the African National Congress that has governed since the end of apartheid in 1994.
(Reporting by Tiisetso Motsoeneng; Editing by James Macharia)
A 2005 graduate of Santa Ynez High, they were among 19 members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots killed battling an Arizona wildfire
Sean Misner, a Santa Ynez Valley native who recently landed their dream job – following generations of family members into the fire service—was among the 19 firefighters killed over the weekend while battling an Arizona wildfire.
Misner, a 2005 graduate of Santa Ynez Valley Union High School, was a member of the Granite Mountain Hotshots of Prescott Valley, Ariz.
They died Sunday while fighting the Yarnell Hill fire, which had burned 8,400 acres as of late Monday night.
Santa Ynez Valley Union High School District board chairperson Bruce Porter confirmed Misner's death Monday morning, and told Noozhawk this is a “difficult time” for the school and valley community.
Misner, 26, a Prescott Valley resident, was hired on to the hotshot crew in April, choosing the same gutsy line of work as their great grandfather, grandfather, uncles and cousin.
They had been deployed to combat the Yarnell Hill fire with the Granite Mountain Hotshots, a group of elite fire crew created in 2002 to respond to the most demanding of fireline tasks during extreme environmental conditions.
The city of Prescott posted a notice on its web page that all 19 victims were members of the hotshots crew.
The tragedy is being called the deadliest day for firefighters since 9/11, and the deadliest in a wildfire since 1933.
Misner's parents, Ron and Tammy, recently moved from Los Olivos to Solvang, according to Santa Ynez school district staff.
Ron Misner has been a coach at the high school—where their son had participated in varsity football and track—for more than 20 years, most recently for the cross-country and track teams, said Mark Swanitz, principal of the high school.
Misner's mother, Tammy, who is director of health services at Dunn School in Los Olivos, said their son loved football and dreamed of becoming a professional football player before deciding to follow their family members into the fire service instead.
They went through the fire academy in Prescott Valley in April 2011, and passed with flying colors.
“He was strong, confident and enthusiastic about everything they did,” the proud mother said. “He was a devoted husband, father to be, son and friend. They will be missed more than words can say!  They are and always be my ‘Bud'.”
Misner is survived by their wife, Amanda Misner, who is pregnant with the couple's first child.
School staff shared similar fond memories of Misner, who had been a member of the high school's sports medicine program that taught youth how to administer minor first aid.
“He was the kind of kid out assisting others, even back then,” said Swanitz, who relayed thoughts from teachers and other staff of the close-knit school community.
“He was an all-around nice guy, more than willing to pitch in and help if anybody needed help. They were just everywhere doing everything.”
Misner is the nephew of Montecito Fire Protection District Operations Chief Terry McElwee and the grandson of the late former Fire Chief Herb McElwee, according to a fire district spokesperson.
The Montecito Fire Protection District has established a local fund to help support the families of the firefighting victims.
A Sean Misner Memorial page has been set up on Facebook, which includes information about contributing to a memorial fund.
Santa Ynez school board members have expressed interest in establishing some type of memorial for Misner, Swanitz said, but the details of that have not been determined.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
BRIEF-Richard Abbe reports 5.8 pct passive stake in CHF Solutions
* Richard Abbe reports 5.8 percent passive stake in CHF Solutions Inc as of june 6 - sec filing Source text - http://bit.ly/2sbOs0d Further company coverage:
NHL Daily: New York Rangers defenseman Brady Skjei deserves more trust from coach Alain Vigneault, Auston Matthews on track for a historic rookie season after another impressive seven-day stretch topped off with an OT winner on Sunday, and more! (Daily NHL Headlines)
We normally like to release our NHL daily links in the morning, so apologies for the lateness folks. Still, there's no shortage of stories to talk about, so let's get right into it.
The NHL held its Centennial Classic between Toronto and Detroit on Sunday. It was a fairly uneventful game until the floodgates broke open in the third period for a total of seven goals. Both teams were tied at four heading into extra time before Auston Matthews found the back of the net to give Toronto a 5-4 victory.
Another outdoor game is being played as we speak between Chicago and St. Louis. The Winter Classic is a special treat for Blues fans who have long been looking to host the event.
Here is your highlight of the night:
[embedded content]
NHL Daily: Morning Coffee Headlines
Matthews Chasing History
As the Toronto Star puts it, Leafs rookie Auston Matthews is on pace for a historic rookie season. He's already entering uncharted territories in numerous categories, although if they keep up the 300-shot pace, it would make them just the 5th rookie to do so. [Toronto Star]
Skjei Needs to be Trusted More
Alexandra Russo over at Blue Line Station takes a look at Rangers rookie defenseman Brady Skjei. They believe that while their defensive game is still developing, that they have proven themselves and deserves more trust (ice-time) from coach Alain Vigneault. [Blue Line Station]
Teams Looking to Improve in 2017
Lyle Richardson over at Bleacher Report takes a look at the NHL teams they believe are most likely to turn things around in 2017. The list includes several clubs, including Carolina, Winnipeg, and Florida (among others). [Bleacher Report]
Blackhawks Roundtable
The team over at Blackhawk Upheld a recent group roundtable to discuss a couple of topics. They're looking at which teams are the biggest threat/danger in the West, and evaluating team starters. It's a worthwhile read for Hawks fans. [Blackhawk Up]
Kraft Hockeyville USA
Kraft Hockeyville USA is back. The long-lasting tradition that has taken place for well over a decade in Canada is starting to gain interest south of the border. If your small city or town is passionate about hockey, you can be the next ones to host an NHL preseason game and win a cash prize to help upgrade your local arena. [NHL.com]
Isles Getting Secondary Scoring Help
Matt O'Leary over at Eyes on Isles discusses how the New York Islanders are receiving a bit of help in the secondary scoring department of late. They also take a look at numerous things going on around the organization in this daily roundup. [Eyes on Isles]
NHL Daily Rant
As we do from time-to-time, I'd like to shift gears in today's daily rant. Now into a brand-new year (and month), here are five bold predictions for the rest of 2016-17:
1. The Atlantic Division closes the gap on Metropolitan, forcing a Wild-Card team to emerge from both divisions.
2. Colorado remains fairly inactive (trade market) and finishes 30th place with top odds of snagging another elite center in Nolan Patrick – despite having Nathan MacKinnon, Matt Duchene, and Tyson Jost in the mix already.
3. Columbus hits a couple rough stretches and find themselves battling for third place/a Wild-Card spot in the Metropolitan Division.
4. Oilers phenom Connor McDavid catches fire in 2017, tops 100 points, wins the Art Ross Trophy.
5. Minnesota Wild netminder Devan Dubnyk continues their tear in 2016-17, wins Vezina Trophy honors at the NHL Awards.
Make sure to like us on facebook and follow us on Twitter for more NHL daily updates!
More from Puck Prose
This article originally appeared on
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
UK considers customs union deal
Theresa May's Brexit advisers are secretly considering whether Britain could strike an agreement that would restrict the loss of EU trade but would also severely limit the country's ability to strike out on its own
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Former prosecutor explains why Greitens' chose Tuesday to resign
COLUMBIA - Former Cole County prosecutor Bill Tackett spoke with KOMU 8 News about why Gov. Greitens chose Tuesday to resign. Tackett explained how a ruling made by a judge earlier in the day led Greitens to step down. A judge ruled that a nonprofit called A New Missouri, Inc, that promotes Greitens' agenda had to hand over documents. Tackett said information in those documents could expose information the governor does not want made public. "Once the ruling came down on the dark money with A New Missouri, that's when the room got really cold and silent. Because then you're talking about exposing all of those donors and what they might have to say about that connection between that committee and Greitens and suddenly you've got a circuit attorney's office that's willing to play ball," Tackett said. "That was a giant can of worms that got opened up by that ruling." Critics say when politicians are sponsored by a non-profit, it lets powerful donors jump through a legal loophole. The donors can keep their identities and their money hidden. Hence the term, "dark money."
"Instantly that changed the playing field because that's dark money, that's something they don't want to get into because of who gave the money and for what purpose and is it tied to Greitens instead of being independent. So, when that ruling hit it looks like they contacted the circuit attorney's office and said, 'Let's make a plea deal,'" Tacket said.
Tackett said the allegations of improper use of campaign finances by the governor could be tied to a lack of political experience.
"When you look at this historically, when you have people who have not risen up through the political ranks that know the rules, they get a sense of, 'The people sent me here and I'm going to drain the swamp, I'm going to clean out all the hacks.' They tend to operate above the law in their minds because it's a mandate and, 'I'm here for the people,' and they really just haven't been around all of these laws. And, so this does happen to people who don't have any political experience because along with the political experience, and everybody knows the downside, of course, comes an understanding of the law," they said.
According to a new report published by Future Market Insights titled “Paediatric Vaccine Market: Global Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016 – 2026”, in terms of revenue, the global paediatric vaccine market is expected to increase at 14.4% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. The global paediatric vaccine market is expected to reach US$ 27.97 Bn in 2016.
The global Paediatric Vaccine Market is segmented on the basis of indication, technology, in terms of revenue, end user and region.
By indication, pneumococcal segment accounted for higher revenue share in global paediatric vaccines as compared to other product segments. The pneumococcal segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 31.58 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.4% over the forecast period. The growth of pneumococcal segment is attributed to the increasing incidence of infectious diseases.
In terms of revenue, Hib vaccine segment is the second most growing segment and is expected to reach a value of US$ 13.49 Bn by 2026, growing at a CAGR of 13.4%. Hepatitis B and meningococcal segment are expected to show double-digit CAGR growth in the forecast period contributing to the growth of global paediatric vaccine market.
By technology, conjugate segment accounted for highest revenue share in global paediatric vaccine market as compared to live or attenuated segment. The conjugate segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 32.09 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.8% over the forecast period. This is expected to be closely followed by the growth of pneumococcal and meningococcal vaccines in this segment
By end user, institutional health centres account for higher demand for paediatric vaccine as compared to other end user segments such as hospital pharmacies and retail pharmacies. The strong growth in institutional health centres can be attributed to increasing government interventions in immunisation programs in order to improve vaccine coverage. Institutional health centres are expected to register highest CAGR of 13.8% over the forecast period.
By region, North America is dominating the global paediatric vaccine market due to improved healthcare infrastructure in this region. The North America paediatric vaccine market is expected to be valued at US$ 20.15 Bn by 2026 growing at a CAGR for 11.0%. In addition to North America, demand for paediatric vaccines has been significantly growing in Western Europe and APEJ.
Request A Sample of Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1317
Summary of Table of Content:
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Indication
6. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Technology
7. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Vaccine Type
8. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End Users
9. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
10. North America Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Latin America Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Western Europe Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
13. Eastern Europe Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
14. APEJ Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
15. Japan Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
16. MEA Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
17. Competition Landscape
18. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
19. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/pediatric-vaccines-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
BERLIN/FRANKFURT, April 3 Former Volkswagen Chairman Ferdinand Piech has agreed to sell a major part of their stake in the firm that controls Europe's biggest carmaker, paring their ties with Volkswagen after more than two decades of undisputed rule.
Volkswagen's (VW) ruling Porsche and Piech families have agreed to buy part of the 14.7 percent stake Piech holds in Porsche Automobil Holding SE, which in turn owns 52.2 percent of voting shares in VW, exercising their right of first refusal on Porsche SE shares, according to a Porsche SE statement published on Monday.
It did not say exactly how much of the stake the families would buy. (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Maria Sheahan; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
MADRID Three migrants from sub-Saharan Africa were killed when their boat capsized in the Mediterranean but the Spanish navy managed to rescue another 30 people in the group, a coast guard spokesperson said on Wednesday.
The navy went to rescue the migrants after their dinghy sank on Tuesday near the island of Alboran, halfway between Spain's southern coast and its North African enclave of Melilla.
A 10 year-old girl and an older woman died on Tuesday, and police divers found the body of a man, whose age is unknown, near the scene of the sinking on Wednesday morning.
"They are from sub-Saharan Africa, but we do not know which country," the spokesperson said.
Another woman was airlifted to hospital in the southern coastal town of Almeria, where the survivors arrived late on Tuesday.
The coast guard saved another nine migrants, all sub-Saharan African men apparently in good health, from a small boat about 10.5 miles (17 km) from the town of Tarifa on Spain's southernmost tip on Wednesday.
One thousand migrants arrived in Spain from North Africa between Jan. 1 and April 9, and 47 died in the attempt during that time, the International Organization for Migration says.
(Reporting by Isla Binnie and Maria Vega Paul; Editing by Keith Weir)
Former FIFA vice-president Chung Mong-joon will appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) against the South Korean's five-year ban from all football-related activities, according to Yonhap News Agency.
Chung, who served as FIFA vice-president between 1994 and 2011, was found guilty in 2015 of breaching the governing body's code of conduct during South Korea's bid for the 2022 World Cup seven years ago, which was eventually awarded to Qatar.
They will discuss their decision to approach CAS at a news conference in Seoul next Thursday.
FIFA's appeals committee had earlier reduced Chung's initial six-year ban to five, saying there was not enough evidence to prove they had infringed an article of FIFA's ethics code covering confidentiality.
It also halved the fine imposed on them to 50,000 Swiss francs ($49,940).
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. dollar notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
The dollar's share of currency reserves reported to the International Monetary Fund rose in the fourth quarter, snapping three straight quarterly declines, as the absolute level of reserves held in greenbacks hit a record, data released on Friday showed.
The dollar's share of allocated currency reserves, or those reported to the IMF, rose to a record $5.05 trillion in the October-December period, or nearly 64 percent, according to the data. That was up from the third quarter, when the dollar's share hit its lowest in two years at $4.94 trillion, or 63.3 percent.
Meanwhile, China's share of allocated currency reserves, reported by the IMF for the first time, totaled just over 1 percent, or $84.51 billion.
The euro's share fell to 19.7 percent to mark its lowest in a year, from 20.2 percent in the third quarter, while the yen fell to 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter from 4.4 percent in the third quarter. The yen's latest share of currency reserves was the lowest since the first quarter of 2016.
Total foreign exchange reserves worldwide fell to $10.8 trillion from $11.06 trillion in the third quarter, according to the IMF data. The total amount of allocated currency holdings rose to $7.9 trillion from $7.8 trillion previously.
The dollar's value has surged since Donald Trump's victory in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, which led investors to expect U.S. inflation will accelerate.
The dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, rallied 7.1 percent in the fourth quarter to notch its strongest showing since the first quarter of 2015.
(Reporting by Dan Burns and Sam Forgione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne, Australia - 26/03/2017 - Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany (R) speaks with second-placed Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain at the post-race press conference. REUTERS/Brandon Malone
Formula One - F1 - Australian Grand Prix - Melbourne, Australia - 26/03/2017 - Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain waves to supporters before the start of the Australian Formula One Grand Prix. REUTERS/Jason Reed
SHANGHAI Lewis Hamilton has raised their game but whether the Mercedes driver can deny Ferrari a second successive win of the season in China this weekend remains to be seen.
On paper, the triple world champion is still the man to beat -- the most successful driver by far in Shanghai with four wins to date.
"Lewis is the best Lewis that I've seen in the last four years, both on and off the track," said Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff after the Briton started on pole and finished second to Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel in the Australian season-opener.
WATCH: Hamilton ready for Chinese Grand Prix
"He has become a pillar of this team and they proved that in Melbourne."
But Vettel is leading the championship, the first time a non-Mercedes driver has done that since they took their fourth title with Red Bull in 2013, and once-dominant Mercedes have a fight on their hands.
Mercedes, who have taken both the drivers and constructors' titles for the last three years, have won four of the last five races in China.
As Melbourne showed, however, past form may count for little in a season of sweeping rule change.
READ MORE: Williams upbeat for F1 future after revenue growth
"If you think you are going to cruise to victory in the future, based on a track record of success, you'll be proven wrong very quickly," said Wolff.
"Australia was a weekend full of lessons, now we go to China ready and excited about another battle."
Ferrari have not started a season with consecutive wins since 2004 at the peak of the Michael Schumacher era, the Italian team taking 15 victories from 18 races that season.
Vettel's win in Australia ended a victory drought for Ferrari stretching back to September 2015, and drew rare praise from company chairperson Sergio Marchionne, but they must now prove they can be genuine contenders.
"You really have to go step by step," said Vettel.
"It's good to know that we have a great car but it's just the beginning: new regulations, new generations of cars so there will be a lot of progress."
The cars this year are longer and wider, sporting fatter tyres and more swept-back bodywork as part of a rules shake-up aimed at making them faster, more spectacular to watch and harder to drive.
But overtaking has also become more difficult, with Australia raising concern about the lack of real moves.
The long straights and wide sweeps of the Shanghai circuit saw 128 passes last year, more than at any other track, and should provide a more definitive verdict.
Once-great McLaren can expect to be on the receiving end, with engine partners Honda under intense pressure after a slow start to the season.
"The characteristics of the Shanghai International Circuit are very different from Melbourne, and its long, fast straights will likely expose the weaknesses in our package more than Albert Park did," said McLaren Racing Director Eric Boullier.
Italian rookie Antonio Giovinazzi makes their second start for Sauber as a replacement for Pascal Wehrlein, with the Swiss team concerned the German still needs time to get race fit.
(Editing by Alan Baldwin)
This interview will be on "St. Louis on the Air" at noon on Friday; this story will be updated after the show. You can listen live.
On Friday's St. Louis on the Air, host Don Marsh will discuss how protests over the Stockley verdict have evolved.
Earlier this week, St. Louis police arrested 143 demonstrators after Interstate 64 was blocked for a time.
In September, Jason Stockley, a former St. Louis police officer, was found not guilty of first-degree murder in the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith. Prosecutors alleged Stockley executed Smith after a car chase and then planted a gun in their car. Stockley maintained that Smith reached for a gun and that they shot Smith in self-defense.
Joining the program are:
Shula Neuman, Executive Editor, St. Louis Public Radio
Willis Ryder Arnold, Reporter, St. Louis Public Radio
St. Louis on the Air brings you the stories of St. Louis and the people who live, work and create in our region. St. Louis on the Air host Don Marsh and producers Mary Edwards, Alex Heuer and Kelly Moffitt give you the information you need to make informed decisions and stay in touch with our diverse and vibrant St. Louis region.
Fixer Upper stars Chip and Joanna Gaines are having to pay up for EPA violations seen on their hit HGTV show.
The couple's business, Magnolia Homes, has agreed to pay a $40,000 fine after the EPA determined 33 of its home renovations were “conducted without adequate lead paint protections,” reports Deadline, which notes the potential fine the company faced was as high as $556,000.
The EPA notes Fixer Upper footage “reviewed by EPA did not depict the lead-safe work practices normally required” though “Magnolia took immediate steps to ensure compliance” when it was notified.
Chip Gaines, who in March tweeted advice about engaging a professional to check for lead paint when buying or remodeling a home, will also star in a Magnolia-paid video on lead paint safety as part of the settlement, per Vulture. (The couple are expecting their fifth child.)
More From Newser:
BEIRUT, March 29 Spillways at the Tabqa Euphrates dam are functioning normally after engineers carried out repairs, a media official with the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces militia, which is trying to capture the dam from Islamic State, said on Wednesday.
Islamic State warned on Sunday that the dam was at risk of collapse because it had been damaged by air strikes, and on Monday the SDF paused its assault, which was staged from the northern bank of the Euphrates where the spillways are located.
The SDF and the U.S.-led coalition have said the dam is not in danger. (Reporting by Angus McDowall; Editing by Catherine Evans)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - The logo of French drugmaker Sanofi is seen in front of the company's headquarters in Paris, France, October 30, 2014. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
PARIS Up to 4,100 children in France suffered major malformations in the womb after their mothers took a treatment against epilepsy and bipolar disorders known as valproate between 1967 and 2016, France's drug regulator said.
Valproate, which has been manufactured in France by Sanofi under the brand Depakine for epilepsy and Depakote and Depamide for bipolar disorders, is also believed to cause slow neurological development, ANSM said on Thursday.
Sanofi said it had been transparent with the authorities and that it had sought to keep doctors and patients abreast of medical information.
Parents of those affected, however, say the French state and Sanofi were too slow to warn of the side effects, after the risks to foetuses became clear by the early 1980s.
The French drug authority said it would also publish a study on neurological effects of valproate in the second half of 2017.
Valproate was approved as an anti-epileptic drug in France in 1967 and has become one of the most widely prescribed treatments worldwide given its effectiveness on adult patients.
"We are aware of the painful situations faced by families whose children have problems that may be related to their mother's treatment of anti-epileptic drugs during pregnancy," a spokesperson for Sanofi said in an emailed statement.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned in 2013 that valproate should not be taken during pregnancy and a Paris prosecutor launched a preliminary investigation into the authorisation and marketing of the drug in 2015 after a group of families lodged a legal complaint.
Depakine, which lost its patent in 1998, is also prescribed in more than 100 other countries.
(Editing by Sarah White/Richard Balmforth/Alexander Smith)
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
The sentencing phase of Roof's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston. They could face the death penalty.
With Roof representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. The 22-year-old said they plan to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence.
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church.
Even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon. The federal government hasn't carried out a death sentence since 2003.
Five arrests, after a large marijuana manufacturing operation was busted at a home near Penn Valley. Nevada County Sheriff's Lieutenant Rob Bringolf says the upscale home was on Houghton Ranch Road, off Highway 20. They say when officers arrived, several of the suspects ran inside a barn, where a butane honey oil lab was located. But they say they quickly came back out and officers soon found out why, when the lab appeared to be in a hazardous condition…
click to listen to Lt Bringolf
Bringolf says they also found a recently-harvested marijuana grow of 106 plants, up to 50 pounds of processed marijuana, and several totes of marijuana shake, among other items. They say several suspects, believed to be out of town workers for the operation, were also making marijuana edibles in what was considered less than hygenic conditions…
click to listen to Lt Bringolf
Bringolf says officers also found a couple of pounds of psychedelic mushrooms, several loaded firearms, and several thousand dollars. Three of the suspects are from Sacramento and identifed as: 26-year-old Kyle Byrd, 25-year-old Sophia Todd, and 27-year-old Andrew Kovisto. The other two are 40-year-old Chad Wikoff, from the Penn Valley-Sacramento area, and 20-year-old Gabriella Skondin, from Tucson, Arizona, but also with ties to Penn Valley. Meanwhile, Bringolf says the owners of the property are still under investigation.
STUTTGART, Germany Former world number one Maria Sharapova cruised into the Stuttgart Grand Prix semi-finals on Friday, extending their winning comeback from a doping suspension with a smooth 6-3 6-4 victory over Estonian qualifier Anett Kontaveit.
Wildcard entrant Sharapova, a five-time Grand Slam winner, returned to action only this week following their 15-month drugs ban, but has looked like they never really went away in winning their three matches so far without dropping a set.
Sharapova has also received wildcards for upcoming tournaments in Madrid and Rome, angering some players who say a doping offender should start from the lower-tier tournaments and earn back ranking points instead.
Reaching the Stuttgart final could be enough to move Sharapova's ranking back above 200 and secure them a spot in the qualifying tournament for the French Open, and if they did well in Madrid and Rome they might make the main draw for Wimbledon.
"I thought I had a really good rhythm today," Sharapova told reporters. "When you don't know your opponent too well you try to figure them out and when I got my opportunity I took it," they said of their dominant phase late in the first set.
"It's part of being a competitor. We work too hard to come out here and not to give it everything we have. It's important to have that intensity."
The 21-year-old Kontaveit, who battled through the Stuttgart qualifiers into the main draw, confirmed their fine current form early in Friday's match, comfortably holding serve and matching Sharapova's power from the baseline.
The Estonian world number 76, fresh from their first WTA tour final earlier this month, was broken twice in a row though as Sharapova upped the pressure, attacking every serve of their opponent to win five games in a row.
Sharapova broke again early in the second set and despite twice dropping their serve in a late bout of nerves they broke the Estonian again, sealing victory on the first match point as Kontaveit sent a forehand long.
The U.S.-based Russian will next play the winner of the quarter-final between France's Kristina Mladenovic and Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 6 WeP Solutions Ltd:
* Got an order from central excise commissioner, Bangalore on payment of 58.1 million rupees plus interest
* The amount is not payable; to contest the demand before appropriate authorities Source text: (bit.ly/2nGduRn) Further company coverage:
After discussing Iran and North Korea with U.S. military leaders on Thursday, President Donald Trump posed for a photo with them before dinner and declared the moment “the calm before the storm.”
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump said after journalists gathered in the White House state dining room to photograph them and first lady Melania Trump with the uniformed military leaders and their spouses.
“Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” they said.
What storm?
“You'll find out,” Trump told questioning reporters.
Classical music played in the background and tables were set in the nearby Blue Room for a fancy meal.
The White House did not immediately reply to a request to clarify Trump's remark.
Earlier in the evening, while seated with the top defense officials in the cabinet room, Trump talked about the threat from North Korea and preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.
“In North Korea, our goal is denuclearization,” they said. “We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or our allies with unimaginable loss of life. We will do what we must do to prevent that from happening. And it will be done, if necessary, believe me.”
During their speech to the United Nations General Assembly last month, Trump said the United States would “totally destroy” North Korea if needed to defend itself or U.S. allies.
The president on Thursday also had tough words for Iran, saying the country had not lived up to the spirit of an agreement forged with world powers to curb its nuclear program.
A senior administration official said on Thursday
that Trump was expected to announce soon they would decertify the landmark agreement.
Trump has filled top posts within their administration with military generals, including their chief of staff, retired General John Kelly, and national security adviser, Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster. McMaster, who normally dresses in civilian clothes at the White House, wore their uniform for the meeting.
Without being specific, Trump pressed the leaders to be faster at providing them with “military options” when needed.
“Moving forward, I also expect you to provide me with a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace. I know that government bureaucracy is slow, but I am depending on you to overcome the obstacles of bureaucracy,” they said during their cabinet room meeting.
Thumbnail Credits : Reuters
Join us for model home tours during the day and a family-friend movie at night
Join Lennar at Gossamer Grove for a special movie night event and new models.
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com
949-283-0202 Valerie Sheets949-283-0202
End
-- Lennar is excited to invite families and friends to Flight Park at the Gossamer Grove masterplanned community for a fun-filled day on Saturday, June 2. During the day attendees will be able to tour the newly-opened model homes from The Chateau Series and The Skye Series from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Then later that night, a special viewing of Paddington 2 from 8 to 10 p.m."This is going to be a great community event," said Susan Wilke, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Lennar Central Valley. "We hope to see all the happy residents, their friends and families come out to see our new model homes and enjoy the film."The event will provide attendees with complimentary popcorn and treats, so bring out your blankets to enjoy the almost-summer warm evening. It's also the perfect opportunities for homeshoppers to discover the lifestyle that Gossamer Grove has to offer. The Chateau Series offers eight distinctive home designs with sizes that range from 1,766 to 3,167 square feet. Four more home designs are featured in The Skye Series, with sizes that range from 2,029 to 2,570 square feet.Community members or anyone interested in attending the event is encouraged to visit the Lennar Central Valley Facebook page for updates. Flight Park is located in Gossamer Grove off 7Standard and Calloway streets.Gossamer Grove is a masterplanned community that will be built atop more than 1,000 acres and will include, in addition to more than 3,000 homes, two schools, ten parks including Flight Park, meant to pay homage to Shafter's deep-rooted history in aviation, and commercial and retail development, including city services.For more information on this community or to view move-in ready homes, visit www.lennar.com/ gossamergrove For a list of new home communities throughout the Greater Bakersfield area, visit www.lennar.com/ bakersfield Lennar Corporation, founded in 1954, is one of the nation's leading builders of quality homes for all generations. Lennar builds affordable, move-up and active adult homes primarily under the Lennar brand name. Lennar's Financial Services segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of Lennar's homes and others. Lennar's Rialto segment is a vertically integrated asset management platform focused on investing throughout the commercial real estate capital structure. Lennar's Multifamily segment is a nationwide developer of high-quality multifamily rental properties. Previous press releases and further information about Lennar may be obtained at the "Investor Relations" section of Lennar's website, www.lennar.com.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cirtek Holdings Philippines Corp :
* APPROVED DECLARATION OF CASH DIVIDEND OF US$0.004609 PER COMMON SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
March 31Sinocare Inc :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 0 to 30 percent, or to be 43.9 million yuan to 57.0 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 43.9 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is increased main business income
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/qv54O1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
MEXICO CITY, April 27 Mexican Coke bottler Arca Continental plans to ramp up its capital expenditures by 43 percent, to 10 billion pesos ($525.6 million), this year as it starts a new U.S. venture, the company said Thursday.
Arca announced a deal earlier this year to act as Coca-Cola Co's sole franchise bottler in the Southwest United States.
Arca said in a statement that 40 percent of its 2017 investments will go to its operations in Mexico, 25 percent to the new U.S. unit and 25 percent to its businesses in South America.
The funds will aim to strengthen operations, modernize plants and improve customer service, Arca said.
Arca added that it would likely surpass its goal of earning 100 billion pesos in sales this year, even without the U.S. operation.
($1=19.0255 pesos)
(Reporting by Mitra Taj; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 10 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- The British regulator will rule next month on whether 21st Century Fox can buy the rest of Sky, the British satellite and news giant. nyti.ms/2nSx3WT
- China's anti-corruption investigators are targeting the country's top insurance regulator, throwing doubt over an industry that has been behind a wave of blockbuster global deals but has raised concerns about financial risk in the world's second-largest economy. nyti.ms/2nSjI0D
- Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson is taking a hard line against Russia on the eve of their first diplomatic trip to Moscow, calling the country "incompetent" for allowing Syria to hold on to chemical weapons and accusing Russia of trying to influence elections in Europe using the same methods it employed in the United States. nyti.ms/2nSyncd
- 21st Century Fox has enlisted the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison to investigate at least one accusation of sexual harassment against Fox News host Bill O' Reilly. nyti.ms/2nST33E
(Compiled by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru)
Host4Porn accommodates almost every adult business type and new VPS Adult Hosting Plans make it even easier.
Contact
Host4Porn
***@whitelabelitsolutions.com Host4Porn
End
-- Host4Porn, a leading adult web hosting service with an impeccable reputation for quality hosting and customer care, has announced attractive new price points on their VPS adult hosting service. The offer is already up on Host4Porn's website and can be seen now by all.Excited to offer customers a great deal on VPS hosting plans, to companies looking to start their business with a limited budget can avail this offer to enjoy world class VPS adult hosting service at a very affordable price.Host4Porn offers highly affordable plans utilizing the best flexible solutions. Offering opportunity to many features and technologies needed to run a successful site, at the most competitive prices in the industry. VPS adult hosting plans from Host4Porn is the preferred choice of many companies looking for a reliable hosting service at an affordable cost. The VPS hosting plan comes with broader bandwidth that puts businesses in full control of their operations even from remote business locations.There are many benefits that organizations can enjoy when they choose Host4Porn for their VPS hosting needs. Their VPS adult hosting plans come with highly secured and fully managed servers and guaranteed uptime. One of the key factors that makes Host4Porn stand apart from other hosting services is the amazing customer support which is available 24/7 on all days of the year. Any issue that customers face is resolved in the quickest possible time and in a highly professional manner.Some of the unique features that Host4Porn offers with the VPS adult hosting service are robust cPanel and Plesk Add-ons, site scripts, free data migration, and assured uptime of 100% which ensures the highest availability for websites and applications which can lead to improved business prospects, more sales and improved profits. Host4Porn offers both Linux and Windows VPS hosting services for the convenience of customers.As one of the top adult web hosting companies, the company is committed to providing highly cost-effective hosting solutions for clients across a multitude of diverse adult niches.Host4Porn is fully geared to meet the challenges and roll out impeccable services to their valued customers.For more information, visit http://www.host4porn.com
WASHINGTON NetSpend Corp, a unit of Total System Services Inc (TSS.N), has agreed to settle Federal Trade Commission allegations that the prepaid card company deceived people about access to funds deposited on NetSpend debit cards, the FTC said on Friday.
The company has agreed to pay at least $53 million, consisting of $40 million on deposit in customer accounts and $13 million to the FTC, according to court documents.
The FTC vote approving the stipulated final order was 2-1, with acting Chairman Maureen Ohlhausen dissenting, the agency said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by David Alexander)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration attacked Hezbollah's financial network on Friday by imposing sanctions on six people and seven entities in an effort to turn back Iran's influence in the Middle East and beyond.
“The administration is determined to expose and disrupt Hezbollah's networks, including those across the Middle East and West Africa, used to fund their illicit operations,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in announcing the penalties under financial regulations targeting the Lebanon-based Hezbollah militant group.
The six sanctioned individuals included five Lebanese and one Iraqi, most of them linked to Al-Inmaa Engineering and Contracting, the Treasury Department said. The seven entities were firms based in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Lebanon and Ghana, the statement said.
Senior Trump administration officials said the sanctions were part of an aggressive move against Hezbollah to try to limit the influence of Iran, which gives the group about $700 million a year to help finance its activities.
The officials, briefing reporters at the White House on condition of anonymity, said the Trump administration was working to reverse what it considers a more lackadaisical approach toward Hezbollah by Democratic President Barack Obama after the 2015 Iran nuclear deal went into effect.
More such targeted sanctions are expected in the months ahead, they said.
The officials said Hezbollah was already under financial strain as it continued to pay for costly operations in Syria and Yemen. The goal was to get European allies to join the United States in increasing pressure on the group, they said.
As a result of the Treasury designations, all their assets subject to U.S. jurisdiction are blocked and Americans are prohibited from engaging in transactions with them.
The six individuals were targeted because they are linked to financier Adham Tabaja and their company, Al-Inmaa Engineering and Contracting. The officials described Tabaja as among the top five Hezbollah financiers at the moment.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
East Lake Academy is currently offering free tuition estimates for the 2017-2018 school year.
Contact
East Lake Academy
***@eastlakeacademy.org East Lake Academy
End
-- East Lake Academy, the Chicago area's premier Roman Catholic private educational institution, is happy to announce that they are offering FREE tuition estimates for the 2017-2018 school year. Located in Lake Forest, Illinois, roughly thirty miles from Chicago, East Lake Academy is a privately funded educational experience that offers children from the ages preschool to the eighth grade a full academic and spiritual education.With a mission of giving students an education of "both body and soul to fully develop them as Christian leaders," East Lake Academy has developed their program around faith based, Roman Catholic principles and values. This commitment to dedication of excellence will not only ensure academic success to your child's best ability but to also build a foundation that will serve as their lifelong spiritual guide. With activities that are focused around faith, family and community, East Lake Academy offers events such as a Daddy Daughter Dance, a Father Son Campout and Grandparent's Day. They also offer Faith & Family Nights, a Family 5K, mission trips and a Spanish Heritage & Language Arts Night as well as their annual Christmas Pageant and May Crowning. East Lake Academy also offers cross-country, track and basketball for your student athlete to compete with other local schools. In an effort to embrace family participation, parents and other extended family members are encouraged to be involved with their children and their education by joining our parent association and by partaking of many different volunteer opportunities.At this current time East Lake Academy is now offering a free tuition estimate to provide the best available rate to your family for their services. The tuition estimate is based on wcj several factors, including your child's academic history and their willingness to participate in extended services. East Lake Academy also offers a parishioner discount for those families that are members of the local parish and scholarships for children whose parent(s) are currently active military. The free tuition estimate will also allow the admissions department the opportunity to talk to you about their curriculum which is one of the finest on the North Shore and to schedule a personal tour allowing you access to the classrooms, staff and students. For more information about the East Lake Academy, please contact their admissions department at (847)247-0035 or vist their website at
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* Investors on edge over simmering geopolitical tensions * Trump says dollar too strong, Fed should keep rates low * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates prices, adds comment) By Jan Harvey LONDON, April 13 Gold pulled back from an earlier five-month high on Thursday as the dollar clawed back some of the ground it lost after U.S. President Donald Trump said the U.S. currency was too strong. The metal stayed on track for its best week since June, however, as concerns over tensions in North Korea and the Middle East kept stock markets under pressure. Spot gold was down 0.3 percent at $1,283.30 an ounce by 1410 GMT, having earlier hit its strongest since early November at $1,287.98 an ounce. U.S. gold futures for June delivery were $7.10 higher at $1,285.20. "Since risk aversion is now in place and equity markets are on the retreat, gold prices are supported, but should this trend reverse, I wouldn't be surprised to see gold coming under some pressure," Commerzbank analyst Eugen Weinberg said. Trading volumes in wider markets have been light ahead of the long Easter weekend. While the dollar pulled back some ground, Trump's comments kept Treasury yields on track for their biggest weekly declines since late 2015, while stock markets fell 0.3 percent in Europe. Fears of a new weapons test by North Korea as a U.S. carrier group sailed towards the region, as well as worries about the forthcoming French presidential election, also kept investors on edge. Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. "We remain constructive on gold (given) elevated political tensions in both Korea and Syria, coupled with a lower drift evident in U.S. equity markets," INTL FCStone said in a note. From a technical perspective, gold is facing strong near-term resistance at $1,291 an ounce, the location of a trendline declining from its 2011 record high of $1,920.30 an ounce, analysts said. On the major physical gold markets, the precious metal was sold at a discount to spot prices in India this week for the first time in six weeks, while demand elsewhere in Asia remained subdued as surging bullion prices deterred buyers. Among other precious metals, silver was flat at $18.46, off an earlier five-month high of $18.599. Platinum was 0.4 percent higher at $972, while palladium was up 0.1 percent to $797.40. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Goodman and David Holmes)
(Adds further CEO comments)
By Tim Hepher
AMSTERDAM, April 12 Airbus hopes to get "significant" financial help from European governments to ease renewed problems with its A400M military transport aircraft, Chief Executive Tom Enders said on Wednesday.
In February, Airbus called for further help on Europe's largest defence project, following penalties for delays and a contract clause allowing buyers to withhold some cash payments.
In late March, Airbus held talks with European purchasing governments who decided to maintain the penalties, but did not rule out some short-term flexibility..
"We are very grateful that governments have responded to our plea to engage in these discussions, which will hopefully bring significant financial mitigation," Enders told an annual shareholder meeting.
Enders said the drain on cash from the A400M problems should be reduced beyond 2018, after which the company would demonstrate strong potential for cashflow generation.
Enders noted other finiancial headwinds, including delays in deliveries of the A320neo, the planemaker's latest narrowbody jet, which has been held up by shortages of one type of engine.
Enders cited figures suggesting Airbus, whose main rival is U.S. group Boeing, gets $1.5 million more profit for each A320neo, a fuel-saving version of the most popular European jet.
The A350 supply chain has improved but some bottlenecks remain following delays in cabin deliveries, they added.
Enders said Airbus still did not know when, or to what extent, European governments would offer new export credits to support jet sales. The system was frozen last year amid a UK probe into suspected fraud, which has since widened to French prosecutors. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Who has been Aston Villa's player of the season so far, in your opinion?
As Villa approaches the Championship promotion run-in we want to hear from you.
Using our interactive Playbuzz poll, you can rank Steve Bruce's squad - and their impact in the 2017-18 campaign - from best to worst.
In our list we've included everybody who has played in the Championship for Villa this term - so look out for a few bit part players.
Has goalkeeper Sam Johnstone been your star man? What about captain John Terry? Or are you a James Chester fan?
Does the Alan 'the Scottish Cafu' Hutton get your vote? Or goal-getting midfielder Conor Hourihane?
Perhaps you prefer 'one of our own' Jack Grealish, super-scoring Uncle Albert Adomah or creator supreme Robert Snodgrass.
You might not think any of the above is worthy of the player-of-the-season accolade - so look at the list below instead and place your vote.
You can move players up and down in the rankings.
YOUR CHANCE TO RANK THE PLAYERS HERE
MORE VILLA NEWS
Aston Villa loanee Aaron Tshibola played a part as Kilmarnock pulled off a very impressive victory at Rangers on Saturday.
The midfielder was reunited with Steve Clarke upon joining Killie on loan for the season, and the Ayshire club have been in sparkling form.
They've lost just once in their last 15 games, sit fifth in the table and have taken seven points off the Gers in three matches against them this season.
Tshibola, who endured a rather unsuccessful time at MK Dons in the first half of the campaign, appears to have found their feet in a thriving Killie side who are secure in the top half of the SPL table.
Veteran Kris Boyd, who has now scored a remarkable 20 goals this season, bagged the winner against their old club on Saturday, tapping home a rebound from a Youssouf Mulumbu shot.
Tshibola, 23, has made nine appearances for Killie, scoring once.
After the game, they posted on Instagram: “Unbelievable win away at rangers, what a feeling. Great team work. wouldn't be possible without you supporters @krisboyd.9 flames #Upthekillie #godiswonderful #Praisegod
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
BOUNCING BACK
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing' defeats against Bolton and QPR, and admits the promotion push is still on.
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents.
With Cardiff's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions, the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points.
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry isn't giving up.
"After a great run, the last two results have been really disappointing," they said on Instagram.
"Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys.
"I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one."
POLL
Villa is fourth, seven points off the automatic promotion places with eight games to play.
Where do you think they will finish? Let us know by voting in our poll:
poll loading Where will Aston Villa finish in the Championship this season? 25000+ VOTES SO FAR Champions Runners-up Play offs 7-12 Bottom half
EUROS & VILLANS
The 1982 European Cup final will surely never be eclipsed as the most iconic moment in Villa's history.
But that glorious night in Rotterdam, when Tony Barton's boys overcame the odds to beat German giants Bayern Munich, is only part of the club's European history.
Villa also won the UEFA Super Cup the following year and have since lifted the Intertoto Cup, as well as playing in European ties in 24 different countries.
And the full story will be told in a book which is due to be published in the next few months. Written by former Birmingham Mail reporter Rob Bishop, Euros & Villans will feature every one of Villa's European games, from the UEFA Cup tie against Royal Antwerp in 1975 to the 2010 Europa League qualifier against Rapid Vienna.
The new book will include an abridged version of The Road to Rotterdam, plus a chapter on each of Villa's other 15 European campaigns.
Euros & Villans will be a limited edition of just 1,982 copies, with supporters being offered the chance to pre-order and have their names included.
To follow the book's progress, check out @eurovillabook on Facebook.
The Philippines' gross international reserves (GIR) declined in September with the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) attributing the drop to its foreign exchange operations, lower gold prices and national government debt payments abroad.
Advertisements
Central bank data released on Friday showed the country's foreign exchange reserves at $81.34 billion for the month, down 0.46 percent from August. A year earlier it was at $86.13 billion.
“The month-on-month decline in GIR level was due mainly to outflows arising from the revaluation adjustments on the BSP's gold holdings resulting from the decrease in the price of gold in the international market, payments made by the national government for its maturing foreign exchange obligations, and foreign exchange operations of the BSP,” the Bangko Sentral said in a statement.
These were partially offset by net foreign currency deposits by the national government and the central bank's income from investments abroad.
The reserves were enough to cover 8.5 months worth of imports, lower than the 8.6 months in August and the 9.7 months recorded year earlier, central bank data showed.
They were also equivalent to 5.5 times the short-term external obligations due within one year and 3.6 times based on residual maturity.
April 13Huafa Industrial Co Ltd Zhuhai :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 8 yuan(pre-tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 8 new shares for every 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/BJacLO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS: Billionaire French tycoon Vincent Bollore was detained Tuesday as part of a corruption investigation involving their group's acquisition of contracts to operate ports in West Africa, legal sources told AFP.
The 66-year-old head of the Bollore Group, was taken into custody in the Paris suburb of Nanterre for questioning about how the group obtained contracts to run Lome port in Togo and Conakry port in Guinea, the sources said on condition of anonymity.
The news that the magnate was being questioned caused Bollore stocks to tumble over 8 percent in Paris trading.
The group, which has interests in construction, logistics, media, advertising and shipping, said it “formally denied” any wrongdoing in its African operations.
Its director general, Gilles Alix, and the manager of the international division of its communications subsidiary Havas, Jean-Philippe Dorent, were also taken into custody, a judicial source added.
Investigators are probing allegations that the tentacular group, which has interests in construction, logistics, media, advertising and shipping, corrupted public officials to clinch the Lome port deal in 2010 as well as the Conakry deal in 2011.
The group's African logistics arm has several port and rail concessions in Africa.
Investigators from France's financial crimes unit are specifically looking at communications work done by Dorent for Guinean President Alpha Conde and Togolese President Faure Gnassingbe.
In 2016, police searched the Bollore Group's headquarters in the Paris suburb of Puteaux.
The investigation stems from a probe into the connections of Francis Perez, the president of the Pefaco group, which operates hotels and casinos in Africa.
Perez has been linked to Dorent, who was in charge of Conde's 2010 election campaign.
Battling over ports
Months after they became their country's first freely elected president Conde summarily terminated the contract of Conakry port's operator — a subsidiary of French shipping company NCT Necotrans — and gave it to rival Bollore.
A French court in 2013 ordered the Bollore Group to pay Necotrans 2 million euros ($2.4 million) in compensation for its lost investment in the port but cleared it of having a hand in the president's decision.
Dorent also worked on the communications strategy of Gnassingbe, who succeeded their father Gnassingbe Eyadema upon their death in 2005.
After Gnassingbe's reelection to a second term in 2010, the Bollore Group won the 35-year Lome port contract — a decision also challenged by a rival.
B2B technology vendors tend to focus on a number of marketing and sales tactics that buyers don't find especially useful or trustworthy, according to recent research from TrustRadius.
The report was based on data from a survey of 438 B2B technology buyers and 240 individuals who work for B2B technology vendors.
Buyers use five different sources of information, on average, to evaluate B2B technology vendors.
Buyers say the most influential information sources in evaluating vendors are their prior experiences with the product, free trials/accounts, product demos, and referrals from friends/colleagues/peers. Buyers also rank these four sources as the most trustworthy.
The most commonly used tactics by B2B technology vendors to engage potential buyers are company/product websites, product demos, marketing collateral, case studies, and blog posts.
Read the Full Article
Membership is required to access the full version of this how-to marketing article ... don't worry though, it's FREE!
May 2 Badger Explorer ASA
* Enters into definitive agreement to acquire dwellop as
* Signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of outstanding shares in dwellop as for purchase price of NOK 185 million
* Cash consideration will be paid at completion using company's existing cash reserves
* NOK 60 million shall be settled in cash at completion of transaction
* Transaction is expected to take place towards end of May 2017
* Consideration shares will be issued on separate isin awaiting approval of document, expected to be published in beginning of June 2017
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
March 29 TK DEVELOPMENT A/S:
* MANAGEMENT EXPECTS RESULTS FOR 2017/18 FINANCIAL YEAR OF DKK 100-120 MILLION BEFORE TAX
* PROFIT BEFORE TAX AMOUNTED TO DKK 13.8 MILLION FOR 2016/17 AGAINST LOSS DKK 191.0 MILLION IN 2015/16
* FY 2016/17 NET REVENUE DKK 401.5 MILLION VERSUS DKK 327.8 MILLION YEAR AGO
* BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING RESOLVE NOT TO DISTRIBUTE DIVIDENDS FOR THE 2016/17 FINANCIAL YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ALGIERS, April 10 Algeria released details of its "new model of growth" on Monday to cope with a sharp fall in oil prices, recognising that its vast system of government subsidies is unsustainable and must be overhauled.
The document outlining the new model frankly admitted the country's reliance on energy, which accounts for 60 percent of its budget, and put forward an ambitious programme for developing its non-oil sector through 2030.
Subsidies are a sensitive issue since the state helps pay for everything from basic food items to housing. The system amounts to some 20 percent of GDP, according to some estimates.
"The abruptness of the drop in oil prices has revealed the fragility of the economic system," the document said.
"In all sectors of the public service (electricity, gas, water, rail transport, telecommunications), tariffs are kept at levels lower than the cost of operations for more than a decade for social considerations," it said.
"This financial support is no longer sustainable for the state," it said. "The internal adjustment foreseen though 2016-2019 is not the end but just a start of the end of this dependence."
Algeria started cutting public spending after 2015 and its finance law for 2017 includes more increases in prices for fuel and electricity. It forecast a 15 percent deficit last year.
The document proposes to diversify the economy with a focus on renewable energy, agriculture and industry. Algeria has long aimed to diversify its largely state-controlled economy but investment has been hampered by state bureaucracy and inertia.
TWO SCENARIOS
The document includes two scenarios for the evolution of oil prices. One will worsen Algeria's economic situation if prices are $40 per barrel in 2017, $45 in 2018 and $50 in 2019.
A second one sees a more sustainable scenario with the oil prices at $50 in 2017, $55 in 2018 and $60 in 2019.
With proper reforms, the second scenario sees Algeria's budget deficit reduced to 1.9 percent of GDP in 2019. Its balance of payments surplus would be $2.2 billion, with the possibility of new debt and foreign reserves at a "comfortable" level to cover 27 months of imports.
As Algeria's energy revenues declined to $27.5 billion in 2016 from $60 billion in 2014, the government has cut spending and reduced petrol subsidies.
It has also restricted imports to protect foreign reserves, which have fallen to $114 billion in 2016 from $178 billion two years earlier. It can still cover around 2 years of imports.
Most analysts say Algeria has time to carry out reforms with little short-term risk because of its very low foreign debt.
Three million heavily subsidised houses have been provided and slums have been cleared in the capital Algiers in the past two years. Public health and education are free and young people setting up small businesses can get cheap loans. (Editing by Patrick Markey and Tom Heneghan)
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks during a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Friday the threat of an attack by Pyongyang against Japan and South Korea is real and urged the U.N. Security Council to act "before North Korea does."
In remarks to the U.N. Security Council, Tillerson called on the international community to fully implement U.N. sanctions and to suspend or downgrade diplomatic relations with Pyongyang.
"With each successive detonation and missile test North Korea pushes northeast Asia and the world closer to instability and broader conflict," Tillerson told the 15-member council. "The threat of a North Korean attack on Seoul or Tokyo is real."
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Frances Kerry)
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi's governor signed a law Monday banning most abortions after 15 weeks' gestations, the tightest restrictions in the nation.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has frequently said they want Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
House Bill 1510's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
Advertisement
The state is bracing for immediate lawsuits. Abortion rights advocates say the law is unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic in Jackson opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
LONDON Scepticism about U.S. tax reform plans, and pricey valuations after a record rally, kept European money managers wary of North American equities in April, while a hectic election calendar has also reduced the lure of euro zone assets.
Participants in Reuters' survey of 14 European asset managers were keener on emerging markets, noting recovering economic growth across the developing world.
The survey was conducted between April 18 and 25, mainly in the run-up to the first French election round. That was topped by centrist Emmanuel Macron, sending French stocks to record highs and sparking equity rallies worldwide .CAC40.
Macron is now expected to win the May 7 run-off -- a relief for investors who had fretted about a possible victory for the right-wing Marine le Pen who has threatened to take France out of the euro.
Meanwhile, strong company earnings and potential tax cuts for corporate America sent world stocks to record highs, with New York's Nasdaq surging above the 6,000-mark for the first time ever .MIWD00000PUS .NDX.
European asset managers' overall equity holdings inched up to 44 percent, the highest since January. This was mainly thanks to UK allocations rising to 7 percent, off the recent seven-year low of 4.7 percent. They also increased emerging equities to at least 14.1 percent versus 12.7 percent in March.
Japanese holdings rose to 8.5 percent, a three-month high.
U.S. equity exposure however was steady at 39.6 percent, the lowest since December, while European holdings slipped four percentage points to 30.8 percent after a spike last month.
"We are underweight U.S. equities as the United States has the highest valuations while it is also the region where the soft versus hard data conundrum is the most pressing," said Peter van der Welle, a strategist at Robeco.
Mixed U.S. economic data has made analysts sceptical the country can achieve targeted 3 percent growth this year or next, even if the fiscal stimulus and tax cuts promised by U.S. President Donald Trump are implemented.
Trump has proposed tax cuts, but their package has fallen short of the comprehensive reforms sought by businesses and wealthy taxpayers, while it also faces a long road to enactment. Some of their other promises, including repealing the previous administration's healthcare reform, have run aground.
Over two-thirds of poll participants who replied to a special question on the subject said they did not expect major U.S. tax reform to be accomplished in 2017.
"After the healthcare debacle, it is hard to see Washington neophytes like (Treasury Secretary Stephen) Mnuchin push a complex tax reform proposal through a polarised Congress before 2018," van der Welle said.
This could check the exuberance of U.S. equities despite robust company earnings and a broadly healthy economy.
Matteo Germano, global head of multi asset investments at Pioneer Investments said they favoured Europe and Japan versus the United States, "which has already benefited from re-pricing amid expectations of pro-market policies".
But others were less keen on Europe, noting political volatility stemming from politics. Besides the French May 7 run off, Britain goes to the polls in June, Germany in September and Italy in early 2018.
The euro surged to 5-1/2-month highs against the dollar after the French election round, but earlier this year it hit lows around 1.03 per dollar, leading many to predict the single currency would hit parity against the greenback EUR=.
But only one poll participant expected parity to be reached. Others such as Jan Bopp at Bank J Safra Sarasin said the euro-dollar rate would reflect the decrease in French political risks on the one hand and receding U.S. stimulus hopes on the other.
"In the case of a Le Pen win in France, euro-dollar could trade below parity. But this is not our base case," they said. "On the other side, possible reflationary aspects of Trump's proposed policies boosting the US dollar are fading away."
That also made it likely that markets would price out some near-term U.S. rate rises, Bopp added.
The poll reflected growing interest in emerging markets, with 80 percent of respondents predicting more flows to the sector. Bank of America Merrill Lynch data showed last week that emerging bond funds had taken new money for 12 straight weeks.
MSCI's emerging equity index gained 11 percent in the first quarter .MSCIEF and is set to end April up another 2 percent, having surged towards a two-year high after the French vote.
"Emerging markets equity valuation remains attractive and emerging debt also brings an attractive carry," Nadege Dufosse, head of asset allocation at Candriam, said.
(Additional reporting by Claire Milhench and Maria Pia Quaglia Regondi in Milan)
Wind and rain did not dampen the spirit of ladies at Rushden & Higham Rugby Club who turned out in their numbers for the recent Meet Your Inner Warrior event.
The women were joined for the session by personal trainer Chloe Madeley.
Chloe Madeley took part in a training session at Rushden & Higham. Pictures by Leo Wilkinson
Launched in January, England Rugby's new nationwide campaign ‘Meet Your Inner Warrior' saw clubs up and down the country stage special sessions to encourage more women and girls to take up contact rugby within their communities.
Rushden coach Richard North said the session was a success and boasted a great atmosphere and spirit, despite the challenging conditions.
“The weather was atrocious,” they said. “It was wet, cold and muddy. You could not have picked a worse day to promote rugby.
“But that didn't seem to matter. The girls all got stuck in and really enjoyed it. It was a great event.
“I thought the time of year, not long after Christmas, might be slightly problematic too.
“But sometimes that's good, people have a ‘New Year, new start' type of mentality.”
Madeley joined the women as part of the session, and North said they threw themselves into the game and immersed themselves in the session with the other players.
The session ended in a full-contact game, which North said brought out the competitive side of the women.
“Right towards the end of the session, the girls said they wanted a game,” they said.
“It all got a bit partisan and they duffed each other up for a quarter of an hour at the end!
“Chloe was great value, a great sport and they really got stuck in. Although they turned up in trainers, which was not ideal in the mud!
“She was a really good sport and went about it the right way. She's a good character, chatted with the girls and seemed really pleased to have been involved.”
FILE PHOTO: Prince of the U.S. performs on stage at the Brit Awards at the Earls Court Arena in central London February 15, 2006. REUTERS/Kieran Doherty/File Photo
NEW YORK A U.S. judge has blocked a planned release of new Prince music on the first anniversary of their death this week.
The Minnesota district court on Wednesday issued a temporary injunction barring the release of the six-song EP "Deliverance" after Prince's estate argued that the recordings breached a confidentiality agreement between Prince and their former sound engineer.
According to court documents, Judge Wilhelmina Wright also ordered engineer Ian Boxhill to hand over all "original recordings, analog and digital copies, and any derivative works" to Prince's estate.
"Deliverance" was due to go on sale on Friday and would have marked the first in a series of planned posthumous releases of material by Prince from the huge vault of discarded or unfinished material they reportedly left behind after their death of an accidental drug overdose on April 21, 2016.
Independent record company Rogue Music Alliance (RMA) said earlier this week that the six songs were recorded by Prince between 2006 and 2008 and Boxill spent the last year completing, arranging and mixing the songs.
Representatives of RMA, Boxhill and Prince's estate did not immediately return calls for comment on the temporary injunction.
The title track "Deliverance" was removed from music streaming services late on Wednesday but not before reaching the No.1 spot on the iTunes rock songs charts.
Prince died at age 57 of an overdose of the painkiller fentanyl.
The value of their musical legacy, including a cache of unreleased recordings, has been estimated by some to exceed $500 million when factoring in future royalties, retail sales and commercial rights.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
NEW YORK, March 31 Third Avenue Management, its founder Martin Whitman and other defendants have reached a $14.25 million settlement of a lawsuit by investors in a junk bond mutual fund they oversaw that collapsed in December 2015.
The preliminary accord resolves claim the defendants failed to ensure that the Third Avenue Focused Credit Fund had enough liquidity to avert a demise, and the fund misrepresented its ability to properly value securities it owned.
Affiliated Managers Group Inc, which holds a majority stake in Third Avenue, previously set aside money to cover the settlement, which requires court approval. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
A Kettering man has been landed with a bill of more than £7,000 after a dead rat was found in the chip shop they used to run.
Environmental health inspectors from Kettering Council made the shocking discovery at Harry's Fish and Chips in 2015, when it was run by Harjinder Kang.
They no longer operates the premises, in Brambleside, Kettering.
Kang, of Barton Road, Kettering, appeared before Northampton Magistrates Court on April 4 regarding five food hygiene offences at the chippie.
Kang had failed to attend a court hearing for these matters in August 2016 and a warrant had been issued for their arrest.
They were arrested by Northamptonshire Police in March 2017.
They pleaded guilty to all five offences:
On July 27, 2015, they had failed to maintain a permanent procedure or procedures based on the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point principles and to provide Kettering Council with evidence of compliance with the same; they had failed to ensure that food handlers were supervised and instructed and/or trained in food hygiene matters commensurate with their work activity; they had failed to repair or replace a chest freezer lid; they had failed to keep those food premises clean; and they had failed to permit good food hygiene practices, namely pest control in that rat droppings and a dead rat were found in the premises.
The magistrates considered that by far the most serious offence was the last charge as it related to a lack of control of pests, namely a rat infestation at the premises.
The bench fined Kang £250 each for offences one to four, and £3,840 for offence number five; this was to reflect the seriousness of that offence. The total fine was £4,840.
Kang was also ordered to pay costs of £2,730 and a victim surcharge of £170.
They were ordered to pay £7,740 in total to the court. Kang agreed to pay this at the rate of £250 per month.
Head of public services at Kettering Council Shirley Plenderleith said: “Kettering Council is proud of the high proportion of legally compliant food businesses in the area and will support these businesses by taking action against those who do not meet the required standards.
“Kang failed to have regard for some of the most basic food hygiene requirements in their business and also failed to attend court when required to answer for those offences.
“Fortunately the diligence of Northamptonshire Police meant that Kang was identified and put before the court who dealt with the offences in a manner which reflected the seriousness of what was found in July 2015.”
An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
LONDON Shares of U.S. and European suppliers of microchips, sensors and circuitry to Apple Inc fell on Wednesday, after the company's much-awaited iPhone sales missed expectations in its second quarter.
Suppliers rely on strong iPhone sales for part of their profits, and in some cases Apple's announcement on Tuesday reawakened concerns about excessive exposure to Apple.
Apple said on Tuesday it sold 50.76 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of its 10th anniversary edition.
Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
"We believe Apple users are simply deferring purchases," Nomura Instinet analysts said in a client note.
Shares in Dialog Semiconductor, which provides power management systems for Apple, closed 2.5 percent lower, and was among the top European decliners on the day.
Dialog has been in investors' focus since mid-April when a research note from German broker Bankhaus Lampe suggested Apple could be developing the capacity to bring its power management components in-house.
That report knocked as much as a quarter off of Dialog's market value on the day. The company gets nearly 75 percent of its revenue from Apple, according to Morgan Stanley estimates.
Imagination Technologies, a British designer of graphical processing units used in smartphones, fell 3.3 percent. In April it said Apple, its largest customer, would stop using its technology within 15 to 24 months, causing its stock to lose nearly two thirds of its value in a single day.
Shares of Jabil Circuit Inc, a U.S. maker of casings for iPhones that gets nearly a quarter of its revenue from Apple, were down 1.5 percent at $28.78 in afternoon trading in New York.
Shares of U.S. radio frequency chipmaker Qorvo Inc were off 0.5 percent, while speech recognition software maker Nuance Communications Inc's stock dipped 1.3 percent.
ON Semiconductor Corp's shares were marginally lower.
Swiss company AMS, which makes optical sensors for iPhones, dropped 1.2 percent. STMicro, which provides the phone's accelerometers, gyroscopes and motion sensors, fell 1.8 percent.
Shares in ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chipmakers, declined 0.4 percent. The Netherlands-listed company is lower down the Apple supply chain than Dialog and STMicro, supplying to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, which in turn serves Apple.
(Reporting by Helen Reid in London and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Vikram Subhedar, Susan Thomas and Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 28 CFT
* Compagnie financiere tradition: reported revenue stable in Q1 2017 at 213.4 million Swiss ($214.60 million) compared with 219.5 million Swiss francs in same period in 2016, up 0.2 pct constant currencies
* At current exchange rates, Q1 consolidated revenue showed a decrease of 2.8 pct, impacted by weakness of pound sterling compared to same period last year
* Q1 group's consolidated adjusted revenue was 230.4 million Swiss francs, compared with 236.4 million Swiss francs in 2016, an increase of 0.4 pct at constant exchange rates Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9944 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
A research study on the global vehicle cameras market has been recently published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), a market intelligence and research firm. The report, titled “Vehicle Cameras Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020”, estimates the market to expand at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2014 to 2020 and reach US$1.2 bn by the end of the forecast period. The report further states that the worldwide vehicle cameras market stood at close to US$0.6 bn in 2013.
According to the research report, North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are the key regional markets for vehicle cameras. Among these, Europe holds the leading share in the global market. In 2013, it has accounted for a share of 44% in the global market. The rising usage of cameras in automobiles in the U.K. and Russia is considered as the main driver for the vehicle cameras market in Europe. Analysts project this regional market to retain its position over the forecast period.
The Asia Pacific market for vehicle cameras is also experiencing an impressive rise in its market share. The rapid increase in the demand for vehicle cameras from Australia, China, South Korea, and Taiwan, owing to the growth of the automotive sector as well as the rise in the disposable income of consumers, is fueling this regional market significantly. The vehicle cameras market in Asia Pacific is likely to report the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 12.0% during the forecast period, notes the research study.
Obtain brochure for latest advancement and technology https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4154
The global market for vehicle cameras has been analyzed on the basis of product prices and end-use applications in this market study. Based on price, affordable cameras (less than US$100), mid-range cameras (US$100-US$200), and high-end cameras (more than US$200) are the major segments of the global vehicle cameras market.
The mid-range vehicle cameras segment leads the overall market on account of its popularity among consumers. In 2013, this market segment held a share of 41% in the global vehicle cameras market. The presence of state-of-the-art features at a relatively lower price has been the main driver of this market segment.Though affordable vehicle cameras are available at the most economical rates, the lack of advanced features has limited the demand for them, the report states.
On the basis of end-use application, the market report classifies the global market for vehicle cameras into the markets for private vehicles, transportation vehicles, government and defense vehicles, and other vehicles used in healthcare, fire rescue, and sports. Private vehicles have emerged as the biggest end user of vehicle cameras. The market segment accounted for a share of 35.2% in the overall revenue generated in the global market in 2013.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=4154
Qrontech Co., Ltd., GoPro Inc., AIPTEK International Inc., DCS Systems Ltd., Garmin International Inc., Transcend Information Inc., Pittasoft Co. Ltd., S.Will Industrial Ltd., and Hyundai MnSoft are the key manufacturers of vehicle cameras across the world, states the market report.
The global vehicle cameras market Is segmented into:
By Price:
Affordable (upto US$ 100)
Mid-range (US$ 100 to US$ 200)
High-end (above US$ 200)
By End-use Application:
Government and Defense Vehicles
Private Vehicles
Transportation Vehicles
Others (Healthcare, Fire Rescue and Sports Vehicles)
By Region:
If utilities in Georgia or South Carolina decide not to complete nuclear power reactors under construction by Westinghouse Electric Co following its bankruptcy, those units would join a long list of abandoned U.S. nuclear projects.
Westinghouse, a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp (6502.T), is building two reactors for Georgia Power and partners at the Vogtle site in Georgia and two for South Carolina Electric & Gas (SCE&G) and its partner in South Carolina.
The utilities, units of Southern Co (SO.N) (Georgia Power) and Scana Corp (SCG.N) (SCE&G), have not cancelled the reactor projects but said they were evaluating options.
All 99 of the reactors now in service in the United States were started before the Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania in 1979.
At that time, utilities had construction permits from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) to build around 97 reactors, most of which were already under construction. The utilities only put in service 53 of those reactors.
See below for a list of reactors that were never finished after obtaining a construction permit from the NRC, according to data from the NRC and Reuters:
Plant Utility State Size (megawatt Cancel
electric) Date
Shearon Harris 2 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1983
Shearon Harris 3 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1981
Shearon Harris 4 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1981
Zimmer 1 Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co OH 810 1984
Midland 1 Consumers Power Co MI 492 1986
Midland 2 Consumers Power Co MI 818 1986
Cherokee 1 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1983
Cherokee 2 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1982
Cherokee 3 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1982
Washington Nuclear 1 Energy Northwest WA 1,266 1995
Washington Nuclear 3 Energy Northwest WA 1,242 1995
Washington Nuclear 4 Energy Northwest WA 1,218 1982
Washington Nuclear 5 Energy Northwest WA 1,242 1982
Grand Gulf 2 Entergy Nuclear Operations Inc MS 1,250 1990
Vogtle 3 Georgia Power Co GA 1,113 1974
Vogtle 4 Georgia Power Co GA 1,113 1974
River Bend 2 Gulf States Utilities Co LA 934 1984
Clinton 2 Illinois Power Co IL 933 1983
Forked River 1 Jersey Central Power & Light Co NJ 1,070 1980
Jamesport 1 Long Island Lighting Co NY 1,150 1980
Jamesport 2 Long Island Lighting Co NY 1,150 1980
* Shoreham Long Island Lighting Co NY 820 1989
Bailly 1 Northern Indiana Public Service Co IN 645 1981
Tyrone 2 Northern States Power Co WI 1,150 1974
Seabrook 2 Public Service Co of New Hampshire NH 1,198 1988
Hope Creek 2 Public Service Electric & Gas Co DE 1,067 1981
Marble Hill 1 Public Service of Indiana IN 1,130 1985
Marble Hill 2 Public Service of Indiana IN 1,130 1985
Sterling Rochester Gas & Electric Corp NY 1,150 1980
Bellefonte 1 Tennessee Valley Authority AL 1,235 1988
Bellefonte 2 Tennessee Valley Authority AL 1,235 1988
Hartsville A1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1984
Hartsville A2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1984
Hartsville B1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1982
Hartsville B2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1982
Phipps Bend 1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,220 1982
Phipps Bend 2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,220 1982
Yellow Creek 1 Tennessee Valley Authority MS 1,285 1984
Yellow Creek 2 Tennessee Valley Authority MS 1,285 1984
Callaway 2 Union Electric Co MD 1,150 1981
North Anna 3 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 907 1982
North Anna 4 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 907 1980
Surry 3 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 882 1977
Surry 4 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 882 1977
* Long Island Lighting Co, or LILCO, finished the Shoreham reactor but was not able to operate it commercially due to opposition in New York.
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino)
Repentent user starts their rehab resolution
New Year's resolutions started a day early for one addict living in Phnom Penh as they turned themselves into police custody on Saturday morning.
The aspiring reformer also turned over a package of crystal meth, telling police they had realised that the drugs weren't worth the trouble.
Local police didn't disclose what would be done with the former user but did praise them for their decision.
KOH SANTAPHEAP
“They sent us here to die”: this is the austere notion behind the heavyweight film Journey's End. This sense of doom renders it distinct from recent contemporary film adaptations such as the heroic Dunkirk (2017) or even noble War Horse (2011). Journey's End is about the Great War to End all Wars, a title which it had to relinquish ironically and tragically, when Europe fell again to yet another world war just twenty years later.
WWI is often construed as a bleaker affair altogether; it was not the ‘moral' war of WWII and it did not have such a clear-cut evil to defeat. Rather it was an arms race, a war for the sake of war. The British insistence on adhering to 19th century Empire military techniques and weapons against machine guns and tanks had a lunacy that teetered on hilarity (as encapsulated in Blackadder) but the suicidal consequences – the lions lead by mice – were all too tragic. This is what we find ourselves in the midst of Journey's End: a parade of unnecessary death and slaughter of a generation of men, offensives scheduled around the dinner plans of the gluttonous generals who played god with the lives of the many.
The film is an adaptation of R.C. Sherriff's 1928 pacifist play, based on their own experiences as an officer on the Western Front. The setting is on the eve of the great German ‘Spring Offensive' of March 1918, during which period each company was required to serve six days on the front. For months, a German offensive has been imminent and C Company has arrived just in time for the brunt of it. The company has a new recruit to join them in these six days, the young and naïve Raleigh (Asa Butterfield), who had requested to join the company to find their old family friend and sister's lover, Captain Stanhope (Sam Clafin). The ability to sign up with friends or people from your village or town – a practice which was unique to WWI – was introduced to encourage men and boys to join the effort. All too often, it resulted in an entire village's men being killed in one fell swoop.
The film excels at making its audience feel on edge through intense close-ups and lingering long shots that force the audience into the scene. We walk with the men, following so closely that we can almost touch their muddied collars as they head towards the front: our feet are heavy with theirs. We are as ignorant and confused and unprepared as the young lieutenants that hang to each of the words of their officers. We witness, with C Company, the previous occupants of the trench rush to pack up their things and flee like rats from a sinking ship. We can almost feel the dread in the air before we are told of the expected German attack. Silence is used here incredibly well; most deafening is what is not said. The brutal reality of the situation is the unbearable injustice of soldiers being sent to their deaths on the back of lies and weak formulated justifications. This truth stings, especially with Private Mason's (Toby Jones) offhand comment about the pluckiness and excitement of the young boys. We are here shown first-hand the reality of trench warfare: trenches built on the bodies of the dead and reinforced by them too.
The cinematography throughout the film has a focus on the strong strokes of light that come with the beginning of each day. However, somehow the dread simply increases with the dawning of each day, which has an incredible emotional effect. Director Saul Dibb excels in staying true to the reality of the conflict – we see boys who cannot yet shave awkwardly holding guns while asking for their mothers. Raleigh, in their innocence and lack of knowledge, is a stand in for all those boys fresh from school, playing dress up, thrown into a world they should never have been part of.
The horror of Captain Stanhope at the arrival of the innocent and naïve Lieutenant Raleigh works as an echo of our own dismay and agony over the many young men just like Raleigh that were sent to the slaughter without even knowing what they had signed up for. Stanhope acts as the everyman in this moment; they have been beaten down by the war and is suffering greatly due to PTSD, and now they have the guilt of yet another young life that has come to follow them into the darkness. Sam Clafin strides ahead in their complex portrayal of the struggle and the agony of Captain Stanhope, a character plagued by hallucinations. However, the true star that steals each moment is Paul Bettany's Lieutenant ‘Uncle' Osborne who, with such gentle and genuine heart, comforts and guides the other men. With their humble temperance and utterly compelling acceptance of the foreboding future to help support the agonising souls around him, they act as the moral centre of the film.
Something unique that stands out about the Journey's End is that there are no great heroes to save the soldiers – they are alone. It is not a heroic or glorious war film. Rather, we know that the young men at the front are futile sacrifices, and in this the film relishes. It is rough and harrowing watching them go through it, but it carries a message that is perhaps more potent than that of other recent war films: this is a film that shows us the humans behind this historical event, and in turn one which humanises the countless dead. We know them, we are there in the trenches with them and we acknowledge them.
In the end, we are witness to the shadows of the nameless men who fought, who were given the false hope that every action will end the war, that each sacrifice of life will end the war. But their deaths are too frequent, too common and too wasteful. The film succeeds at keeping the spirit of Sherriff's play and, ultimately, the spirit of the conflict. Those men that died did indeed, at such a high personal cost, “put on a good show” for people they would never know.
Image: Lionsgate
It's finally here. After much anticipation, Dunedin has joined the ranks of other modern cities around the globe as ride-share company Uber launches today.
Dunedin got its first taste of the company with the Uber Eats launch on May 18.
Uber has followed that up by launching its main transport service in Dunedin today which will then be joined by the launch of the Queenstown service next Thursday.
Uber spokesperson Nicky Preston said they were delighted with the response the company had received from drivers - particularly in Dunedin.
Advertisement
The San Francisco-based company has been operating in this country for four years and has about 5000 registered drivers, although its New Zealand enterprise has been restricted so far to four North Island cities and Christchurch.
By expanding into Dunedin and Queenstown, Uber aims to alleviate pressure on existing taxi services during weekends and major events such as rugby games.
Uber launched in Dunedin and the surrounding area. Photo / Uber
Dunedin and Queenstown will be the sixth and seventh cities in New Zealand where the ride service is available.
Before last October, the $2000 cost of obtaining a passenger endorsement, which allows a driver to become a ride-sharing driver, was beyond reach for many.
But government changes to the New Zealand Land Transport Bill meant it now cost $82.70 for a P-endorsement licence, $53 for a vehicle certificate of fitness, plus the cost of a medical check.
Each Uber driver needed to pass a background check, be insured, be able to be tracked by GPS, and hold accreditation.
What is Uber?
• A ride-sharing app that can be downloaded to a smartphone.
•Customers enter their destination and using GPS, the app finds free drivers close by.
•An estimate of the fare is shown on the phone before the ride is accepted.
•All the driver's information is available, including vehicle registration.
•Payment is made online by credit card so no cash is needed.
•Once the ride is over, both the passenger and the driver can rate each other.
Lisa Wolter, Executive Director of Komen Orange County and Travis Benjamin
Contact
Alvina Olivier
HKA Marketing Communications
***@hkamarcom.com Alvina OlivierHKA Marketing Communications
End
-- For the 26year,, will unite thousands of supporters, breast cancer survivors and advocates on Sunday, Sept. 24, at Newport Beach's Fashion Island. Komen Orange County is excited to announce a partnership with the Los Angeles Chargers, who will raise awareness and funds through the creation of team Chargers for the Cure. Travis Benjamin, wide receiver and return specialist has been named Honorary Race Chair. Benjamin has been personally impacted by breast cancer: their mother, grandmother and aunt have all fought the battle against this disease.Themed "Be More Than Pink," this year's race encourages participants to do more: to fundraise and to get more involved! The nonprofit's goal is to raise $2 million at Race for the Cure to fund Komen's Bold Goal to reduce the current number of breast cancer deaths in the U.S. by 50 percent by 2026. Funds raised will support expanding access to cancer care for the underserved population and research focusing on aggressive breast cancer types and metastatic disease.A special tribute will honor Robin Pollok, who performed the National Anthem at the event since 2000 but this past year lost their third battle to breast cancer. Pollok's 17-year-old daughter, Emily, will perform at the event in place of their mother, who despite their numerous surgeries, radiation and chemotherapy treatments, never missed a race.Komen Orange County's first male chair, Doug McKay, community grant and giving chair for Macy's Orange County, will serve as the Race Chair for the fourth consecutive year. Having lost their wife to cancer at age 27, they carry a deep understanding and passion for the mission of this event."On any given day in Orange County, at least five women will be diagnosed with breast cancer and one will die from the disease. For many of them, it does not have to be so. Early detections and treatments can save their lives," says McKay. "It's one thing to be aware of breast cancer, it's another to do something about it. We're very thankful for the thousands of people who participate in the race, who make pink so much more than a color by cheering for our cause, donating and raising funds!"The Race for the Cure is open to participants of all ages and skill levels, who are welcome to run, walk or stroll the course. For early birds, the first 5K begins at 7:15 a.m. with a "PLUS Timing Chip" option for those who plan to run the course. The Kids One-Mile Fun Run & Walk presented by Knott's Berry Farm begins at 8 a.m., and a second 5K will begin at 9:45 a.m. for those who prefer a more relaxed pace. At 8:45 a.m., thousands of survivors will fill the steps of the Pacific Life Insurance Building after the Breast Cancer Survivor Parade, followed by the Survivor Tribute – a memorable and moving ceremony highlighted by the national anthem and the release of white doves to recognize survivors and pay tribute to those who lost their battle to the disease.Race attendees also will have the opportunity to explore the Whole Health Expo. New this year, all registered participants are invited to visit the "Orange Zone" hosted by Orangetheory Fitness to receive a 12-minute High Intensity Interval Training workout."Last year alone, Komen Orange County was able to assist more than 16,000 Orange County residents with their breast health needs," said Lisa Wolter, Executive Director of Susan G. Komen Orange County. "The funds we raise at Race for the Cure are capital for the success of our mission of saving lives and ensuring that all people, regardless of race, income, geographic location, sexual orientation or insurance status, have access to screening and to quality, effective treatment and treatment support services."General registration for adults is $35; breast cancer survivors, $30; youth under 18, $15; and day-of registration, $40 for all participants. The Komen-branded "PLUS Timing Chip," available for an additional $5 donation in the 7:15 a.m. race, allows competitive runners to show off their skills by tracking their times on a scoreboard. Those who can't attend can still participate by registering as a Virtual Participant for $45 and receive a T-shirt and race bib by mail.include The Allergan Foundation, Chevron, and Knott's Berry Farm. Theare ABC7, Pacific Life Insurance Company (Home of the Race), Ralph's and Food for Less.are First American Title Insurance Company, Hot Ticket Racing, and Carol and Becky Burch.Seventy-five percent of funds raised, stay in Orange County and provide breast health education, screening, and treatment for uninsured or underinsured community members. The other 25 percent raised benefits Komen research and scientific grant programs, which support groundbreaking breast cancer research.Participants can register individually or as a team at http://www.komenoc.org/ race Susan G. Komen is the world's largest breast cancer organization, funding more breast cancer research than any other nonprofit while providing real-time help to those facing the disease. Komen has set a Bold Goal to reduce the current number of breast cancer deaths by 50 percent in the U.S. by 2026. Komen was founded in 1982 by Nancy G. Brinker, who promised their sister, Susan G. Komen, that they would end the disease that claimed Suzy's life. Komen Orange County is working to better the lives of those that face breast cancer in the local community. Through events like the Orange County Race for the Cure®, Komen Orange County has invested more than $38 million in community breast health programs and has helped contribute to the more than $920 million invested globally in researchFor more information, call 714-957-9157 or visit komenoc.org.
Firefighters are still on the scene of an incident in Pateley Bridge, which has affected motorists, school students and local businesses.
Witness have reported four fire engines and some 20 firefighters dealing with an incident at The Barker Partnership accountancy firm on the High Street today, April 24.
The High Street has now been re-opened after crews cordoned off the area.
Local business owner, Kirsty Shepherd, said: "I was at home with my partner who is a Retained Firefighter at Summerbridge when their pager alerted them to respond to an incident at around 7.30am.
"I have a local High Street business, so when I went to it at about 7.45am, I saw that the Summerbridge fire crew including my partner were at the Barker Partnership."
They added: "There are four appliances from what I can see, I can't tell you how many firefighters there are, there's quite a lot, I'd say at least 20."
The scene on Pateley High Street.
Paul Kendall of Kendall T & Sons butchers said they called the fire service at around 7.15am after the firm's alarm system went off and they could see smoke coming up from the cellar.
Owner of The Oldest Sweet Shop, Keith Tordoff said the building appeared to have mostly just suffered smoke damage, as they could see blackened windows but they were not broken.
But the safety cordon had meant that school children could not be dropped off at their usual spot on the High Street.
Kirsty said: "I went past some of the people from the Barker Partnership, they looked understandably upset and the school kids have had to be dropped off a bit further away because there was no way the bus could get down the High Street."
North Yorkshire Police and North Yorkshire Fire and Rescue have been contacted for more information.
EMPHASIZING their trust and confidence in the Philippine economy under the helm of President Rodrigo Duterte, China's Ambassador to Manila Zhao Jianhua says Beijing is a “great partner” for Manila. “I am more confident and optimistic about the future of the Philippine economy because of trust,” they say Friday at The 5th Business Forum, organized by The Manila Times, in Davao City.
Zhao, who says China wants emergency powers granted to Duterte so that infrastructure projects to be funded by Beijing would be fast-tracked and completed before the latter's term ends in 2022, takes note of the Philippines as being the fastest-growing economy in all of Asia, with a 6.8-percent GDP growth in 2016, exceeding even that of China's 6.7 percent, as compared to Vietnam's 6.2 percent and Indonesia's 5 percent.
Speaking before the forum dubbed “The Philippine Economic Outlook for 2017: Peace Toward Sustainable Prosperity,” held at the Marco Polo Hotel, Zhao says the Filipino people are their country's “treasure and unique strength,” citing their perseverance, diligence, and industriousness. “The Philippines is also rich in natural resources and human dividends,” they say, which, coupled with the further promotion of trade and investments, as well as impressive economic performance, would breed further success.
In a presentation titled “The Philippine Economy and the Belt and Road Initiatives,” Zhao mentions some challenges, however, like infrastructure bottleneck, which, they say, could alleviate poverty if addressed well, as well as the lack of ample investments in rural development. This is where China comes in as a great partner, they say, as Beijing has committed to provide Manila $6 billion in soft loans and another $3-billion credit line with the Bank of China. They also say the two countries are talking about “cooperation programs” involving railways, roads, bridges, and agricultural support, among other infrastructure projects.
“We will try to finish a number of influencing infrastructure programs within the next three to five years,” says Zhao, who emphasizes China's fear of funding infra projects with and in the Philippines that would not be completed before Duterte stepped down. “We have to get it done within the presidential term,” they say at the Feb. 10 forum. “We might be stuck there,” they add, referring to the issue of emergency powers. “I think that's one of the top priorities as far as infrastructure projects are concerned.”
Zhao says that when the Philippine Cabinet delegation, led by Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez 3rd, visited China last year, it proposed a total of 40 infrastructure projects, 15 of which would be financed externally while the other 25 would need support for feasibility studies. Three of the said 40 projects have already been identified, namely, the $53.6-million Chico River Pump Irrigation Project, in Cagayan and Kalinga; the $373-million New Centennial Water Source-Kaliwa Dam Project, in Rizal; and the South Line of the North-South Railway from Manila to Legaspi City which is about 653 kilometers.
“We are ready to grant assistance to construct bridges across the Pasig River, to ease traffic congestion in Metro Manila,” Zhao says, referring to nine projects (out of those proposed for feasibility-studies assistance) that aim to interconnect the Philippines' main island groups, boost tourism, construct flood-control system, and ensure a stable power supply in Mindanao.
Zhao says China expects for an early implementation of these projects for the benefit of the Filipino people. They add that Beijing and Manila are now working to draw up a guideline that would ensure transparency in carrying out the projects smoothly and in accordance with laws. “We will work together to enhance cooperation in areas such as trade and tourism,” they vow, adding that in 2016, bilateral trade between the two countries grew 3.4 percent to $47.2 billion, while China's bilateral trade with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) slipped by 4.1 percent. They add that last year, China had the third-largest number of citizens that visited the Philippines as tourists. “We expect 1 million Chinese-tourist arrivals in the Philippines by the end of 2017,” Zhao says.
As a great partner, Zhao says China is also prepared to strengthen cooperation with the Philippines in the fields of MSMEs or micro, small and medium enterprises, energy, and electronic products, among other business ventures. They add, “We are actively exploring the possibility of establishing industrial parks in the Philippines, and we will send working groups to conduct feasibility studies …”
* * *
ZHAO JIANHUA
Ambassador, Embassy of the People's Republic of China in the Philippines
HAVING served their country over the past 26 years, Zhao was a counsellor, deputy director-general at the Department of Asian Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA), in Beijing, between 2003 and 2007, as well as at the Chinese embassy in Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in 2001. In 1999, they were First Secretary of the Chinese embassy in Thailand.
Zhao's immediate-past assignment was in the Republic of Liberia.
Zamboanga City strafing injures 8 people
ZAMBOANGA CITY – Gunmen opened fire on a provincial bus and wounding 8 people in Zamboanga City in southern Philippines, police said Wednesday.
Police said the strafing occurred before midnight Tuesday on the highway, but it was unclear who were behind the daring attack.
Investigators said the bus, owned by Rural Transit of Mindanao, was heading to Pagadian City in Zamboanga del Sur province when it came under fire. It was carrying 34 passengers.
The driver, Celedonio Sugabo, nearly missed a volley of gunfire directed at him, but bullets hit the passengers seated behind.
The attackers continued firing their automatic weapons as the driver struggled to bring the bus away from the line of fire until it reached a marine checkpoint in Muti village about one kilometer from Buenavista village where the ambush occurred.
Initial police report said at least 5 people were involved in the latest attack. The wounded passengers were rushed to hospital in Zamboanga City. Police released the names of the victims as Noel Lopez, 45; John Baynosa, 36; Jaman Alam, 53; Ednalia Gilla, 20; Raniel Abeng, 22; Christopher Cagan, 27; George Elnas, 35; and Genevie Lopez, 35.
City police chief Luisito Magnaye said they were investigating the strafing. “We are still investigating this incident whether it was in retaliation to our law enforcement operations against lawless group or other motives,” they said.
No individual or claimed responsibility for the strafing, but 90 percent of the highway – linking Zamboanga City to nearby provinces – has no street lights and security remains a big problem for travellers and motorists because of threats of attacks from rebels and armed robberies blamed by authorities to bandit groups. (Mindanao Examiner)
Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on: http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http://mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives: issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
309 total views, 309 views today
Local mothers host 350 for a family holiday brunch, activities and fundraising
End
-- Local children and their families celebrated the holidays with a visit from an African-American Santa Claus at a joyful annual event in Plano on Saturday. The 26Annual Breakfast with Santa – a Family Holiday Experience is presented by the Jack and Jill of America, Inc., North Suburban Dallas chapter.The brunch event is one of the only opportunities in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex to meet an African-American Santa and it has become a favorite with families. Proceeds from the fundraiser benefit Minnie's Food Pantry in Plano and the Jack and Jill Foundation.Families attending the event took photos with Santa, enjoyed holiday entertainment, kids' activities and crafts, a Christmas train, silent auction and a teen lounge as well as other Christmas delights. Breakfast with Santa is the annual signature event for the North Suburban Dallas chapter, which has 72 members in Plano, Allen, Richardson, Carrollton and other local communities.Jack and Jill of America, Inc. is a national organization of African American mothers founded in 1938. In addition to the chapter's members and leadership, Consuella Guillory-Adams, Regional Director, South Central Region and Sativa Leach-Bowen, Member At Large for the region, attended the event.One of the highlights of the program were inspirational messages shared by Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson from the 30District of Texas and Chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressman Cedric Richmond from the 2nd District of Louisiana in the United States House of RepresentativesAbout the event, Congresswoman Johnson, who was a member of Jack and Jill, said, "This setting is beautiful and important … With what you're doing, you'll make a difference in the future of our nation, because you're investing in our children."Congressman Richmond encouraged the youth and teens at the event to use their intellect and access to technology to be leaders. "You all have the ability to achieve things that we never could have … We need you to have what Jack and Jill teaches you – compassion – find it in your hearts to do the things that we haven't been able to do."Compassion and service are key components of the chapter, which recently held a special holiday event and toy giveaway for families at Minnie's Food Pantry."We are grateful for all of the efforts by this Jack and Jill chapter to help us provide healthy meals and support to families in our community," said Cheryl Jackson, founder of Minnie's Food Pantry.The chapter has an ongoing relationship with the pantry, which includes regular volunteer service by mothers and teen members; fundraising;donations to Camille's Kids Program bags (healthy and fun snacks provided to children who visit the pantry); and supporting literacy efforts through book donations to the pantry's "Read to Feed" program."The mothers who started our chapter had the vision to create this fun and culturally relevant holiday experience,"said Seleste Sully, president of NSDJJ. "Our current mother members are proud to continue the tradition and continue giving back to the families and children in our community.###The North Suburban Dallas chapter ( https://nsdjnj.clubexpress.com/ ) is one of more than 230 chapters of Jack and Jill of America, Incorporated, a national membership organization founded in 1938. The chapter is comprised of members who live in Plano, Allen, Richardson, Carrollton and other communities in the northern suburbs. Chapter members with children ages 2-19 are dedicated to nurturing future African-American leaders by strengthening children through leadership development, volunteer service, philanthropic giving and civic duty. Members plan annual programming activities under the national theme: The Power to Make a Difference. Locally the chapter hosts events, fundraisers, and donation drives to benefit all children in the community.Minnie's Food Pantry ( https://www.minniesfoodpantry.org/ ) was founded by Dr. Cheryl "Action" Jackson to honor their mother, the late Minnie Hawthorne-Ewing D.D. on April 1, 2008. With a mission to provide healthy meals and resources by way of red carpet treatment to those in need, Minnie's Food Pantry has since distributed over six million meals to families experiencing food insecurity.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Fed raises rates, unveils cuts to bond holdings in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Sports cars will motor along to Newby Hall on Sunday May 6 for the 10th Sports Cars in the Park event.
The event proves a popular draw and last year attracted more than 870 cars and 5,000 visitors.
Modern, classic, vintage and cult car marques will be on display including well-known models from Lamborghini, Aston Martin, Ferrar, TVR, Maserati, Porsche, Jaguar and BMW.
Stuart Gill, Commercial Director said: “We're delighted to be hosting Sports Cars in the Park again this year.
“Newby really is the perfect setting to show off these superb engines to their best advantage.
“Last year broke all records with unprecedented numbers of both exhibitors and visitors so we're hoping for great things this year.”
The event brings together large and small car clubs as well as individual enthusiasts who are happy to chat to visitors about their highly prized cars - making the event a must for all car aficionados.
Gates open 10am-4pm, adults £12.25 and children £9.25. The admission price includes entry into the event and to the gardens, including the adventure playground.
For more information go to www.newbyhall.com
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
REPSOL
Repsol has proposed a complementary gross dividend of 0.45 euros per share against 2016 earnings
REIG JOFRE
Laboratorio Reig Jofre said on Thursday it has opened a new analytical laboratory of development and quality control in its sustainable installations in Sant Joan Despi, Barcelona.
SANTANDER
Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc has agreed to pay $25.9 million to resolve investigations by the attorneys general in Massachusetts and Delaware into its financing and securitization of sub-prime auto loans.
For today's European market outlook double-click on.
For real-time moves on the Spanish blue-chip index IBEX please double-click on
For IBEX constituent stocks highlight .IBEX in the command box and press the F3 button on your keyboard
For latest news on Spanish stock moves double click
For Spanish language market report double click on
For latest Eurostocks report please double-click on
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Godrej Properties Ltd:
* APPROVES RE-APPOINTMENT OF MOHIT MALHOTRA AS MD & CEO Source text - bit.ly/2E61AMZ Further company coverage:
May 2 Devon Energy Corp
* Devon Energy announces $1 billion divestiture plan
* Devon Energy Corp - Devon expects to commence divestiture program in Q2 of 2017
* Devon Energy Corp - Expects to complete sale process over next 12 to 18 months
* Devon Energy Corp - Company plans to deploy divestiture proceeds toward its U.S. resource plays
* Devon Energy Corp - Non-core divestiture plan is also expected to accelerate Devon's transition to higher-margin production
* Devon Energy Corp - Divestiture program among others places co firmly on track to achieve production growth targets in 2017 and 2018
* Devon Energy Corp - Intent to divest approximately $1 billion of upstream assets across its portfolio
* Devon energy corp - non-core assets identified for monetization include select portions of barnett shale focused primarily around Johnson County
* Devon Energy Corp - Non-core assets identified for monetization also include other properties located principally within company's U.S. resource base
* Devon Energy Corp - Company would evaluate strategic options for additional non-core asset sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MANILA Philippine government troops have killed a senior member of the Abu Sayyaf rebel group instrumental in a spree of bombings and kidnappings in the country's south, the military said on Saturday.
Alhabsy Misaya was killed in a shootout with marines on Friday in the province of Sulu, a stronghold of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to Islamic State and known for its kidnappings and beheading captives when ransom demands are not met.
The military said Misaya had been involved in violent activities for more than 15 years and was "considered to be one of the most notorious kidnappers in the southern Philippines".
Abu Sayyaf is a major concern for the Philippines and is showing no letup in its kidnappings, most of which target sailors from Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam. It has also taken Westerners captive, and last year decapitated two Canadians and in February, an elderly German.
The government says it is making inroads in crushing the rebels in a bid to arrest the piracy and prevent Islamic State from taking root in the restive region close to Indonesia and Malaysia.
(Reporting by Martin Petty; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City open their Championship campaign with a home match against Norwich City.
Garry Monk's men host the Canaries on Saturday, August 4 in an opening weekend which starts the evening before when Derby County visit Reading in a Friday evening kick-off.
Several changes have been made to the schedule, including the game with Reading, originally scheduled for October 24, will now be played on Tuesday, 23 October (7.45pm).
You can find the rest of the full Championship fixtures here .
The first away trip of the campaign affords Monk an early reunion with Middlesbrough as Blues travel to The Riverside on Saturday, August 11.
Coincidentally their first ever Blues match was against Boro and so too the opening away game in their first full season in charge is against the same opponents.
They will find some familiar faces in Birmingham's third game too, which sees Swansea City come to St Andrew's for a 7.45pm pm kick off on Friday, August 17.
Monk made their name as long-standing captain, League Cup winner, then rookie manager at the Liberty Stadium.
That match has been changed from its original date for TV coverage.
Blues' away game at Nottingham Forest has been put back and will now take place on Saturday, August 25 in 5.30pm kick-off.
Christmas sees two home games, Stoke City on Boxing Day and Brentford on December 29. The festive fixtures end with a trip to Sheffield Wednesday on New Year's Day.
Blues end their campaign at Reading in a 12.30pm kick-off on Sunday, May 5, 2019 - for what will hopefully be a final day date with destiny for all the right reasons.
The visit of West Brom on September 15, is the first local derby of the campaign, while Blues visit Villa Park on November 24.
The return game is on March 9 with the short journey to The Hawthorns three weeks later.
Here's the full list, obviously subject to change.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
(Corrects first paragraph to Thursday instead of Wednesday)
By Brendan Pierson
April 6 An attorney defending Las Vegas sports gambler William "Billy" Walters against insider trading charges told jurors on Thursday that prosecutors introduced testimony about star golfer Phil Mickelson to cover up the weakness of their case.
In a closing argument in Manhattan federal court, lawyer Barry Berke said prosecutors brought in evidence about the golfer because they did not have enough evidence against Walters himself, likening it to "putty" used to patch holes in a wall.
Prosecutors say Walters made more than $40 million trading in Dean Foods Co stock based on insider information from former Dean Foods Chairman Tom Davis, and at one point passed a tip to Mickelson. The golfer agreed to pay back money they made trading Dean Foods stock but has not been accused of wrongdoing.
Berke attacked the credibility of Davis, who testified that they passed inside information to Walters for years. Davis has pleaded guilty to insider trading charges and is cooperating with prosecutors.
Prosecutors say that in return for insider tips, Davis received personal loans from Walters of more than $1 million.
Berke told jurors that Davis made up an elaborate lie to get a sweetheart deal for himself, "reverse engineering" records of their phone calls with Walters and Walters' trades to invent a pattern of insider trading.
Davis said they told Walters in advance about earnings reports and about a 2012 spinoff of part of Dean Foods' business.
Berke spent much of their argument pointing out what they said were inconsistencies between Davis's testimony and the timing of Walters' phone calls and trades.
They attacked Davis's testimony that Walters gave them a special phone to talk about Dean Foods at a meeting at Dallas Love Field, an airfield in Dallas. Berke said flight records for Walters' plane did not fit Davis's account.
"It doesn't hold together like the truth," Berke said of Davis's testimony.
In a rebuttal, Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel Goldman acknowledged that Davis, by their own admission, had lied repeatedly, not only while being investigated for insider trading but about stealing from a charity they ran and about marital infidelities.
But Goldman said Davis's testimony fit the record of phone calls and trades, despite some inconsistencies.
"Tom Davis was asked to recall a years-long conspiracy," Goldman said. "He did their best to remember what they could."
The case is U.S. v. Davis et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-00338. (Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
LONDON, April 20 (IFR) - Nomura has appointed Adekunle Ademakinwa as head of credit debt syndicate for EMEA, it said in a statement on Thursday.
IFR reported that Ademakinwa had left Deutsche Bank in January, where they were a director on the FIG debt syndicate desk.
Ademakinwa, who started at Nomura on Tuesday, is based in London and reports to Nick Dent, head of debt syndicate for EMEA and Asia, excluding Japan.
They will be responsible for structuring, pricing and executing debt and capital transactions for financial institutions, corporates and emerging markets issuers.
(Reporting by Alice Gledhill; Editing by Philip Wright)
BERLIN Thousands of people in Berlin turned out for the first March for Science being held in more than 600 cities worldwide on Saturday due to growing concern about U.S. President Donald Trump's climate change scepticism and cuts to research funding.
Demonstrators carried signs reading "We love experts - those with evidence" and "Science not Silence" for the march from Humboldt University toward the Brandenburg Gate, led by mayor Michael Mueller and the leaders of the city's universities.
"There are no alternatives to facts," read one large banner, referencing a term used by White House official Kellyanne Conway during a dispute with the media over the size of the crowd at Trump's inauguration.
The marchers also stopped briefly at the Hungarian embassy to protest a new Hungarian law that has threatened to close a university funded by financier George Soros.
Organisers said 11,000 people took part in the event, which they said aimed to highlight the importance of science and evidence-based knowledge in democracies.
"We Berliners know from our own history what the repression of freedom means. That is why we have a particular responsibility to mobilise for free science and an open and tolerant society," Mueller told marchers.
The march, timed to coincide with Earth Day, comes after moves by Trump to cut funding to the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Institutes of Health.
"Science is necessary. In my opinion empirical science is the key to progress by the culture and civilisation we have developed," marcher Hagen Esterberg told Reuters TV.
Maria Pohle said they joined the march to show support "for the science which is not only threatened in America, but also in Europe and everywhere in the world."
(Reporting by Reuters TV and Andrea Shalal; Editing by Helen Popper)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Repeats with no changes to text)
By Alexandra Alper and Norihiko Shirouzu
MEXICO CITY/BEIJING, April 5 Chinese automaker Great Wall Motor Co Ltd is considering building an auto plant in two Mexican states hit by U.S. President Donald Trump's drive to make American companies invest at home, sources said.
Great Wall Motor, which describes itself as China's largest SUV and pickup manufacturer, is interested in building a plant in Nuevo Leon in northern Mexico or the central state of San Luis Potosi, three people familiar with the matter said.
Under pressure from Trump to keep jobs in the United States, Ford Motor Co in January canceled a $1.6 billion plant in San Luis Potosi, while heating and air conditioning firm Carrier in December scaled back plans to move production to Nuevo Leon.
Great Wall Motor officials met with Mexico's top railroad firms, Ferrocarril Mexicano (Ferromex), part of Grupo Mexico , as well as Kansas City Southern de Mexico , to evaluate the states' connectivity, according to a source and two documents seen by Reuters.
One of the sources said the company was in direct talks with Nuevo Leon's government.
Another source said the automaker was also eyeing a U.S.-based plant but gave no further detail on locations.
A senior Great Wall Motor executive, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the choice between U.S. and Mexican locations would depend on trade issues involving the United States, Mexico and China.
Great Wall Motor and Ferromex did not immediately respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for Kansas City Southern de Mexico confirmed Great Wall Motor officials met the company, but declined to provide further details.
A pledge by the Chinese firm could bolster Mexico's efforts to reduce dependence on U.S. trade and investment as Trump threatens to rip up the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and rails against U.S. firms moving jobs south.
China, a low-cost manufacturing rival to Mexico, has traditionally invested little in Latin America's second largest economy. But there are signs that could be changing.
In February, China's Anhui Jianghuai Automobile (JAC Motor) and distributor Chori Company unveiled plans with a firm part-owned by Mexican tycoon Carlos Slim to invest over $200 million in a car plant in the central state of Hidalgo.
According to one of the sources, construction on the Great Wall Motor plant could get underway next year and cost about $500 million. It would produce some 250,000 autos a year for the American and Mexican markets and seek to use Chinese inputs, the person added. (Additional reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu and Jake Spring in Beijing and Anthony Esposito, Adriana Barrera, and Gabriel Stargardter in Mexico City; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
LISBON, March 29 Portugal's Caixa Economica Montepio Geral, Portugal's third largest listed bank, is set to post its first profit in 2017 after three years of losses, chief executive Jose Felix Morgado said on Wednesday.
Morgado also told Reuters in an interview that the bank does not "at this moment" need to raise capital.
Caixa reported on Wednesday a 2016 full-year net loss of 86.5 million euros.
Morgado said the bank now expected to turn around three years of losses.
"Our ambition, our expectation, is to reach positive results in 2017 and the development of the results until the middle of March confirm that expectation, due to growth in our core banking products," Morgado told Reuters.
Caixa's results have been weighed down in the past few years by non-performing loans and exposure to the real estate and construction sectors, which have still not fully recovered from the country's debt crisis.
The bank has cut costs sharply in the past year, including by pruning its branch network in 2016 by 100 to 327. The bank has sold 1,938 properties and is negotiating the sale of a portfolio of non-performing loans for around 1 billion euros.
"The implementation of various measures will allow us to meet our capital ratio requirements," they said. "At this moment, there is no need for a cash call."
(Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Axel Bugge, editing by David Evans)
Show full video transcript text
[00:00:00] Although washing your car sounds simple enough, most of the scratches on your paint are created during improper washing. These 10 tools will help you minimize scratching, clean deeper, and spend less time on your Sunday wash. The bug sponge is a secret weapon of car washing that rarely comes out unless absolutely necessary. This sponge is designed to remove stuck contaminants such as bugs and tar stains without damaging the paint. Keep it in the bottom of your wash bucket and only use it when needed.[00:00:30] Number nine is the waffle-weave glass towel. These specialized microfiber towels are designed specifically for glass. They absorb and clean due to their low pile, or fibers. Notice the difference in fiber length between glass towels and paint towels. Glass towels should not be used on the paint. Number eight is the clay bar. The trick is to clay your paint during the wash process to utilize the water and soap lubrication already present on your paint. However, do not automatically use it with every wash.[00:01:00] Only clay your paint when it feels rough to the touch. Number seven is the Merino, or lambswool wash mitts. These types of wash mitts are used to agitate and lift dirt from the surface of your paint, which minimizes scratching that may occur from grinding the particles into your clear coat. Sponges, towels, and brushes push the dirt across your paint and leave scratches as a result. At number six, we have compressed air, or an electric blower.[00:01:30] After properly drying your paint with microfibers towels and drying agents, there always seems to be water hidden in your mirrors, lights, door jams, wiper blinds, door handles, lug nut holes, and so on, that drip out and ruin your freshly clean car . Compressed air will push the remaining water out so it can be scooped up with a microfiber towel and not drip down the side of your door or up onto your windshield. If you don't have access to a compressor, there are electric blowers that create similar pressure to force the water out of tight spots for far less cost.[00:02:00] Number five is the wheel woolie. The wheel woolie allows you to clean the back of the rim with ease. The handle is plastic so there's no fear of scratching the wheel as it passes through the spokes. They come in various sizes for large or tight areas such as the caliper or on the exhaust tip. Number four, the rinse bucket. The extra rinse bucket is an extremely easy and affective technique used to remove dirt from your wash mitt. This bucket only contains water and no soap.[00:02:30] After washing the paint, your mitt is gonna be full of dirt. Dunk the dirty mitt into the clean water to remove the grit before re-dunking in your soap bucket and wiping the paint again. This will help minimize the washing swirls that may occur. Number three, the foam cannon. This is a device that attaches to your hose or pressure washer. By filling the cartridge with soap, the cannon mixes air, water, and the soap to create incredible suds that coat the paint and gently carry away the heavy dirt without scratching the surface prior to hand-washing.[00:03:00] Number two is the grit guard and washboard. The grit guard is a plastic device that fits on the bottom of your wash and rinse buckets. The holes are designed to allow dirt to pass through and get trapped on the bottom, minimizing the chance of getting reintroduced to the paint. Likewise, the fins on the bottom trap the dirt from traveling back upwards as you dunk your mitt. The washboards attach to the grit guards giving the detailer an area to scrub their mitt clean after each section of washing.[00:03:30] At number one is the microfiber towel. Microfiber towels come in various sizes, pile height, or density, referred to as GSM, or grams per square meter. Window towels are typically in the range of 200 to 250 GSM while paint and interior should not exceed 350 to 400 GSM. Every detailer should have at least three types of towels in various colors to designate specific usage.[00:04:00] For example, red 350 GSM towels are only used for the paint, while green is only used for interior plastics, blue for the door jams, and so on. This will help avoid cross contamination and potential scratching. Likewise, proper microfiber towels are critical to drying your paint safely and without installing love marks. Ironically, microfiber itself is used in almost every aspect of the car detail, from washing, drying, scrubbing, and even compounding and polishing your paint. There is no doubt that the microfiber towel has changed the way we detail our cars forever.[00:04:30] These 10 tools are essential to safe and scratch-free cleaning. If you found this video helpful, please share and keep up with all the latest videos by liking or subscribing to the Autoblog page. I'm Larry Kosilla from ammonyc.com. We'll see you next time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included BouMatic Robotics, DeLaval, GEA, Lely, Hokofarm, SA Christensen, SA Christensen, Dairy Australia, Fabdec, FutureDairy, Merlin AMS, Milkwell Milking Systems, SAC, MiRobot Trendlines, Vansun Technologies.
The Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-robotic-milking-systems-rms-market/10149/#requestforsample
The Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market Products Type Segmentation : Standalone Units, Multiple Stall Units, Rotary Units.
Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market Applications Segmentation : Herd Size below 100, Herd Size between 100 and 1,000, Herd Size above 1,000.
Key Highlights of the Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-robotic-milking-systems-rms-market/10149/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Robotic Milking Systems (RMS) market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Demonstrators take part in a protest calling for the removal of South Africa's President Jacob Zuma, in Cape Town, South Africa April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Sumaya Hisham
Demonstrators take part in a protest calling for the removal of South Africa's President Jacob Zuma, in Pretoria, South Africa April 7, 2017. REUTERS/James Oatway
Demonstrators take part in a protest calling for the removal of South Africa's President Jacob Zuma in Durban. REUTERS/Rogan Ward
JOHANNESBURG South African President Jacob Zuma on Monday accused some protesters of racism after marches last week that drew tens of thousands of people demanding their resignation, while the opposition announced plans for a new protest.
More than 60,000 people marched in South African cities on Friday in largely peaceful protests to demand Zuma quit after a cabinet reshuffle set off the latest crisis of their presidency.
Speaking at a memorial to commemorate the 24th anniversary of the assassination of anti-apartheid and Communist Party leader Chris Hani - whose murder led to nationwide riots - Zuma said South Africa had not yet built a non-racial society decades after white-minority rule ended in 1994.
In their first public response to the protests, Zuma said they "demonstrated that racism is real" in South Africa.
"Many placards and posters displayed beliefs that we thought had been buried in 1994, with some posters depicting black people as baboons," the president said.
"It is clear that some of our white compatriots regard black people as being lesser human beings or sub-human."
A mixed racial profile of people attended the rallies. Police said about 60,000 people took part in the marches in the major cities.
Opposition leader Mmusi Maimane, head of the Democratic Alliance (DA), which has strong support among white people, had called for a march in Johannesburg, and held a rally of more than 10,000 people.
In the capital Pretoria, about 15,000 people gathered in a field outside the Union Buildings, the site of Zuma's offices, in a march led by civil society group SaveSA. Other marches were held in Cape Town, Durban and other parts of the country.
Maimane's spokesperson Mabine Seabe said of Zuma's comments: "He cannot argue based on policy and is trying to distract from the issues by using race as a scapegoat."
Zuma's spokesperson Bongani Ngqulunga also said there were posters in Pretoria that depicted black people as baboons. Ngqulunga sent a picture to Reuters that has been used on Twitter showing a Zuma caricature.
Some placards during the protests used vulgar language against Zuma, Reuters witnesses said.
"It's been proven before that if you place a racial bombshell in a conversation it clouds the issues," said Gwen Ngwenya, the chief operating officer of the South African Institute of Race Relations in Johannesburg.
"It's an effective spin strategy that's very shrewd ... because it plays on historical racial tensions in South Africa."
NEW PROTEST
The DA, the ultra-left Economic Freedom Fighters and other smaller parties announced a new protest march dubbed "National Day of Action" on Wednesday at the Union Buildings, the seat of government, aimed at drumming up support for a no-confidence motion against the president in parliament on April 18.
The African National Congress, which has a commanding majority in parliament, has said its members would vote against the motion.
Zuma's sacking of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle on March 31 has outraged allies and opponents alike, undermined their authority and caused rifts in the ANC, which has governed South Africa since the end of apartheid.
The rand has tumbled more than 11 percent since March 27, when Zuma ordered Gordhan to return home from overseas talks with investors, days before firing him.
Fitch on Friday followed S&P Global Ratings and downgraded South Africa to "junk", citing Gordhan's dismissal as one reason.
On Monday, Zuma said they had met Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba, the Governor of the South African Reserve Bank Lesetja Kganyago and Tom Moyane, the Commissioner of the South African Revenue Service, to discuss the impact of the credit rating downgrades and "how we should respond adequately."
Zuma reiterated plans to transform the economy to include more black people, who, they said, were passed up for promotions and had lower salaries than white people doing the same jobs.
"The majority of black people are still economically disempowered. They are dissatisfied with the limited economic gains from liberation," they said.
Black people make up 80 percent of the population, yet the lion's share of the economy in terms of ownership of land and companies remains in the hands of white people, who make up about 8 percent of the population.
(Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
April 20 Chengdu Guibao Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 1 yuan(before tax)/10 shares for 2016 to shareholders of record on April 26
* The company's shares will be traded ex-right and ex-dividend on April 27 and the dividend will be paid on April 27
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/RxqL5Z
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Voting 19-2, members of the Committee on Suffrage and Electoral Reforms at the House of Representatives approved the postponement of the barangay (village) and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK or youth council) elections scheduled in October this year.
The lawmakers proposed the electoral exercise be held in May 2018 with incumbent officials acting in a holdover capacity.
Rep. Sherwin Tugna of the Citizens' Battle Against Corruption Party-list, who heads the panel, said a measure that seeks to postpone the village polls may be passed this month.
The League of Barangay supported the postponement, according to its National President, Edmund Abesamis.
Marinduque Rep. Lord Allan Velasco moved for the consolidation of the five bills on the postponement of the elections.
ACT Teachers Party-list Rep. Antonio Tinio however expressed dismay that only the position of officials were heard.
“What we want is for other sectors to be heard also, especially the citizens. We have citizen groups here. This is the second postponement already, is it right to postpone it again? The cited reason is the drug problem, is postponing the election anew the solution to that? Is it not that the right approach is to sue those who should be sued then remove them?” they said.
Senate President Aquilino Pimentel 3rd on Monday said the upper chamber “has no choice” but to pass in September a measure postponing the barangay elections and allowing current local officials to remain in their posts.
The Commission on Elections (Commission) said that at least P1 billion will be lost if the village elections will be postponed.
“Postponement with holdover. It's less controversial than postponement and appointment,” Pimentel said.
Senate Majority Leader Vicente Sotto 3rd filed Senate Bill 1469 seeking to extend the term of office of incumbent barangay officials to support the President's call to postpone the local polls.
Pimentel also pressed the Executive branch to file charges against the barangay officials included in the supposed “drug list” submitted to the President.
“We will include in the measure the filing of administrative cases based on grave grounds. That will be the best compromise. We can give the executive what they want but we will give them some obligations to also act on these cases,” they said.
The Senate chief said the war on drugs should not serve as justification to repeatedly postpone the barangay elections.
with BERNADETTE E. TAMAYO
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenzhen Huiding Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS UNIT GOODIX TECHNOLOGY (HK) AGREES TO BUY GERMANY'S COMMSOLID GMBH Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DWHMIn Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
LONDON High yields and a benign global backdrop are keeping many investors engaged with Turkish bonds and stocks ahead of a crucial referendum, but the outlook is glum for this once favoured emerging economy.
Sunday's referendum will ask Turks if they want an executive presidency, which would grant President Tayyip Erdoğan wide-ranging powers and bring about one of the biggest changes in its system of governance since the modern republic was founded almost a century ago.
Many investors are nervous about the hotly contested vote which polls indicate may be too close to call. But they are more concerned about Turkey's economic outlook, dimmed by stalled reforms and armed conflicts along its southern borders.
Most are also sceptical about the government's view that a yes vote in the referendum will give Ankara a freer rein to implement reform
But they are reluctant to throw the towel in just yet.
Paul Greer, senior emerging market debt trader at Fidelity International in London, is one of those with a tactical overweight on Turkey, arguing that Turkish securities already implement many of the risks in their price.
The lira is one of the few emerging currencies to have weakened against the dollar this year:
tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
Greer said a yes vote would spark at least a brief rally.
"I don't think the market is heavily positioned in Turkish assets at the moment, which will be reflected in the market reaction," they said, adding that chances of a new election being called would rekindle uncertainty once the referendum is past.
"Then the market will start to refocus on Turkey's challenged fundamentals."
MAJOR DESTINATION
Turkey's sizeable bond market has long made it a major destination for emerging debt investors, while its well-managed companies and buoyant consumer demand lured equity funds. But asset allocation data is indicative of growing jitters in the run-up to the vote.
According to fund tracker EPFR, emerging debt funds had added exposure to Turkey by 0.2 percent since November, but were still underweight on aggregate.
JPMorgan's monthly client survey too showed investors underweight Turkish local debt in March. Foreigners held 16.7 percent of the market versus 17.7 percent a year ago and around 10 percentage points down from early-2013.
One such fund is Ashmore which has been bearish Turkey for a couple of years, though Jan Dehn, its head of research, says the asset manager continues to trade the debt "actively".
"Erdoğan will win the referendum and markets will like that because otherwise there is massive uncertainty," Dehn said. "But the way we approach Turkey is from an underweight position."
Equity investors were overweight Turkey as of February, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch. This may be down to the boost exporters will receive from lira weakness, and share valuations, which according to BAML, are 20 percent cheaper than historical averages.
But the overall overweight position is smaller than it was before a failed coup last July, BAML added.
SHORT-TERM PLAY
Keeping foreign investors sweet is crucial to plug Turkey's wide current account deficit which amounts to roughly $30 billion a year and is one of the largest in emerging markets: tmsnrt.rs/2fM78iH
Currently a quarter of that gap is filled by long-term bricks-and-mortar foreign direct investment, according to UBS estimates, compared to 80 percent a decade back.
One powerful catalyst that spurred reform and attracted investment in past years was the prospect that Turkey could some day join the European Union.
But relations have worsened and rhetoric terse since a crackdown following the failed coup last July. Erdoğan has also mooted a referendum on the death penalty, which could effectively end Ankara's membership bid.
Second, any post-referendum relief rally may be short lived as concerns resurface about the greater rein Erdoğan will have over institutions such as the judiciary, media and central bank.
But Aaron Grehan, Aviva Investors' deputy head of emerging market debt, says what happens to the dollar, Treasury yields and U.S. monetary policy will determine whether post-referendum Turkey continues to enjoy investor attention.
Yet these positions are likely to be tactical and short-term rather than conviction-based.
"There is no clear catalyst for positive economic development, so you have to make the distinction between an investment and a trade rationale," Grehan added.
(Additional reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Three years ago, Isaiah Auld had never swum a competitive meet. Going into the regional meet Friday, the Yukon sophomore had captured five school records for the Yukon boys swimming program.
“My mom just said they thought I could be good at swimming,” Auld said. “The only time I had really spent time swimming was in my grandma's pool.”
Auld heeded their mother's advice, and the 15-year-old gave swimming a shot with the high school swim team at Yukon.
“I knew I had a chance to be pretty good after the regional and state meet my first-year student year,” Auld said. “I had never really even watched swimming except for some in the Olympics. It came natural to me.”
Since taking the plunge into the swimming pool, Auld has been a highlight for Yukon. The sophomore has broken five school records, including the 50-yard freestyle, the 100-yard freestyle, the 200-freetyle, the 100-yard backstroke and the 200-yard individual medley. In the 50-yard freestyle, Auld's record time is 23.66 seconds, which was set on Dec. 2. The previous record was 24 seconds.
In the 100-yard freestyle, Auld's record time is 52.50 seconds, which was set on Jan. 18. The previous record was 55.08 seconds.
In the 200-yard freestyle, Auld's record time is 1:54.76, which was set Jan. 20. The previous record was 2:18.13.
In the 100-yard backstroke, Auld's record time is 59.79 seconds, which was set Jan. 20. The previous record was 1:07.76.
In the 200-yard individual medley, Auld's record time is 2:16.75, which was set Dec. 12. The previous record was 2:25.56.
“I knew I wanted to compete in the 50-free and the 100-free because that's what I swam last year,” Auld said. “I just wanted to show how much I improved. It feels good to break records, I would like to do more. We are having a good year so far as a team.”
Auld talked about their goals for the postseason, which are lofty.
“My goal for the regional is to qualify for the 50-free, the 100-free, the 200-free relay and 400-free relay,” Auld said. “At state, I want to place eighth or better in all of those events. I know it is not going to be easy though. I am going to have to swim some of my best times to accomplish those goals.”
Before their swimming career is done at Yukon, Auld said they want to accomplish a lot more.
“I want to break all of the records and break some state records,” Auld said. “I definitely want to swim in college. I need to improve my grades and get my strokes better.”
When they are not competing for the school, Auld is a member of the Bison Aquatic Club. They joined the club at the regional meet last year. In June, Auld went to Detroit with the club to compete in the Junior Olympics and won four medals.
“I just need to stay driven,” Auld said. “I need to get in the pool more, workout more and be better. Right now, I am in the pool five days a week but I need to do more than that.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mediobanca says:
* ECB AUTHORISES USE OF ADVANCED INTERNAL RATING-BASED MODELS TO MEASURE CAPITAL REQUISITES
* RESULT IS EQUIVALENT TO AN INCREASE OF AROUND 140 BASIS POINTS IN CET1 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
FRIDAY, JUNE 1
Midnight – Fine Man
1:30 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3 a.m. – The Sword of Justice
4:40 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
6:10 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
8 a.m. – The Pirates
9:50 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
11:30 a.m. –Dancing in Hawaii
1:10 p.m. – Restoration Fire
2:40 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
4:10 p.m. – Gassoh
5:40 p.m. – Fine Man
7:10 p.m. – Sister With Sister
8:40 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
10:10 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
11:50 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
SATURDAY, JUNE 2
1:20 a.m – Code Between Brothers: ll-New
2:50 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
5:30 a.m. – Yakuza Official
7:10 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
8:50 a.m. – In Blazing Love
11 a.m. – Gassoh
12:30 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
2 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
3:50 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
6:30 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
8 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
9:40 p.m. – In Blazing Love
11:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
SUNDAY, JUNE 3
1:20 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
3 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
4:40 a.m. – Restoration Fire
6:10 a.m. – The Pirates
8 a.m. – Sister With Sister
9:30 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:10 a.m. – Yakuza Official
12:50 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
2:20 p.m. – In Blazing Love
4:30 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
6:10 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
8:50 p.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
10:40 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
MONDAY, JUNE 4
12:20 a.m. – Fine Man
1:50 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3:20 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
5:10 a.m. – The Pirates
7 a.m. – Restoration Fire
8:30 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
10 a.m. – Yakuza Official
11:40 a.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
1:30 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
3 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
4:40 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
6:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
7:50 p.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
9:40 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
11:20 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
TUESDAY, JUNE 5
12:50 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
2:30 a.m. – The Pirates
4:20 a.m. – Sister With Sister
5:50 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
7:30 a.m. – Yakuza Official
9:10 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
10:50 a.m – Rainbow Over the Pacific
12:40 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
2:20 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
3:50 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
5:20 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
8 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
9:30 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
11:20 p.m. – Mother
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6
12:50 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
2:20 a.m. – In Blazing Love
4:30 a.m. – Fine Man
6 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
7:40 a.m. – Fire
9:10 a.m. – Sister With Sister
10:40 a.m. – Mother
12:10 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
2:50 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
4:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
5:50 p.m. – In Blazing Love
8 p.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
9:50 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
11:40 p.m. – Fine Man
THURSDAY, JUNE 7
1:10 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
2:40 a.m. – Sister With Sister
4:10 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
5:40 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
8:20 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
9:50 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
11:20 a.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
1:10 p.m. – The Hawk of the North
2:40 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
4:20 p.m. – Restoration Fire
5:50 p.m – North Sea Chivalry
7:20 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
9 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
10:40 p.m. – In Blazing Love
FRIDAY, JUNE 8
12:50 a.m. – Fine Man
2:20 a.m. – The Pirates
4:10 a.m. – Sister With Sister
5:40 a.m. – The Sword of Justice
7:20 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
8:50 a.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
10:30 a.m. – In Blazing Love
12:40 p.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
2:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
3:50 p.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
5:30 p.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
7:20 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
9 p.m. – Yakuza Official
10:40 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
SATURDAY, JUNE 9
12:30 a.m. – The Pirates
2:20 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
3:50 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
6:30 a.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
8 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
9:40 a.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
11:30 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
1:10 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
2:50 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
4:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
5:50 p.m. – In Blazing Love
8 p.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
9:50 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
11:30 p.m. – Fine Man
SUNDAY, JUNE 10
1 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
2:30 a.m. – The Ako Retainers
5:10 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
6:40 a.m. – Yakuza Official
8:20 a.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
10:10 a.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
12 p.m. – The Pirates
1:50 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
3:30 p.m. – Restoration Fire
5 p.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
6:40 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
8:20 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
9:50 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
11:40 p.m. – Restoration Fire
MONDAY, JUNE 11
1:10 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
2:40 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
4:20 a.m. – Yakuza Official
6 a.m. – Sister With Sister
7:30 a.m. – The Hawk of the North
9 a.m. – The Pirates
10:50 a.m. – Sister With Sister
12:20 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
1:50 p.m. – The Ako Retainers
4:30 p.m. – North Sea Chivalry
6 p.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
7:50 p.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
9:30 p.m. – In Blazing Love
11:40 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
TUESDAY, JUNE 12
1:10 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
2:50 a.m. – In Blazing Love
5 a.m. – Fine Man
6:30 a.m. – Life of Hishakaku
8:10 a.m. – Something Like, Something Like It
9:50 a.m. – Desperate Sunflowers
11:40 a.m. – Crimson Peacock 3 & 4
1:30 p.m. – Yakuza Official
3:10 p.m. – Life of Hishakaku
4:50 p.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
6:40 p.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
8:20 p.m. – Fine Man
9:50 p.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
11:20 p.m. – The Tokyo Dame
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13
12:50 a.m. – In Blazing Love
3 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
4:40 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
6:10 a.m. – Dancing in Hawaii
7:50 a.m. – Restoration Fire
9:20 a.m. – The International Gang of Kobe
11 a.m. – Rainbow Over the Pacific
12:50 p.m. – The Sword of Justice
2:30 p.m. – Snake Princess: Oshima and Sentaro
4 p.m. – Crimson Peacock, Parts 3 & 4
5:50 p.m. – The Pirates
7:40 p.m. – Yakuza Official
9:20 p.m. – Tora-san's Dear Old Home
11:10 p.m. – Restoration Fire
THURSDAY, JUNE 14
12:40 a.m. – North Sea Chivalry
2:10 a.m. – Showdown at Lightning Pass
3:50 a.m. – The Tokyo Dame
5:20 a.m. – Code Between Brothers: All-New
March 31 Istyle Inc:
* Says it will take out a loan of 2,100 million yen from The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd, with interest of one month TIBOR (Tokyo Inter Bank Offered Rate) +0.20 percent
* Says proceeds to be used to acquire stakes in Hermo Creative(M)Sdn. Bhd
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/qo9XYp
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama speaks at a press conference after delivering teachings at Yiga Choezin, in Tawang, in the northeastern state of Arunachal Pradesh, India April 8, 2017.
GABORONE (Reuters) - Exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has cancelled a planned visit to Botswana because of exhaustion, their office said, a move that is likely to be welcomed by China, a major investor in the African country.
The Dalai Lama had been expected to address a human rights conference in the capital Gaborone on Aug. 17-19 and meet Botswana's president during the trip.
Visits by the Dalai Lama to foreign countries infuriate China, and it stepped up warnings to Botswana last month, with its Foreign Ministry spokesperson demanding "the relevant country earnestly respect China's core interests and make the correct political decision on this matter".
Botswana reacted by saying that as a sovereign state, it retained the right to permit anyone to enter the country.
The Dalai Lama, who lives in exile in India, has long been at loggerheads over Tibet with China, which brands them a reactionary and separatist. The Dalai Lama, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989, says they seek greater rights, including religious freedom, and true autonomy for Tibetans.
In a statement late on Friday the Dalai Lama's office said their doctors had advised them to avoid undertaking long journeys for the next few weeks.
"During the past few weeks, Their Holiness has found that carrying out their activities has left them unusually tired," it said.
"Although they had been eagerly looking forward to visiting Gaborone ... Their Holiness has reluctantly had to concede that their 82-year old body was telling them to rest."
China's fast-growing demand for raw materials has made it one of the biggest investors in Africa and its largest trade partner. Chinese state-owned companies have been awarded contracts to build roads, dams, power stations and airports in Botswana.
April 10 Marcato Capital Management Lp:
* Marcato sends letter to Rent-A-Center board of directors
* Plans to vote for Engaged Capital's director nominees at Rent-A-Center annual meeting, if board resists strategic alternatives review
* Urges Rent-A-Center Inc's board to immediately explore sale of entire company
* Discussions with Rent-A-Center CEO speese have "made clear to us that they do not intend or desire to be CEO for long term"
* Beneficially owns 4.9 percent of outstanding common shares of Rent-A-Center
* Urge Rent-A-Center board to "immediately commence a process to review all strategic alternatives including a sale of entire company" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivers remarks to the employees at the State Department in Washington, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson delivers remarks to the employees at the State Department in Washington, U.S., May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Washington was considering imposing new sanctions on North Korea if it takes steps that deserve a further response, and is threatening to impose secondary sanctions on those doing illicit business with Pyongyang.
"We are preparing additional sanctions if it turns out North Korea's actions warrant additional sanctions," Tillerson said on Wednesday in remarks to State Department employees.
The vast majority of North Korea's trade is with its key ally China, and so any hard-hitting secondary sanctions would likely target Chinese firms.
Tillerson called on countries all over the world to implement existing U.N. sanctions on North Korea's nuclear weapons and missile programs, adding that the U.S. administration would be willing to use secondary sanctions to target foreign companies that continue to do business with Pyongyang.
"We told them we're watching what you're doing, when we see you not implementing, we see companies, we see individuals that are violating these sanctions, we're going to contact you, we're going to ask you to take care of it," Tillerson said.
"If you can't take care of it, or you simply don't want to take care of it for your own internal political reasons, we will. We'll sanction them through third-country sanctions."
North Korea has stepped up its weapons tests, firing dozens of missiles and detonating two nuclear bombs since the start of last year. The most recent missile test, which failed, came on Friday following a U.N. Security Council meeting chaired by Tillerson at which they urged the council to act before North Korea did.
Tillerson said the Trump administration had been "leaning hard into China" ... "to test their willingness to use their influence, their engagement with the regime."
The Obama administration began blacklisting Chinese firms doing illicit business with North Korea, but such steps have so far been limited.
Diplomats said this week Washington was negotiating with China on a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as new sanctions - to North Korea's missile launches.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said on Wednesday U.N. resolutions were clear that further measures would be taken in the event of more nuclear or missile tests.
The last round of complex sanctions imposed by the Security Council took three months to negotiate following Pyongyang's fifth nuclear test in September. Those aimed to cut North Korea's annual export revenue by a quarter.
North Korea's state media published a rare, strong, criticism of China on Wednesday, saying Chinese state media commentaries calling for tougher sanctions were undermining relations.
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati, writing by David Brunnstrom; editing by Susan Heavey and Phil Berlowitz)
(Adds quote from partner Amouyal)
By Tim Hepher and Maiya Keidan
PARIS, April 28 Hedge fund TCI Fund Management renewed pressure on France's Safran to suspend its bid to buy Zodiac Aerospace after the aircraft seats maker issued a second profit warning in as many months.
TCI has waged a public campaign to persuade Safran to cancel its proposed $9 billion offer for Zodiac, saying it was overpaying for a struggling company, a view underpinned by Zodiac's posting of a first-half operating loss.
"These are disastrous results from Zodiac yet again... Zodiac's business continues to implode with no sign of recovery," TCI founder Christopher Hohn said in an emailed statement.
"Zodiac is in serious financial difficulty and we think it needs an emergency rights issue, which would cause the Zodiac share price to fall substantially," they said, adding the appointment of a new special board adviser was a distraction from the company's problems.
TCI partner Jonathan Amouyal told Reuters by phone that despite this, the fund was not ruling out a deal completely.
"They are paying a top price when the sea of uncertainty could not be any higher... our advice is don't rush it."
"Do more work, let the dust settle, come back in six months' time, in one year or two years once you have further conviction in your capability to turn it around and then buy it but don't pay a top price today on top of uncertainty," they said.
For its part, Safran on Friday said it would continue talks with Zodiac despite the latter's profit warning. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Andrew Callus and Adrian Croft)
An x-ray image of Adam Harvey's head shows a bullet lodged in their neck. Image via Twitter
14 Social Buzz
AN Australian journalist covering the conflict in Marawi City had a close brush with death when they were shot in the neck, Australian media reported on Thursday.
According to broadcaster SBS, Adam Harvey, who is the Southeast Asia correspondent for the ABC was covering the Philippine military's recovery operation in the besieged city when a bullet hit him.
Over the last few days, Harvey had been reporting on the sweep up operations of the Philippines' military on positions held by Islamic State-linked Maute rebels.
Philippine Scout Rangers celebrate after taking an enemy position in Marawi. Four soldiers KIA pic.twitter.com/4pI4Mdiwmv — Adam Harvey (@adharves) June 14, 2017
“I'm fine, I'm just going to get an X-ray to get it checked out,” the SBS quoted them as saying.
“I just felt like something (inaudible) in the side of the neck, a piece of shrapnel.”
SEE ALSO: Philippine security forces arrest Maute leader
Footage on social media showed the helmet-wearing Harvey receiving medical attention with a neck brace.
Harvey's sister who is also a journalist, Claire Harvey, said their brother was doing ‘okay'.
Thanks everyone – I'm okay. Bullet is still in my neck, but it missed everything important. pic.twitter.com/PBYfdrTTa6 — Adam Harvey (@adharves) June 15, 2017
“We thought it was shrapnel but it was a bullet that got them in the neck,” they told a local radio station.
“There's some suggestion it's still in their neck.”
The Marawi clashes began on May 23 when Philippine forces staged a raid to arrest Isnilon Hapilon, a wanted leader of IS-linked Maute and the Abu Sayyaf terror network, following tip-offs on their hideout.
SEE ALSO: Philippines: US troops on ground near besieged Marawi City – army
290 people have been killed so far, including 206 militants, 58 soldiers and 26 civilians. The conflict has entered its 23rd day.
Authorities earlier said 100 militants remain in the besieged area, down from the 400 to 500 estimated number of fighters during the peak of the siege. An estimated 300 to 600 civilians are also said to be trapped or being held hostage in the city.
THE Philippine peso fell further on Monday to close at P51:$1 level, its weakest finish in almost 11 years.
The local currency softened by 10 centavos from P51.08:$1. It opened at P50.95 to $1, before trading between P50.90 and P51.08 against US currency and lodged its weakest closing since it couched at P51.21:$1 on August 28, 2006.
“The peso … weakened towards the end of the day amid concerns over the conflict between the US and North Korea,” said Land Bank of the Philippine market economist Guian Angelo Dumalagan. MAYVELIN U. CARABALLO
BERLIN Germany wants Greece to implement reforms before any consideration of whether the country might need more debt relief, the finance ministry said on Monday.
"We want first to get the reform measures agreed," a finance ministry spokesperson told a government news conference, noting that European Union ministers had just agreed that the country must implement reforms on pensions and taxes.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said on Sunday their country will implement additional austerity measures agreed with its official creditors on condition of further debt relief.
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Andrea Shalal)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying they assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
GREEN RIVER — Lisa Jeanminette Stegall, 47, of Green River, Wyoming passed away on April 21, 2018, at Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County in Rock Springs, Wyoming
They were born on October 11, 1970, in Napa, California, the daughter of Kurt Jeanminette and Wanda Guthrie Jeanminette.
Lisa attended schools in Green River, Wyoming and was a graduate of the Green River High School with the class of 1989.
They were a cosmetologist for twenty-four years and drove a school bus in Ozark, Arkansas where they loved all the kids like they were their own. They were so full of life and never gave up the fight. They touched the hearts of so many and had one of the kindest souls, with a smile that lit up the room.
Survivors include their husband Chris Stegall of Green River, Wyoming, three children, Lexie Sanford, Wyatt Stegall and Kenny Stegalll all of Green River, Wyoming, Parents, Kurt Jeanminette and wife Joanie of Hewitt, Texas and Richard Hodo and wife Wanda of Green River, Wyoming, In laws, Clifford Campbell and wife Phyllis of Bonne Terre, Missouri, four sisters, Stacie Brown and husband Bobby of Russellville, Arkansas, Angie Shutran and husband Chris of Green River, Wyoming, Nicole Rogers and husband Sky of Pensacola, Florida, Noelle Murphy and husband Zack of Destin, Florida, one brother Corey Hodo of Rock Springs, Wyoming, grandmother, Delma Guthrie of Green River, Wyoming, several aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews.
 They are preceded in death by their grandparents Gabriel and Lena Jeanminette and Ken Gutherie and nephew, Kyle Rodda.
Following cremation a celebration of life will be conducted at 5:00 P.M. Wednesday, May 2, 2018, at Hampton Inn, 1055 Wild Horse Canyon Road, Green River, Wyoming.
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com.
(Repeats for additional clients with no changes to text)
By Valerie Volcovici, Nichola Groom and Scott DiSavino
WASHINGTON/LOS ANGELES/NEW YORK, April 5 When President Donald Trump signed an executive order last week to sweep away Obama-era climate change regulations, they said it would end America's "war on coal", usher in a new era of energy production and put miners back to work.
But the biggest consumers of U.S. coal - power generating companies - remain unconvinced.
Reuters surveyed 32 utilities with operations in the 26 states that sued former President Barack Obama's administration to block its Clean Power Plan, the main target of Trump's executive order. The bulk of them have no plans to alter their multi-billion dollar, years-long shift away from coal, suggesting demand for the fuel will keep falling despite Trump's efforts.
The utilities gave many reasons, mainly economic: Natural gas - coal's top competitor - is cheap and abundant; solar and wind power costs are falling; state environmental laws remain in place; and Trump's regulatory rollback may not survive legal challenges.
Meanwhile, big investors aligned with the global push to fight climate change – such as the Norwegian Sovereign Wealth Fund – have been pressuring U.S. utilities in which they own stakes to cut coal use.
"I'm not going to build new coal plants in today's environment," said Ben Fowke, CEO of Xcel Energy, which operates in eight states and uses coal for about 36 percent of its electricity production. "And if I'm not going to build new ones, eventually there won't be any."
Of the 32 utilities contacted by Reuters, 20 said Trump's order would have no impact on their investment plans; five said they were reviewing the implications of the order; six gave no response. Just one said it would prolong the life of some of its older coal-fired power units.
North Dakota's Basin Electric Power Cooperative was the sole utility to identify an immediate positive impact of Trump's order on the outlook for coal.
"We're in the situation where the executive order takes a lot of pressure off the decisions we had to make in the near term, such as whether to retrofit and retire older coal plants," said Dale Niezwaag, a spokesperson for Basin Electric. "But Trump can be a one-termer, so the reprieve out there is short."
Trump's executive order triggered a review aimed at killing the Clean Power Plan. The Obama-era law would have required states, by 2030, to collectively cut carbon emissions from existing power plants by 30 percent from 2005 levels. It was designed as a primary strategy in U.S. efforts to fight global climate change.
The U.S. coal industry, without increases in domestic demand, would need to rely on export markets for growth. Shipments of U.S. metallurgical coal, used in the production of steel, have recently shown up in China following a two-year hiatus - in part to offset banned shipments from North Korea and temporary delays from cyclone-hit Australian producers.
RETIRING AND RETROFITTING
Coal had been the primary fuel source for U.S. power plants for the last century, but its use has fallen more than a third since 2008 after advancements in drilling technology unlocked new reserves of natural gas.
Hundreds of aging coal-fired power plants have been retired or retrofitted. Huge coal mining companies like Peabody Energy Corp and Arch Coal fell into bankruptcy, and production last year hit its lowest point since 1978.
The slide appears likely to continue: U.S. power companies now expect to retire or convert more than 8,000 megawatts of coal-fired plants in 2017 after shutting almost 13,000 MW last year, according to U.S. Energy Information Administration and Thomson Reuters data.
Luke Popovich, a spokesperson for the National Mining Association, acknowledged Trump's efforts would not return the coal industry to its "glory days," but offered some hope.
"There may not be immediate plans for utilities to bring on more coal, but the future is always uncertain in this market," they said.
Many of the companies in the Reuters survey said they had been focused on reducing carbon emissions for a decade or more and were hesitant to change direction based on shifting political winds in Washington D.C.
"Utility planning typically takes place over much longer periods than presidential terms of office," Berkshire Hathaway Inc-owned Pacificorp spokesperson Tom Gauntt said.
Several utilities also cited falling costs for wind and solar power, which are now often as cheap as coal or natural gas, thanks in part to government subsidies for renewable energy.
In the meantime, activist investors have increased pressure on U.S. utilities to shun coal.
In the last year, Norway's sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, has excluded more than a dozen U.S. power companies - including Xcel, American Electric Power Co Inc and NRG Energy Inc - from its investments because of their reliance on coal-fired power.
Another eight companies, including Southern Co and NorthWestern Corp, are "under observation" by the fund.
Wyoming-based coal miner Cloud Peak Energy said it doesn't blame utilities for being lukewarm to Trump's order.
"For eight years, if you were a utility running coal, you got the hell kicked out of you," said Richard Reavey, a spokesperson for the company. "Are you going to turn around tomorrow and say, 'Let's buy lots of coal plants'? Pretty unlikely."
(Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Brian Thevenot)
BEIJING, April 10 China's fourth-largest automaker Chongqing Changan Automobile Co Ltd and Nio, an electric car startup formerly known as NextEV, will form a joint venture to cooperate on researching and selling electric cars, Nio said on Sunday.
China is aggressively promoting electric cars to combat urban smog and push the industry to the forefront of automotive technology, loosening rules in recent years to allow startups like Nio to flood the industry and challenge established Chinese automakers.
The Changan-Nio JV will focus on research, sales and service for green cars, although under a broader partnership the two sides will also share resources related to smart vehicle technology, manufacturing and other areas, according to a statement from Nio.
Financial terms of the partnership were not disclosed.
A Changan spokesperson said the company had no further information to release regarding the partnership.
Chinese tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd was an early backer of Nio, and rival internet company Baidu Inc last month said it was leading a new round of investment into the startup.
Nio has also partnered with Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Corp Ltd to produce electric vehicles on a contract basis. (Reporting by Jake Spring)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Big Ben is to fall silent - for four years.
The world-famous "bongs" will not be heard until 2021, as major conservation works are carried out.
The last time to hear Big Ben in action before the work begins is at noon on Monday August 21.
Officially, the landmark clock tower is called the Elizabeth Tower. The clock itself is the Great Clock, and Big Ben is the name of the bell - also known as the Great Bell.
However, to millions of people around the world the whole thing is simply known as Big Ben.
A conservation project started earlier this year, with the start of scaffolding going up around the tower.
Once this scaffolding reaches the necessary height, work will begin at the very top of the tower.
The Great Clock itself will be dismantled piece by piece with each cog examined and restored. The four dials will be carefully cleaned, the glass repaired, the cast iron framework renewed, and the hands will be removed and refurbished.
While the Great Clock and the dials are undergoing conservation, it will be necessary to cover the faces for some time.
However, to ensure that the public are still able to set their watches by this most important of time pieces, one working clock face will remain visible at all times throughout the works.
As the clock mechanism itself will be temporarily out of action, a modern electric motor will drive the clock hands until the Great Clock is reinstated.
A team will then work their way down the building, removing scaffolding as they go and tackling a wide range of the complex issues created by the height and heritage of this unique landmark.
The person in charge is Steve Jaggs, a House of Commons official with the title Keeper of the Great Clock. They said: "Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project.
"As Keeper of the Great Clock I have the great honour of ensuring this beautiful piece of Victorian engineering is in top condition on a daily basis.
"This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home – the Elizabeth Tower.
"Members of the public are welcome to mark this important moment by gathering in Parliament Square to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021."
What is Ben Ben?
The Great Bell, popularly called Big Ben, weighs 13.7 tonnes and strikes every hour to the note of E.
It is accompanied by four quarter bells, which chime every 15 minutes, which will also cease for the works. Big Ben has marked the hour with almost unbroken service for the past 157 years.
The bongs last fell silent for maintenance in 2007, and prior to that between 1983-5 as part of a previous large scale refurbishment programme.
The Great Clock is operated by a custom built Victorian clockwork mechanism, which relies on gravity to trigger the renowned bongs.
To stop the bells the striking hammers will be locked and the bell disconnected from the clock mechanism, allowing the Great Clock to continue telling the time silently.
Parliament's specialist clockmakers will ensure that Big Ben can still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday. The bells will resume their regular time keeping duties in the course of 2021.
April 10 (Reuters) -
* Allianz's Mohamed El-Erian tells CNBC on Fed rate increases in 2017: 'I think in total you get three, we may get one more than that' (Reporting by Sam Forgione)
April 28 Charter Hall Group-
* Fy earnings guidance upgrade to 35.9cps
* Guidance includes impact of both today's equity raising and an incremental performance fee to be realised.
* Undertaking a $275 million fully underwritten institutional placement to fund $333m of identified co-investments
* $5.48 per security fixed issue price, representing a 3.4% discount to charter hall's closing price on 27 april 2017
* Is co-investing in nine existing funds/partnerships to support their continued growth and two new fund initiatives
* Driver of operating earnings guidance upgrade triggering of 5-year interim performance fee in charter hall office trust partnership
* Performance fee will deliver an additional $10 million of pre-tax revenue
* Sees fy17 distribution per security 30.0 cents
* These new investments are also expected to generate an initial extra $1.8bn of fum Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Despite dropping Game One in straight-set fashion, defending champion Pocari Sweat remains confident of getting back at BaliPure – not once but twice-in-a-row.
That's actually what the Lady Warriors would need to nail a record fourth straight Premier Volleyball League championship and top player Myla Pablo has guaranteed a strong fightback by the defending champions in tomorrow's Game Two of the PVL Open Conference Finals at the Filoil Flying V Center in San Juan.
“It's but normal for us to be trailing, to be struggling,” said Pablo after being held to just nine hits after bagging the Conference MVP award in a 22-25, 19-25, 22-25 loss in their best-of-three series last Saturday.
Pocari also groped for form in the elims, needing a late burst and bucking Pablo's absence due to injury to advance. The Lady Warriors also faced elimination in the semis but fought back from two sets down and two match points to repel the Air Force Lady Jet Spikers in five.
They hope to pull off another Houdini act against the Water Defenders.
They also have to minimize their errors after giving away 18 points off miscues while allowing BaliPure to hammer in nine service winners in the series opener.
But while the Lady Warriors are out to raise the level of their game in Game Two, the Water Defenders will also be coming into the match all-fired up and hungry to nail the elusive title win denied them by Pocari in the Reinforced Conference Finals last June.
“They have nothing in mind but to win,” said BaliPure coach Roger Gorayeb, lauding the heads-up games of Grethcel Soltones, Aiko Urdas, Risa Sato and Jerrili Malabanan and playmakers Jasmine Nabor and Angelica Cayuna.
“They played a pretty solid game, especially Urdas,” added Gorayeb, citing the former National U mainstay's superb game that included 12 kills and three kill blocks.
Game Two is set at 6:30 p.m. after the 4 p.m. clash for third between Creamline and Air Force and the 1 p.m. duel for the men's crown between Mega Builders and Cignal TV.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 4 Alphabet Inc's Google said on Tuesday it would roll out a mobile YouTube application designed for India, boosting the search company's presence in a burgeoning market with spotty Internet access.
Since the fall, Google has been conducting extensive tests in India of YouTube Go, which allows users to save videos to watch offline and monitor their data use.
A beta version of the app has been released in the Google Play Store in India, and will be released in other emerging markets later, company executives said in an interview.
Analysts have been forecasting a surge in video consumption in India since Reliance Jio, the telecom unit of Reliance Industries Ltd, upended the industry last year with cheap data plans that have prodded rivals to lower prices.
Silicon Valley has long regarded India, with its population of 1.3 billion people and poor connectivity, as a prime place to test products for emerging markets.
YouTube executives said they sought to build a product for Indian users from the ground up rather than releasing a slimmed-down version of their primary app.
"As we talked to people in the market, they didn't want something that felt like a stripped down version of YouTube – they wanted the full experience," said John Harding, vice president of engineering at YouTube.
Due to the frustration of trying to load video at slow Internet speeds, the YouTube team had contemplated showing users a series of images from a video with the audio, like a slideshow. But Indian consumers reacted poorly to the feature.
The final design helps users discover videos that trending in their region while minimizing data usage. Users can preview videos before watching to ensure that is what they want.
While Reliance Jio's entry has boosted video consumption in India, analyst Neil Shah of Counterpoint Technology Market Research questioned whether YouTube Go would remain popular as cheap data plans become more prevalent.
"The only future I see for YouTube Go is for feature phones or basic phones," they wrote in an email.
But with 180 million mobile users in India and mobile watch time climbing 400 percent year over year, YouTube has strong momentum in India, Jay Akkad, a product lead at YouTube, said. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Richard Chang)
The 59-year-old has been nominated for a Golden Globe for their performance in The Darkest Hour.
Gary Oldman has told of their pride after Winston Churchill's great-grandson addressed them as “great-grandpapa” following their portrayal of the former prime minister.
The actor, 59, spoke as they walked the red carpet in London at the premiere of historical drama The Darkest Hour.
Oldman – who has just been nominated for a Golden Globe for their performance in the historical drama – said: “I guess the slight fear I had going in was not only had they been played by so many wonderful actors before, but they are truly an iconic figure, mythologised, and you wonder whether you can find the man behind the marble and the bronze as it were.
Gary Oldman and Kristin Scott Thomas (Ian West/PA)
“We got the nod from the family – we had a set visit and 17 of the Churchills came to visit, and about a week-and-a-half ago we were on the Queen Mary, as they have a Churchill exhibit and part of our set is on display there.
“Randolph Churchill, the great-grandson, addressed me as great-grandpapa and had wonderful things to say about the film and the portrayal, so it's a nice feeling.”
They said of their Golden Globe nomination in the best actor category: “No, I never expected it!”
Oldman was joined at the premiere in Leicester Square by their co-stars, including Kristin Scott Thomas and Lily James.
Lily James (Ian West/PA)
James said working with Oldman was “a great experience”.
They added: “I think it's fascinating right now with everything that is going on in the world to do a film about a leader that was so sort of, at least in this instance, so strong and powerful and stood up to oppression and hatred.
“We could do with some more of that probably. But in this instance yes, how a great leader really can lead and unite a country for the better. We don't really have that at the moment.”
© Press Association 2017
MOGADISHU Somali security forces clashed with pirates early on Wednesday and freed nine seamen kidnapped on an Indian cargo ship this month, officials said.
The pirates seized the dhow Al Kausar off Somalia's coast, part of a surge of attacks after years without a reported incident.
The kidnappers took the crew onshore in central Galmudug state on Monday and clashed with troops two days later, the territory's minister for ports and sea transport, Burhan Warsame, said.
"We rescued the nine crew and they are healthy and safe," they added.
Hirsi Yusuf Barre, mayor of Galkayo town in the area, said the security forces attacked the gang after it tried to move the hostages into an area controlled by the militant group al Shabaab overnight.
"We sent forces to every corner and blocked all roads," the mayor said.
Isha Thaim, a member of the family in India that owns the cargo dhow, confirmed the reports of the crew being freed, adding they had not had any food for about three days.
"They will be shortly served with food by authorities. The crew will be taken to the port and after all formalities they will be taken to the vessel," Thaim told Reuters by phone from Gujarat.
Somali pirate attacks peaked with 237 in 2012 but then declined steeply after shipowners improved security measures and international naval forces stepped up patrols.
But this month has seen a new wave of attacks, with two ships captured and a third rescued by Indian and Chinese forces after the crew radioed for help and locked themselves in a safe room.
The Al Kausar pirates had said they were trying to force authorities to free some of their comrades imprisoned in India.
(Additional reporting by Nidhi Verma in India; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Alison Williams)
Borders security forces from the second field army based in North Sinai managed to discover 12 tunnels located along the border in North Sinai, newly appointed army spokesperson Tamer El-Refai declared Monday on the army's spokesperson official Facebook page.
They added that forces affiliated to the second field army destroyed the tunnels that are believed to be used by weapons and drugs smugglers. They said that a tractor was also seized, carrying 800 smuggled cigarette packages in the North Sinai city of Rafah.
Forces affiliated to the second field army in the Ismailia governorate found a truck filled with drugs. Two people were arrested after security forces found drugs in their possession.
Meanwhile, the statement issued by the newly appointed army spokesperson highlighted recent arrests conducted by the third field army that included 593 packages of drugs in the Suez governorate, in addition to 138 packages of drugs in a nearby region named Abu Redis.
The armed forces affiliated to the western military area near the seaport city of Marsa Matrouh seized a four-wheel drive vehicle loaded with 360 kg of hashish. Two guns and a sniper rifle were found in the vehicle.
Moreover, these forces seized 300,000 capsules filled with marijuana and an AK-47 in Sallum City, located close to the Egyptian-Libyan border. Security forces arrested 74 people from different nationalities in the city who were trying to emigrate out of Egypt illegally.
Since 2013, state security forces represented in both the army and police have been engaged in violent clashes with “Sinai Province”, known previously as Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis. In 2014, the group declared its affiliation to Islamic State and has launched deadly attacks on army and police checkpoints.
Over the course of the last two years, the Egyptian Armed Forces launched counterattacks against militant stationing points across the Sinai Peninsula where the group is based, particularly in the cities of Sheikh Zuweid, Rafah, and Al-Arish.
Efforts are being made to trace the owner of an emaciated cat which was found lying in the middle of a road.
The cat – an unusual blue breed – was so weak they were unable to stand when they were spotted by a passer-by in Clydsedale Road, Corby, on Tuesday, December 5.
At first it was thought they had been hit by a car but on closer inspection it became obvious the 10-year-old cat had not been injured but was very emaciated.
RSPCA inspector Polly Underwood was called to collect the cat and took them for veterinary treatment.
They said: “The cat was very lethargic and so weak they were unable to stand.
“Her spine and hips are very prominent as they were very skinny and dehydrated.
“It looked as though they had a nasty infection in their mouth which we think meant they had some difficulty eating.
“When we brought them in on Tuesday night it was touch and go for a while and we were worried we would lose her.”
Sadly, the cat was too poorly and they died a few days later.
Insp Underwood added: “She wasn't microchipped but was clearly owned by someone so we are now trying to trace their owner.”
Anyone with information about the cat should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018.
April 5Teac Corp
* Says it reached settlement with indirect purchasers regarding a group lawsuit on April 3 (U.S. time)
* Says it will pay $5 million as settlement
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/yf6lrR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Todd's mother Carol stresses the importance of putting the phone down and talking with children
Amanda Todd would have turned 21-years-old on Nov. 27.
Instead their mother Carol Todd marked the milestone year remembering how Amanda wanted to go to Las Vegas to celebrate it.
Amanda committed suicide on Oct. 10, 2012, after years of cyber-bullying. Immediately after their death a video called My Story: Struggling, bullying, suicide and self-harm went viral around the world. The video showed Amanda using flash cards to tell their story silently to a camera. They explained that while using video chat to meet new people they would receive many compliments about my looks. When they were asked to bare their breasts to a stranger, a screen capture taken from the video of that moment started circulating on the internet and was used to blackmail them online.
Even after changing schools numerous times and moving out of the community, the stranger followed them online. They would befriend students, teachers and parents at their new schools through Facebook where they would send them the video.
Amanda began experiencing anxiety, depression and panic attacks. They survived a suicide attempt and began to self mutilate. However, the bullying continued at school leading up until their death when they were only 15-years-old.
“It was a hard one,” said Carol of the passing of Amanda's birthday.
“Every year is hard. The bigger milestones are even harder. And when you see their friends out there moving forward with their lives and going to college, university, you know, getting boyfriends and settling down. It's hard,” Amanda's mother reflected.
Now when Carol drives past the wedding stores that line Columbia Street in New Westminster, instead of feeling excitement for their daughter's future, the memories of Amanda's death come flooding back.
But Carol has continued to remain strong over the years, drawing fortitude from the foundation created in their daughter's name and speaking at engagements that take them all over the world.
“I just completed speaking at all the WE Days across Canada and that was, to me, really inspirational to be in a place where there are so many youths who are leaders that can go back to their schools and communities and do something positive,” said Carol, who has been to almost every WE Day since Amanda's death.
This year, though, Carol noticed a shift where conversations surrounding mental health and the internet have become more open.
“That was really interesting and an eye opener for me,” said Carol noting that they have heard conversations on how to support others, what can happen on the internet and how there should be a focus on kindness and respecting others.
“I had quite a few conversations with the Kielburger's about it,” Carol said.
Carol's audience, though, is mostly professionals, not children or teenagers. Although, they hope that they are listening. They find hope in the certain percentage of children who grow up and mature and realize their mistakes.
“I've heard many stories where people have actually looked for those people they have victimized in their younger years and apologize. That's a really good start and it brings tears to both sides of it,” Carol explained.
Amanda's legacy through the foundation continues to thrive. Carol gets messages of support from all over the world. Recently they received a message from some young girls in Europe who were working on a class project on cyber-bullying and wanted to ask them some questions.
“As you see it's not just a community problem, it's a global problem,” they explained.
Carol continues to follow the extradition hearings currently underway in Amsterdam for Amanda's alleged abuser who is a Dutch resident.  They are appealing an extradition to Canada and is due back in court mid-January where Carol is expecting them to make a statement about their offences.
Earlier this year Aydin Coban was sentenced to almost 11 years in a Dutch jail for fraud and blackmail.
However, Carol doesn't expect to hear anything that hasn't been included in Coban's 690-page book that they have written while waiting in prison.
“It's in Dutch right now. I managed to get a copy and translate it into English, but it's all about their injustices,” Carol laughed.
“How everyone has done them wrong including the justice system over there,” they said adding that there are four sections to the book with section three dedicated to Amanda's story.
They have been unable to read that section, but plans to some day.
Carol continues to be amazed at how the Amanda Todd Legacy Foundation continues to thrive. They never expected Amanda's story to continue to move people after five years.
“When I am speaking on that WE Day stage or any other platform and I hear silence and everyone listening, it just amazes me still,” said Carol who wants to keep the conversation open, not just about cyber-bullying but also about mental health.
They hope that more parents will sit down with their children and put away the technology. Have a meal together, play a board game, and talk.
“It's like just sitting your kids down and just having talk time and listening time. We get so busy in our everyday lives, we don't make room for that,” they said adding that that's one thing they would change, if they could, with Amanda, having more sit downtimes with deeper conversations.
Right now they are taking time to reflect on the past year. They took 28 trips in 2017 to talk about what happened to Amanda, a subject that will always be difficult to talk about. But, Carol says, there is a need to do it.
“Putting myself out there is part of my healing but it's also necessary to have people listen to real stories,” said Carol.
“We know in Canada because of media publication bans we don't really talk about death by suicide. If we don't talk about that we don't necessarily get the story about mental health, bullying,” they continued.
Carol remembers Amanda as a vivacious, energetic spunky child with lots of different ideas. But now they see Amanda was also very vulnerable.
“I see their vulnerability more and more,” said Carol.
“Some of it came from the home situation too and I take full responsibility that I didn't have a handle on how to raise kids,” they said.
“If I could take it all back I would. But what I can do is I can learn from them and share the story and hopefully others will learn from those things.”
“I would give it up all in a heartbeat to have my daughter back.”
Carol Todd with their daughter Amanda. (Contributed)
Amanda Todd. (Contributed)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mother Of Man Accused Of Causing The Car Crash In Charlottesville, Speaks Out 1:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
Related: Mother of Charlottesville Suspect Says They Thought Rally Was Just About Trump
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at their office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, they answered questions from the judge with simple responses of "Yes, sir" when asked if they understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied "No, sir" when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for their "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, their former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said they were roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as "the Fatherland," had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Has History of Being Slow to Disavow White Nationalists 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us," McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on their beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. They said they went home after three or four days because they said they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
"He was just a normal dude" most of the time, although they occasionally made "dark" jokes that put their class on edge, including one "off-hand joke" about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
Related: Assaults Still Being Reported Following Deadly Weekend Rally, Charlottesville Police Say
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
"He had friends, they had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like they were an outcast."
Weimer described Fields as an "average" student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
"Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy," Weimer said. "It would start to creep out."
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Related: Charlottesville Suspect James Alex Fields Jr. Denied Bond at First Court Appearance
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the "take America back" campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be "bigger than Charlottesville."
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rev. Sharpton Trump Charlottesville Response: Too Little Too Late 5:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, they said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided them through the process of applying, they said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel their white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later "due to a failure to meet training standards."
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
TAIPEI, April 6 Taiwan stocks fell on Thursday, in line with broader Asia, as worries lingered over trade relations ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the two leaders. The main TAIEX index fell 0.6 percent, to 9,885.83 points as of 0312 GMT, after closing up 1.4 percent in the previous session, its biggest one-day percentage gain since November. The Taiwan dollar softened T$0.139 to T$30.520 per U.S. dollar. The electronics subindex fell 0.7 percent, while the financials subindex lost 0.4 percent. Hon Hai Precision Industry , the world's largest contract electronics maker, pulled back about 1 percent. It had rallied nearly 8 percent on Wednesday after clocking in a strong 30 percent year-on-year net profit growth for the fourth quarter of last year. Taipei has expressed concerns about the Trump-Xi meeting, which comes at a time when Taiwan is engaged in fresh arms sales talks with the United States, its sole arms supplier. Arms sales to Taiwan angers China, which regards the self-ruled island part of its territory and has never ruled out the use of force to take control of what it sees as a wayward province. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
March 30 Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd:
* Reference is made to announcements of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., dated 28 July 2016
* Recently, there have been media reports provide that acquisition was approved by relevant competent authorities of India
* Acquisition was approved by shareholders at 2016 third extraordinary general meeting of company
* Relevant approvals of competent authorities of PRC in relation to acquisition have been obtained
* Acquisition was reviewed by Indian foreign investment promotion board
* Filings with competent antitrust authorities of united states have been completed
* Acquisition will be recommended to cabinet committee on economic affairs of India for further review and approval Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Slick Socials proposes to you the very new and interesting solution of getting followers and likes on Instagram instantly. If you possess an account on Instagram or you have a profile of your business there, and you also need some more audience and have no idea how to attract it, then Slick Socials will do it for you. The company is specializing on assuring their clients with an increased popularity level and also a lot of likes and followers for the clients' profiles.
The website of Slick Socials is a very user-friendly platform, which contains so much useful information. For instance, you can easily check and choose your perfect package of the plenty of them. Knowing your personal needs, you are able to accommodate your package upon your preferences and expectations. Moreover, you can easily contact the Slick Socials' team right from their web page, and get an answer to your question. If you are doubting about the reliability of their services, then you should see the many positive reviews of their previous customers.
Slick Socials makes furor on the marketplace, being ranked in the top of the companies that boost Instagram accounts. The many advantages that they provide make them so successful. Firstly, they propose you to Buy Instagram Followers instantly and without stress, by clicking on the needed option and wait for the outcome. One other advantage to refer to, there are many options for those who just need likes, as well as for those who are highly interested in followers. The team can adjust many options specially for you. One more feature, the platform offers a 100% guarantee of the result, no matter what your profile is about and how popular it is. You will see the result, if not, you will get a refund. Last but not least, so many people have been using their services and remained thoroughly satisfied by the outcome.
About Slick Socials:
Slick Socials is a company which boosts Instagram profiles by reaching Instagram likes and followers for accounts. For those who would want to Buy Instagram Likes, it is important to know about their huge previous experience in this field and the whole range of satisfied clients of theirs. Do not hesitate to be one the lucky ones who have tried and got great results in Instagram popularity reaching.
Contact:
Company Name: SlickSocials
E-mail: contact@slicksocials.com
Contact Person: Jane K.
Full Address: 2401 Central Pkwy, Houston, TX 77092
Phone #: 12815348973
Website: https://slicksocials.com
LAKE HAVASU CITY, Ariz. (AP) — Luke Air Force Base officials say an F-16C from the 56th Fighter Wing crashed while attempting to land at a municipal airport in Arizona. The pilot ejected and wasn't seriously injured.
Officials say the jet was on a training flight Tuesday when it diverted to the Lake Havasu City airport and went off the runway while landing, prompting the pilot to eject.
Staff Sgt. Jenna Bigham says the pilot is in good condition and was transported to a hospital.
They say they couldn't provide information on why the plane diverted.
Advertisement
The Today's News-Herald newspaper posted a photo showing the plane apparently missing the nose area of its fuselage.
Lake Havasu City is 134 miles (216 kilometers) northwest of Luke, located in Glendale, a suburb of Phoenix.
ABOVE PHOTO: Monty Hall (Photo: Shutterstock)
associated press
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. –Former “Let's Make a Deal'' host Monty Hall has died. They were 96.
Sharon Hall says their father died Saturday morning of heart failure at their home in Beverly Hills, California.
Hall co-created “Let's Make a Deal,'' which debuted on NBC in 1963 and became a TV staple for decades.
Contestants chosen from the studio audience wore outlandish costumes to attract Hall's attention. The game involved swapping prize items for others hidden behind doors, curtains or in boxes, leading to the famous question: “Do you want Door No. 1, No. 2 or No. 3?''
Their daughter says Hall, who was born in Canada, enjoyed their fame and never turned down an autograph or a chance to use their name to help others.
They estimate they raised nearly $1 billion for charity over their lifetime.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ardent Leisure Group:
* BUSINESS UPDATE AND IMPACT OF US TAX REFORMS
* THEME PARK BUSINESS IS EXPECTED TO REPORT BREAKEVEN EBITDA FOR FIRST HALF WITH POSITIVE EBITDA CONTRIBUTION EXPECTED FOR FY
* EXPECTS TO BOOK TAX CREDIT IN INCOME STATEMENT FOR H1 FY18 IN RANGE OF US$10 MLN TO US$13 MLN, DUE TO U.S. TAX REFORM
* EXPECTS TO BOOK FURTHER NON-CASH, PRE-TAX VALUATION IMPAIRMENT CHARGE IN RANGE OF A$15 MILLION TO A$25 MILLION FOR FIRST HALF OF FY18 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
Andy Peaks feels AFC Rushden & Diamonds will have a good chance of following up their opening-day win as long as they “do the right things” at Thame United tonight (Tuesday).
Nabil Shariff's brace earned Diamonds a 2-0 victory over Hanwell Town at Hayden Road at the weekend.
Now they are preparing for their first away game of the Evo-Stik South League East campaign against a team Peaks has already done a spot of homework on.
“It's a new opponent for us, I watched them the other week at Newport Pagnell and got some information on them,” the Diamonds boss said.
“You can watch teams at this time of year but the accuracy is always a bit limited.
“It's all about what we can do and if we work hard and do the right things, I'll back us to beat most teams. And if a team is better than us on the day then that's football.”
There was a welcome sight of defender Jack Ashton taking part in the warm-up before Saturday's game as they continue their rehabilitation from a knee injury, which kept them out of the majority of last season.
But Peaks insists they won't be rushing either Ashton or midfielder Richard Bunting, who is out with tendonitis at the moment, back into action.
“We will keep looking at Bunts, I am not prepared to rush them back and make it worse,” they added.
“He's had a bit of tendonitis but it's under control and it's definitely getting better.
“I made the decision that I am not going to rush them but they will be in and around things in the next few weeks.
“Jack has done the warm-up a couple of times. They have got a schedule to stick to but Jack is one of those that I am not going to encourage them because it won't take a lot of encouragement for them to come back too quickly.
“He has been great for this club and I want them coming back fit and if that means waiting a bit longer then that's what we will do.”
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
‘It ain't good enough' - that's the message Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce has for their under-performing players.
Barnsley became the latest club to inflict misery on the claret and blues last night, romping to a 3-1 victory over the Championship's most expensively assembled squad.
And Bruce, who has tinkered with formations and personnel in a bid to find the winning formula, is growing tired of watching the same mistakes being made over and over again.
“It ain't good enough. That's for sure,” said the manager after seeing their team slip to their fourth defeat on the spin.
“I think we started off alright for the first 25 minutes and we've had a few chances, but it seems that in the last four or five weeks, we don't take them.
“But we make a mistake and get punished. It goes around in a vicious circle then. It takes over everything and it ends up being one of those ugly nights where it's very, very difficult night for everybody.”
Prior to losing a closely fought encounter with Leeds United at the beginning of December, Villa hadn't tasted defeat in Bruce's first seven matches in charge.
But that 2-0 reverse started a run that has now seen the club lose nine of 14 matches. Bruce has called for their players to go ‘back to basics'.
They added: “That's the way we are at the minute. We had a positive impact three or four months ago and it seems to have eroded.
“We'll have to go back to those basics of what we were and how we changed things around but we've got to stop making the silly mistakes that we make because we hand people a goal, two goals, but that's where we are at the moment.”
April 10 The following are the top stories from select Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Bombardier Inc appears unable to shake off public anger over hefty pay packages to its senior executives. Protesters gathered outside Premier Phillippe Couillard's Montreal offices on Sunday to protest how the executives are compensated. tgam.ca/2pl2kmc
** Oxford Properties Group and technology startup accelerator OneEleven are aiming to turn Toronto into the next San Francisco with Union Park, a long-term redevelopment of Front Street meant to transform it into a downtown innovation cluster. tgam.ca/2pkI9oL
** The British Columbia election battle for seats in one of the province's fastest-growing cities is under way with both major parties Sunday promising cuts or elimination of tolls on a major Surrey bridge. tgam.ca/2pkTEwn
NATIONAL POST
** Most aboriginal communities in northern British Columbia impacted by the Northern Gateway pipeline supported the C$7.9 billion ($5.90 billion) project and are angry Prime Minister Justin Trudeau rejected it, say representatives of three First Nations. bit.ly/2pkTrJj
** Looking to boost revenues and create a pipeline of future international students, some British Columbia universities are turning to a novel idea - letting Chinese companies open private high schools on their campuses. bit.ly/2pkVP31 ($1 = 1.3396 Canadian dollars) (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
Technology in Manufacturing October Meetup Group to focus on the latest innovations in industrial 3D printing, and feature Michael Storey of Beckatt Solutions and David Johnson of GSC.
Contact
Michael Storey
630-206-3993
info@beckatt.com Michael Storey630-206-3993
End
-- Michael Storey, co-founder and Managing Partner of Beckatt Solutions, a Chicagoland-based 3D printer distributor, will present on the latest innovations in industrial 3D printing at the Technology in Manufacturing Meetup Group on Thursday, October 12, 2017, at 6:00 pm. Michael is one of two industry experts who will speak to the advances and latest innovations in 3D printing, specifically as it relates to manufacturing and industry. From the website of the Technology in Manufacturing Meetup Group: "3D printing is quickly becoming a serious and established tool in the manufacturing industry. From design and prototyping to customization and even mass production, the technology is gaining adoption due to its improvements in capabilities and the falling costs of equipment." David Johnson, a mechanical engineer with GSC, will also speak on industrial 3D printing. GSC has locations in Wisconsin and Illinois.In addition to the two speakers, there will be demonstrations of a number of industrial-type 3D printers, including the Mark Two composite 3D printer by Markforged. The Mark Two prints high-strength parts for tooling and functionality, using carbon fiber, fiberglass and Kevlar composite materials. Beckatt Solutions is a wcj channel partner for Markforged, and offers their complete line of industrial and desktop 3D printing solutions and materials.The event will start at 5:30 pm on Thursday, October 12, 2017, at the Offices of Sterling Engineering, Two Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 300, Westchster, IL 60154. Pizza, soft drinks and beer will be served. Please RSVP for the event by emailing info@beckatt.com , or calling and leaving a message at 630-206-3993 ext. 245.The schedule is as follows, with the doors opening at 5:30 pm to allow time for networking:5:30 – 6:30 Meet & Greet / Networking6:30 – 6:45 Short video on 3D Printing6:45 – 7:15 Presenter: David Johnson – GSC7:15 – 7:30 Pizza & Beverages Served7:30 – 8:00 Presenter: Michael Storey – Beckatt Solutions8:00 – 8:30 Q & A / Networking with your peersAbout Technology in ManufacturingThe Technology in Manufacturing Meetup Group is designed for manufacturing professionals that want to stay current on the latest technology. Topics include Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Data Management, Predictive Analytics, Industrial IoT, Drones, Robotics, HMI, SCADA and other technology advances within the manufacturing industryAbout Michael StoreyMichael is the Co-Founder of Beckatt Solutions, a Chicagoland-based company that specializes in additive manufacturing, and 3D printing technologies. With their passion for innovation and early adoption, Michael works with industry leaders to provide answers to unique prototyping and design problems. Michael has worked in 3D printing for four years, and has spent that time learning the industry, the machines and the people.About Beckatt SolutionsLocated in Elgin, IL, Beckatt Solutions is a leading Midwest US distributor of 3D printers, print materials and supplies, scanners and software. The company is committed to providing its clients with cutting-edge 3D printing technologies and services. Co-founders Matthew Pray and Michael Storey founded the company to increase the number of 3D printers, and expand 3D printing services and partners in the Midwest.For more information, contact Michael Storey at 630.206.3993 or mstorey@beckatt.com , or visit Beckatt Solutions online at www.beckatt.com.
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Thinkstock.
Mallory Ortberg is online weekly to chat live with readers. Here's an edited transcript of this week's chat.
Mallory Ortberg: Good morning, everyone! Let's chat.
Q. Unpleasant co-worker wants my job: My co-worker “Janet” has disliked me since the moment I started working at my current office. They go out of their way to criticize every aspect of my work and makes other rude comments to me daily. Usually, I just ignore their aggression, but lately they have begun doing something that I can't ignore. Janet often stays very late at the office, and recently she's begun taking that time to complete my assignments for me. Janet and I work in the same department, but we don't share a job description and are assigned completely different projects!
I approached Janet about the issue and they admitted that they were “trying to impress our boss” by doing the work of two employees. This seems wildly inappropriate to me, and I'm worried I could get fired if I look extraneous. Since I found out about this, I've been staying late at work, just to make sure Janet can't beat me to my own assignments for the next day. But I also don't feel like I should have to compete with Janet for work that isn't even part of their job description. What should I do?
A: Talk to your boss! I imagine part of what you're anxious about is the prospect of upsetting Janet further, but this is something your boss ought to know about and should be able to help you with. Don't worry about coming across like a tattletale. Keep your tone open and bewildered, and ask for clarification: “Lately, Janet has taken to finishing projects you've assigned to me, and I'm having a hard time keeping things straight when they do this without telling me. It's my understanding that we've been assigned completely different projects, and I don't think you've had a problem with my work. Is there something I'm missing? Is there anything we can do to make sure there's a clear division of assignments? I don't want to confuse our clients or disrupt the work schedule I set for myself, and this is making it difficult for me to get my work done.”
Q. Food: I grew up the oldest of four, where nothing was actually mine. I just had things long enough for my siblings to steal them (with help from my parents)—particularly food. If we got cookies, my younger siblings would Hoover theirs and then whine for mine. My mother would demand I share. Halloween candy, birthday cake, the food off my plate, they got it all. This has left me with a particular paranoid tick about my food. I don't like people eating off my plate, stealing my leftovers, or using the groceries I buy. I have gotten into serious fights with roommates over this.
I am dating “CeCe.”  They are a great girl and we have a blast together, but they are a food thief. They will never order any real food, only an appetizer, and then demand to “share” mine. I have talked to CeCe about this. I have told them it annoys and frustrates me when they do this. They continue to do it. We actually had a fight in a restaurant over a slice of cheesecake. I asked if they wanted a dessert and they said no, so I ordered mine. I got up to go to the bathroom and when I came back, CeCe had eaten half of it. They smiled and told me they couldn't help herself. I got angry and we ended up arguing loudly about it. I know this is picky and petty, but I don't know why CeCe can't stop. What do I do here?
A: “I think you think this is a fun game between us, but it brings up a lot of anxiety and distress for me when you take my food when we eat out at restaurants. All I want is for you to order whatever you'd like to eat and to respect my request that we not share. I'd love to be able to do that, because I love your company. But if you keep doing it after my repeated requests to stop, I don't want to go out to eat together. Let me know if you think you can do this; I hope so.”
Q. Did Canada make my sister a snob?: My sister and I are best friends; however, she's recently begun to criticize me whenever we speak via phone. She's a teacher and when they disapprove they often use their “think about what you're doing, child,” voice to ask small, leading questions. For example, my husband lost their job and is starting their own business. They don't agree with this and questions everything. “Do you have a backup plan?” “How does that make you feel?” And, “Are you both sending resumes?” She's gluten-intolerant, so every headache I get is due to me not giving up gluten. They live on the other side of the continent, in Canada, and often tells me I should just up and move my family there because it's so much better, but we own our home and moving that far isn't feasible.
I miss just talking without worrying about how she's going to construe what I say. How can I fix this? For the record, I cannot fly to them as I have small kids and lack the funds.
A: On matters of business: “I know you're worried about Hankstrom's decision to start a business, and I get that. But we've thought carefully about the risks and possibilities, and we're ready to move ahead. I'd appreciate it if we could talk about something else.” (I assume you have thought carefully! It may be that your sister's questions, while irritatingly framed, may be worth considering further!)
On matters of gluten: “I'm really glad that's worked for you. I don't want to have a long dietary discussion whenever I have a headache; sometimes I just want to tell you that I'm having a hard day and my head hurts without trying to fix the problem. Can we do that?”
On matters Canadian: “I'm not moving to Canada. I love you, and I miss getting to see you as often as I'd like, but I don't always want to treat our conversations like a troubleshooting session. I just want to catch up.”
To Get Advice From Prudie:
• send questions for publication to prudence@slate.com. (Questions may be edited.)
• join the live chat Mondays at noon. Submit your questions and comments here before or during the discussion.
• call the voicemail of the Dear Prudence podcast at 401-371-DEAR (3327) to hear your question answered on a future episode of the show.
Q. Appropriation?: My best friend is getting married late this year to an Indian American guy, and they have asked me to be in their wedding. They and I are both white. Them fiancé has made it clear that they want many elements of a traditional Indian wedding to be in this ceremony, including the clothes that my friend and their bridal party will be wearing. It's important to them and to their family that they and their bridesmaids participate in a henna-painting ceremony as well. My friend and I are worried—are we culturally appropriating? These requests are coming from them and their family, not from us—they have cultural significance that is not being erased or ignored. But there is still a very heavy and unpleasant implication in being a white woman wearing Indian clothes. It seems disrespectful and thoughtless. Help! Are we doing the right thing here?
A: You're part of the wedding of a close friend and participating in a significant part of their husband-to-be's cultural tradition, not dressing up for your own amusement on Halloween. You've been invited to share in something that's important to them and their family, and it would be appropriate to accept.
Q. Violating gift policy: I recently worked with an outside company to produce some creative work for my company. The production went very well. A short time later I received a thank-you gift card from the leader of the production company for a service from a spa in my city. Unfortunately, the gift card amount is about $50 above the amount allowed by my company's gift policy.
Since it's for a spa, this isn't the kind of gift I can just share with my co-workers, like a box of chocolates. Should I keep it? Is this insignificant or is it a big deal? It would be difficult and potentially rude to return, since the production company is in a different city and has no use for the card themselves.
A: It's not rude to return a gift you can't use, especially if you're likely to work with this company again and they would, presumably, prefer to send gifts that you're able to accept. Send it back with a note of thanks, saying that you look forward to working together again, and that you appreciate the gesture but can't accept because it's over your company's gift policy.
Q. Re: Food: Break up with them You've set a boundary, you've discussed it multiple times, you've had fights displaying how much it bothers you, and they are making absolutely no effort to change or respect your needs. She's being deliberately unkind at this point.
A: That's worth considering! It's not a great sign that they smiled at you the last time they pulled this stunt, even after you'd made it clear how much this bothers you. Sometimes, especially when you've just started seeing someone and they otherwise seem great, it can be tempting to want to overlook things like this, but I think it's a harbinger of things to come. Reasonable people do not enjoy going against the clearly stated requests of the people they care about, especially if said requests are as easy to honor as “Hey, please get your own plate of food when we go out for dinner.”
Q. Don't want to be your support!: I recently made friends with a young man that comes into my work often. They had a longtime girlfriend, but they recently broke up with him. He's taking it really hard and has chosen me to be their support person. They would call me on social media (since they didn't have my number) and leave voice clips crying and asking for advice. Recently, they got my number from my manager, a mutual friend. My manager is no help as they think this is harmless. The worst is when this guy comes into my work. Since it's a small business, I'm often by myself and am unable to escape their repeated cries of “Why didn't they want me?!” It's emotionally draining, but at the same time I can't be overly cruel since I see this person at work. How can I get this to stop?
A: It's not overly cruel—not even a little bit cruel!—to say to someone, “I can't discuss this with you at work. It seems like you're having a really hard time with this breakup, and I hope you're able to find a therapist you can work with to process your feelings. I can't answer these questions for you about why your relationship ended. You need to stop talking to me about this.”
This young man is not your friend, I don't think. You didn't want them to have your number, and it doesn't sound like you get anything out of your connection with them aside from repeated pestering and a sense of guilt that you can't fix their sadness. Mute or ignore their messages on social media if they persist, and block their number if they don't knock it off after you've made yourself clear. And tell your manager that regardless of whether they think people are “harmless,” that you don't want them to give out your number to anyone.
Q. Re: Violating gift policy: You can always ask your company what to do about the gift. At worst they will tell you to follow Prudie's advice and return the gift. At best, they might make a one-time exception for this gift, and you'd get to have a lovely day at the spa.
A: That's a reasonable first step! Double-check with your company before making a trip to the post office.
Q. Introducing my son on Facebook: I'm the proud mom of a 14-year-old transgender boy. They came out to my husband and me about a year ago, and has recently started living as a boy out in the world. They rely on their dad and me to inform most of the adults in our lives about their identity.
My question is about social media. We've moved around a lot and keep in touch with extended family and old friends primarily through Facebook. My profile is private, and I post occasional pictures and updates about my kids, but for some reason I'm not sure how to start referring to my former daughter as my son. My main concern is protecting my kid, and I have no interest in maintaining a relationship with anyone who's not supportive—I guess I'm just not sure what's the best way to go about this. I'd appreciate any suggestions you have.
A: My inclination is to say that your instinct of wanting to protect your son and to keep things relatively private is a good one! I'm a bit wary of posting many photos of children to social media—even if a 12- or 14-year-old says they're fine with it, because the day may come when they wish they'd had more control over the even semi-publicly available images posted while they were growing up. You can have these conversations with friends and family in person or over the phone without making a coming-out Facebook post on your son's behalf. If at some point your son is comfortable with it, you can simply switch over to using male pronouns/calling them your son when they appear in your posts.
Q. Re: Don't want to be your support!: Be careful. I was in this situation with a former boyfriend of a woman I worked with and liked. It turned out they were really disturbed and had been physically violent and abusive with them They started stalking me and called me all the time. It only stopped after they showed up at my place and I said I couldn't come down to meet them because my (nonexistent) boyfriend was there and wouldn't like it.
It's not hard to see why anyone would break up with this guy—he has no boundaries. They should ask their manager or someone else to not let them into their workplace. That way some of this is on someone else to help stop.
A: I agree that this guy has demonstrated a lot of red flags that suggest he's likely to escalate the situation rather than suddenly develop a lot of boundaries and restraint. He's blown past all normal “getting-to-know-you” levels of new friendship and gone straight to leaving you sobbing voicemails, getting your phone number from your boss, and showing up at your job in order to monologue about their last breakup.
It's a shame that the letter writer's manager isn't taking this seriously. If nothing else, it's counterproductive for business to let this guy hang around; maybe the manager would be more inclined to help set limits if the problem were framed as an issue of productivity. In the meantime, letter writer, you can tell your friends about your concerns, and make sure they know you don't want anyone giving them your private information or sharing your schedule or whereabouts with him.
Discuss this column with Dear Prudence on their Facebook page!
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that their administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even as they said the U.S. dollar was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the economy.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump also said they would like to see U.S. interest rates stay low, another comment at odds with what they had often said during the election campaign.
A U.S. Treasury spokesperson confirmed that the Treasury Department's semi-annual report on currency practices of major trading partners, due out later this week, will not name China a currency manipulator.
The U.S. dollar fell broadly on Trump's comments on both the strong dollar and interest rates, while U.S. Treasury yields fell on the interest rate comments, and Wall Street stocks slipped. [FRX/][US/][.N]
Trump's comments broke with a long-standing practice of both U.S. Democratic and Republican administrations of refraining from commenting on policy set by the independent Federal Reserve. It is also highly unusual for a president to address the dollar's value, which is a subject usually left to the U.S. Treasury secretary.
"They're not currency manipulators," Trump told the Journal about China. The statement is an about-face from Trump's election campaign promises to slap that label on Beijing on the first day of their administration as part of their plan to reduce Chinese imports into the United States.
The Wall Street Journal paraphrased Trump as saying that the reason they changed their mind on the currency issue was because China has not been manipulating its yuan for months and because taking the step now could jeopardize their talks with Beijing on confronting the threat from North Korea.
Separately on Wednesday, at a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, Trump said the United States was prepared to tackle the crisis surrounding North Korea without China if necessary.
The United States last branded China a currency manipulator in 1994. Under U.S. law, labeling a country as currency manipulator can trigger an investigation and negotiations on tariffs and trade.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement that Trump's decision to break their campaign promise on China was "symptomatic of a lack of real, tough action on trade" against Beijing.
“The best way to get China to cooperate with North Korea, is to be tough on them with trade, which is the number one thing China's government cares about,” Schumer said.
TRUMP OPEN TO REAPPOINTING YELLEN AS FED CHAIR
Trump also told the Journal that they respected Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and said they were "not toast" when their current term ends in 2018.
That was also a turnaround from their frequent criticism of Yellen during their campaign, when they said they were keeping interest rates too low.
At other times, however, Trump had said that low rates were good because higher rates would strengthen the dollar and hurt American exports and manufacturers.
"I think our dollar is getting too strong, and partially that's my fault because people have confidence in me. But that's hurting - that will hurt ultimately," Trump said on Wednesday.
"It's very, very hard to compete when you have a strong dollar and other countries are devaluing their currency," Trump told the Journal.
The dollar fell broadly Trump's comments on the strong dollar and on their preference for low interest rates. It fell more than 1.0 percent against the yen, sinking below 110 yen for the first time since mid-November. [FRX/]
“It's hard to talk down your currency unless you're going to talk down your interest rates and so obviously he's trying to get Janet Yellen to play ball with him…", said Robert Smith, president and chief investment officer at Sage Advisory Services in Texas.
Trump's comments about the Fed were their most explicit about the U.S. central bank since they took office in January, and suggest a lower likelihood that they plan to try to push monetary policy in some unorthodox new direction.
Some key Republicans have advocated an overhaul of how the Fed works, using a ruled-based policy that would likely mean higher interest rates - not the lower ones Trump said they prefer.
The Fed in mid-March hiked interest rates for the second time in three months, increasing its target overnight rate by a quarter of a percentage point.
“Maybe he's learning on the job,” said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Chicago-based Northern Trust, noting that with Trump's transition from candidate to president they are now being counseled by more orthodox voices sensitive to what is needed to keep global bond markets on an even keel.
The president is also “very close” to naming a vice chair for banking regulation and filling another open seat that governs community banking on the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said during the interview.
(Additional reporting by Tim Ahmann; Writing by Leslie Adler; editing by Clive McKeef)
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, they say.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
April 28 U.S. drillers added oil rigs for a 15th week in a row, but the pace of those additions slowed in April to the lowest in five months as crude prices fell below $50 a barrel on doubts OPEC will continue to cut production enough to reduce the global glut. Drillers added nine oil rigs in the week to April 28, bringing the total count up to 697, the most since April 2015, energy services firm Baker Hughes Inc said on Friday. RIG-OL-USA-BHI While that is more than double the same week a year ago when there were only 332 active oil rigs, the pace of additions has declined in April with 35 rigs deployed, the lowest since November when 33 rigs were added. That compares with the addition 60 oil rigs in March, the most added in a month since December 2011. U.S. crude futures traded above $49 a barrel on Friday after dropping to a one-month low the previous day, amid doubts the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) production cuts will restore balance to an oversupplied market, especially as U.S. drillers keep producing more oil. U.S. crude output C-OUT-T-EIA last week hit its highest since August 2015 at 9.3 million barrels per day, according to government data. Despite recent price declines, analysts continued to project U.S. energy firms would boost spending on drilling and pump more oil and natural gas from shale fields in coming years with energy prices expected to climb in future months. Futures for were fetching about $50 a barrel for the balance of 2017 and around $51 for calendar 2018 . Rising crude prices helped Chevron Corp and Exxon Mobil Corp easily beat analysts' quarterly profit expectations on Friday, setting an upbeat tone as the two companies press ahead with shale oil expansions. Chevron said it will boost its Permian drilling rig count by 67 percent to 20 rigs by end of 2018. Halliburton Co , the world's second biggest oilfield services provider, said this week that oil producers are completing nearly as many wells as they are drilling. Oil producer Hess Corp said this week it is increasing spending this year, planning to have six drilling rigs in North Dakota's Bakken shale by the end of the year, helping to boost production well into 2018. Analysts at Simmons & Co, energy specialists at U.S. investment bank Piper Jaffray, this week forecast the total oil and gas rig count would average 847 in 2017, 1,045 in 2018 and 1,178 in 2019. Most wells produce both oil and gas. That compares with an average of 768 so far in 2017, 509 in 2016 and 978 in 2015, according to Baker Hughes data. (Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
Contact
Guyson International Ltd
***@guyson.co.uk Guyson International Ltd
End
-- Leading surface finishing equipment manufacturerwill be releasing details of their, aimed at additive manufacturers with powder based systems, at the forthcoming TCT + Personalize show which is held at the NEC from the 26-28th September 2017. Alongside, Guyson will be showcasing its range of 'surface finishing stations'. This exhibition covers all aspects of 3D printing, additive manufacturing (AM) and rapid prototyping and to find out more about these latest new developments from Guyson come along toMark Viner, Managing Director of Guyson's Blast & Wash Division, says "Users of powder based additive manufacturing systems are encouraged to come onto the Guyson stand to have constructive conversations about the benefits our latest robotically controlled finishing station and powder recovery system will bring to the user and discuss the time and financial savings to be made and the operational safety benefits over current manual operations. This exciting new development for the AM sector incorporates the best of Guyson's long standing automated robotic blasting technology coupled with Guyson's technology partner Russell Finex's sieving and screening expertise".Guyson will also be exhibiting entry and mid-level manual finishing stations and complementary dust collection options which incorporate numerous safety features, beyond most competitors, enabling the operator to surface finish almost any material safely.Guyson's entry level finishing station for 3D Printed components is the Guysonwhich will also feature a Pencil Blast unit with micro tipped blast nozzle for intricate detailed surface finishing. The 1400 'AM' unit forms part of the Guyson Formula blast range which offers three cabinet sizes; including a bench-top version and is ideal for smoothing out striation lines, finishing SLS prototypes orAlso showing will be awhich has been devised especially for the additive manufacturing (AM) market. These particular 'AM' finishing stations are designed specifically for surface finishing Stainless, Aluminium, Titanium or Inconel built components, which are often used in aerospace and medical sector. Some of these exotic materials have the potential to create explosive dust when blasted, so special provision is made with these Guyson blast systems to mitigate those risks.The Guyson 'AM blast systems' come complete with full earth braiding to the cabinet, gun, dust collector and hose and include ground nuts on all the main contact points to prevent any static spark generation and also anti-static fabric gauntlets to allows the operator greater flexibility when blasting whilst preventing media escape. Also externally located LED lighting, for good illumination of the blast area and to remove any chance of a spark within the blast chamber.The Guyson AM blast cabinets are complemented with the new range of AM specified dust collectors, Guyson will be exhibiting the mid-range C600-AM dust collector designed to accompany the Euroblast 6SF–AM also on show. Again conscious of the explosive potential of some of the materials that can be involved in additive manufacturing thehas a host of features and options to minimise risks including; explosion relief valve, explosion isolation valve, secondary HEPA filtration, waste bin balance pipe - this enables dust collection in a plastic bag (located in the collection bin hopper) that can be quickly sealed on removal, minimising dust in the open atmosphere and a waste bin level sensor.Depending on the specific zone or environment, the AM dust collector can be specified with fully ATEX compliant motor, controls and switchgear.Manning the stand will be a number of Guyson sales engineers able to answer visitors' technical queries on the equipment or on application usage. Prospective users of Guyson finishing stations or powder recovery systems are also encouraged to submit sample components for free feasibility testing to the company's extensive 'Component Finishing Centre' in Skipton, North Yorkshire.Guyson International Limited is a privately owned family company with a world-wide reputation for excellence in the design and manufacture of blast finishing, spray wash and ultrasonic cleaning equipment. Formed nearly 80 years ago, the company is registered to BS EN ISO 9001: 2008 and BS OHSAS 18001:2007 and its head office is located at Skipton, North Yorkshire, in the north of England. Guyson has four international subsidiary companies: Guyson Corporation of the USA, located in Saratoga Springs, New York State; Guyson SA, situated near Paris, France; Guyson Sdn Bhd in Penang, Malaysia; and Guyson CN, in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province, China.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's fish fingers will be "safe in the hands" of the Government during Brexit talks, a minister has declared.
Treasury minister Mel Stride made the pledge after being urged by Labour's Mel Onn to offer assurances over the future over the tea-time favourite produced in their Great Grimsby constituency.
Ms Onn insisted sensible customs arrangements need to continue to prevent delays harming the "time-sensitive" fish trade and processing industry.
Speaking in the Commons, Mr Stride said: "Their fish fingers, indeed everybody's fish fingers, will be safe in the hands of this Government."
Ms Onn had told the minister: "Today's news on the customs arrangements during the transition phase will come as a very welcome update to business in the logistics ro-ro port operations, but particularly for the time-sensitive fish trade and processing industry.
"Continuation of these sensible arrangements are essential for the long-term future of Great Grimsby's processing sector and 5,000 jobs.
"Will they tell the British public that their Grimsby fish fingers will be safe in their hands after we leave the EU?"
An investigation has been launched into a deadly plane crash reported on Molokaʻi earlier today.
Allen Kenitzer with the FAA Office of Communications tells Maui Now that the accident occurred near Maunaloa, Hawaiʻi when a Cessna 206 aircraft crashed while inbound to the Molokaʻi Airport under “unknown circumstances.”
According to Kenitzer, the aircraft was the subject of a search earlier on Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017.
Local authorities say that at least two people were onboard, and have confirmed two fatalities from within the aircraft.
Kenitzer called the information preliminary and said both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board will investigate.
Officials from the Maui Fire Department say the small private aircraft went down late Sunday morning, Dec. 10, 2017 about four miles west of the airport.
Emergency crews received the call at 11:15 a.m. from the aircraft traffic control tower at Molokaʻi Airport that they had lost communication from an aircraft that would have been around 3-4 miles west of the airfield at last contact.
ADVERTISEMENT
At around 12:12 p.m., Molokaʻi firefighters located the crash site and wreckage, but crews did not find any survivors. While responding to the crash site, fire crews reported low cloud ceilings and fog that dipped down to ground level while on the Maunaloa Highway. It was not raining at the time.
The crash site was described to be about a half-mile east of the Molokaʻi VOR, a navigational aid used by aircraft flying into the Molokaʻi Airport during times of bad weather. Workers from Molokaʻi Ranch assisted crews by opening locked gates so firefighters could gain access to remote areas to search for the missing aircraft.
Crews used small all-terrain-vehicles to reach the crash site because the heavily mudded roads from recent rains made it too difficult for larger fire trucks to pass. Maui Fire Services Chief Edward Taomoto said the aircraft apparently caught fire and burned in the crash and firefighters had to fully extinguish areas that were still smoldering.
Firefighters and police will be removing the bodies from the aircraft this afternoon. Molokaʻi police will be securing the scene until federal investigators from the FAA and NTSB can arrive.
*Check back for further information, which will be posted as it becomes available.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
COLOMBO, April 6 Sri Lankan shares rose for an eighth straight session on Thursday to their highest close in nearly four months led by blue chips such as Ceylon Tobacco Company Plc and John Keells Holdings Plc as continued foreign buying boosted sentiment.
The Colombo stock index ended 0.83 percent firmer at 6,250.04, its highest close since Dec. 19, 2016. The index rose 1.1 percent last week, posting its first weekly gain in six. The index climbed 4.60 percent in the last eight sessions through Thursday.
"Market bounced back from its oversold position on foreign buying, Thanks to the blue chip counters. But whether this trend will continue or not is the question," said Yohan Samarakkody, head of research, SC Securities.
"Everything depends on how foreign buyers react in the future."
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 256.6 million rupees ($1.69 million) on Thursday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 6.33 billion rupees in equities. They have net bought 3.84 billion worth equities in the past 13 sessions.
Turnover stood at 578.05 million rupees, less than this year's daily average of 745.1 million rupees.
Shares of Ceylon Tobacco Company Plc gained 3.44 percent, conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc climbed 1.37 percent, while Colombo Cold Stores Plc rose 0.84 percent.
($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
The angry birds at Rovio Entertainment Oy could launch an initial public offering (IPO) as early as next month that could value the maker of the Angry Birds mobile games and movie at about €1.7 billion, said people familiar with the matter.
The company could raise about €340 million from a local market listing, the people said, asking not to be identified as the details are not public. No final decisions have been made and the company could also choose to stay private for longer, they said.
A listing would test investors' appetite for entertainment software, a group whose shares have declined an average of 18 per cent from their offer prices following IPOs this year.
That's because mobile game makers often struggle to replicate the success of initial blockbusters. King Digital Entertainment Plc, the creator of Candy Crush, was acquired for a 20 per cent discount to its IPO price in 2015 amid revenue declines. And Netmarble Games Corp, the maker of the Lineage and Stone Age mobile games – and South Korea's biggest listing in seven years – has declined 17 per cent since its shares started trading in May.
Advisers
Carnegie Bank, Danske Bank and Deutsche Bank are among banks advising on a potential listing, the people said. Representatives for Rovio, Carnegie, Danske and Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
Board director Kaj Hed holds about 69 per cent of Rovio after investing €1 million more than a decade ago into the company co-founded by their nephew Niklas Hed.
Proceeds from an IPO could also help the company fund the Angry Birds Movie 2, planned for 2019. The company's first film in the franchise, released last year, made about $350 million in worldwide box-office sales. Rovio is also focusing on fuelling demand for game titles such as Battle Bay and newer versions of Angry Birds.
Rovio, based in Espoo, Finland, reported revenue growth of 34 per cent for 2016 to €190.3 million and earnings before interest and taxes of about €17.5 million compared with a loss in the previous year. The company, like many game makers, has been searching for new growth after its initial success with the Angry Birds mobile game.
The company sold parts of its business to Kaiken Entertainment, a start-up led by former chief executive Mikael Hed and other company veterans, in March. The sale – which included Rovio's TV animation studio, book publishing business and some non-Angry Birds properties – was part of a reorganisation at the company's animation business aimed at reviving growth. – (Bloomberg)
One hundred years on historian GORDON LUCY looks back at a WWI battle which saw the 16th (Irish) and 36th (Ulster) Divisions sustain heavy casualties and receive criticism from two senior officers
The Second Battle of Langemarck, which took place between August 16 and 18 1917 may be regarded as the second phase of the wider Battle of Third Ypres.
Hubert Gough, commander of the Fifth Army, was critical of the performance of both Irish divisions
The First Battle of Langemarck took place in October 1914 during the Battle of First Ypres.
The Second Battle of Langemarck was fought in a quagmire because of unseasonably heavy rain and because of the weight of the British bombardment, which destroyed the area's drainage system.
Major-General Oliver Nugent, the commanding officer of the Ulster Division, wrote to their wife: ‘The weather conditions are simply indescribable. My headquarters are in a grove of trees about a quarter of a mile of the main road, and there is only one track to it. The mud in the camp is only surpassed by the mud in front. I met [Lieutenant-Colonel] Audley Pratt [the commanding officer of the 11th Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers] looking rather curious up in front. They had not had a wash or their clothes off for three days, nor shaved and was caked in mud, but still cheerful.'
On August 16 five British divisions (including the 16th (Irish) and 36th (Ulster) Divisions) and two French divisions attacked the German positions. Weary British troops were pitched against well-constructed German bunkers, concentrated batteries and clusters of heavy machine guns.
Major General Oliver Nugent, commanding officer of the Ulster Division, said conditions at the front were simply indescribable
Of the Ulster Division's role in the battle, Cyril Falls wrote: ‘So heavily had the battalions lost since the division took over the line, and particularly during the last 24 hours in the trenches, that 70 men was about the average strength of the company. There were assuredly not two thousand infantrymen in the force that went “over the top”. The foremost wave must have consisted of less than three hundred men, probably reduced to a third within half a minute. Not unfitting was the description of a sergeant who took part in the attack: “It looked more like a big raiding party than anything else”.'
Falls continued: ‘In the circumstances, after what they had endured, with ranks so thinned, against such opposition, it may be said, without calling upon superlatives or high-flown words, that none but troops of the highest quality would have gone forward at all.'
Of Langemarck, Major-General Nugent wrote (on August 16) to their wife: ‘It has been a truly terrible day. Worse than 1 July [1916] I am afraid. Our losses have been very heavy indeed … ' Audley Pratt was one of the casualties. As the assault began they stepped out of their command post and was mortally wounded by an exploding shell.
On August 17 Douglas Haig, the commander of the BEF, visited Hubert Gough, the commander of the Fifth Army and the man in charge of the campaign at this stage. In their diary Haig recorded that Gough was displeased with the performance of the 16th (Irish) and 36th (Ulster) Divisions. General Watts, the commander of the XIX Corps, also gave a bad account of the two divisions.
Haig proved to be much more sympathetic to the two Irish divisions: ‘… I gather that the attacking troops had a long march up to the evening before the battle through Ypres to the front line and then had to fight from zero 4.45 am until nightfall. The men could have had no sleep and must have been dead tired. Here also a number of concrete buildings and dugouts were never really destroyed by artillery fire, and do not appear to have been taken. So the advances made here were small.'
The diary of Captain Martin Littlewood of the RAMC, who was in a charge of a dressing station on the eastern outskirts of Ypres, evidences the horror and awful conditions experienced by the wounded at Langemarck. On August 24 a sergeant in the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers was stretchered in, heavily wounded, their uniform plastered with mud. They had lain in a shell hole for nine days. Another Irish soldier whom they treated had been on the battlefield for 11 days. They had been tending two wounded men, and it was only when they died that they made their way, crawling, back to their own lines.
A post-action report focused on five reasons for the failure of the attack:
• The divisions were holding the line for 13 days prior to the attack. They were under near continuous shelling and had to supply from their resting battalions to various working parties, sometimes up to a 1,000 men a day, again these had to work under fire from enemy artillery.
• The waterlogged ground; many areas were underwater that was up to knee deep. This water also concealed shell holes, barbed wire and decomposing bodies of men and animals.
• The machine guns in pill boxes, the vast majority of which were undamaged by British guns and a defence that had been organised ‘in depth' as opposed to linear.
• The British were outgunned in artillery, both in numbers and in firepower.
• The failure of the British guns to cut the wire as effectively as it [sic] had done at Messines.
There is one other comparison which may be made with Messines (which this analysis omits) and it is the contrast between operations at Messines under Plumer's command and at Langemarck under that of Hubert Gough. Whereas Plumer was a meticulous planner, Gough was a thruster who did not enjoy the confidence of their subordinates. Plumer's legendary care and attention to detail made a profound difference.
Langemarck is usually viewed as an unmitigated disaster from a British perspective and understandably so, but the military historian Gary Sheffield has highlighted the fact that Ludendorff, the effective commander of Germany's armies and war effort, described the battle as ‘another great blow' that landed on the defenders – a striking reminder that success and failure can only be properly adjudicated by considering both sides of no man's land. It is important to appreciate that in August 1917 the Germans lost several important positions in the Ypres Salient.
Furthermore Ludendorff conceded that some of the German defenders were ‘no longer displaying that firmness' that their commanders expected. These are important correctives to the prevailing British understanding of Langemarck.
April 3 China Smarter Energy Group Holdings Ltd
* Expects to report a unrealised loss on investments in listed financial assets at fair value through profit and loss for year ended 31 March 2017
* Will also record unrealised loss on investments in listed financial assets at fair value through profit and loss of HK$149 million for year ended 31 March Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 China Resources Land Ltd
* Shenzhen Sungang China Resources Land Development Co. and China Resources Ng Fung Meat Products entered into a compensation agreement
* Agreement in relation to relocation under Urban Renewal Plan of Sungang Cold Storage Warehouse in Luohu District, Shenzhen
* Project company has agreed to pay an amount of RMB1.39 billion
* Agreement for facilitating and implementing urban renewal project of Sungang Cold Storage Warehouse In Luohu District Source text: (bit.ly/2nDHb7n) Further company coverage:
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting their very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has their own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for theirs name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for Their Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for their legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for their artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
Breaking all the social barriers and taboos, poor women in Bangladesh are now engaged in rural development works across the country as laborers.
The Local Government Engineering Department (LGED) of Bangladesh initiated the move in the early 1980s, a time when a section of the so-called local elite and influential people stood in their way to move forward, ipsnews.com wrote.
The engineers of LGED walked a long way to make this happen. They brought the working women under a platform named ‘Labor Contracting Society' or ‘LCS'. Most of the LCS members are poor women from local communities. The LGED in cooperation with the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) have been successful in formally shaping the LCS concept.
IFAD as an important development partner of Bangladesh, working with the government for the last four decades and supporting the country in alleviating poverty and strengthening the rural economy.
The participation of women in the LCS for rural development is on the rise and they are replacing formal business contractors who have no accountability once the work is done.
The LGED has laid out eligibility criteria for the LCS members, particularly for the women living within a 2-km radius of the work station to include those who are unemployed, divorced or separated from their husbands, widows, destitute, with physically challenged person/s in their families, those who do not have more than 0.5 acres of land, including the homestead, and who are adults and physically fit to take on construction work. There are also men in LCS but their numbers are insignificant.
These poor women have proven that they can build rural roads and markets, and maintain them in the long run better than the private contractors. They also own their own work as their community asset, which can never be expected from the business contractors.
IFAD is promoting the active participation of LCS members in most of their projects in the country, the Coastal Climate Resilient Infrastructure Project (CCRIP) being one of them. LGED considers CCRIP as a ‘Silver Bullet' for eradicating rural poverty and unemployment.
CCRIP Project Director AKM Lutfur Rahman said apart from engineering aspects of infrastructure development, they consider its social aspects, too.
“So, we call it ‘Social Engineering', in a broader sense ‘engineering for poverty alleviation, education, irrigation, agriculture, women empowerment and tree plantation and so on'.”
LGED and IFAD are planning to further strengthen the LCS and diversify their effective involvement in the projects. As part of this, both the organizations recently supported a study conducted by Professor Sharmind Neelormi of the Economics Department of Jahangirnagar University, Bangladesh, on the LCS.
The study found that the concept of a ‘Labor Contracting Society' is a proven successful formula for reaching out to the target groups and implementation of their work. Higher quality of work coupled with an increase in daily labor income and skill development form a strong base for further strengthening and expansion of this model.
Earlier this month, Professor Neelormi presented the key findings of the study at an LGED seminar in Dhaka. They put forward a set of recommendations to further improve the LCS. The key recommendations include ensuring gender-friendly working environment in project areas; revising the wage structure in the schedule considering seasonality, location-specific requirements and inflation adjustment; exercising the practice of ‘Force Majeure' as contractual agreement; ensuring life and injury insurance during road maintenance and market construction works; and ensuring the use of retro-reflective vests.
BEIJING (AP) — China's foreign ministry says Stern Hu, a former executive of the mining giant Rio Tinto, has been released from prison.
Hu, an Australian citizen, was released Wednesday. They were given a 10-year sentence in Shanghai after being convicted of accepting bribes and stealing trade secrets in 2010. The case strained relations between Australia and China, the former's largest trading partner.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said during a regular press briefing in Beijing that Hu's sentence was reduced.
Lu said Hu's "lawful rights and interests in accordance with law" were ensured during their prison sentence and that their sentence was "mitigated" because they also observed China's "laws, regulations and disciplines."
Advertisement
Hu led Rio Tinto's iron ore operations in China before they and three Chinese colleagues were arrested in 2009.
MEXICO CITY, April 5 Mexican cement maker Cemex will keep its Croatian operations after the European Commission blocked their sale to Hungary's Duna-Drava Cement Kft, Cemex said in a statement on Wednesday.
CEMEX Croatia operates 3 cement plants, 7 concrete plants, 2 quarries and a network of maritime and land-based terminals in Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Montenegro, the company said.
Duna-Drava Cement KFT is a joint venture owned by German HeidelbergCement AG and Schwenk Zement AG. (Reporting by Alexandra Alper)
The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll on long-term care was conducted March 13-April 5 by NORC at the University of Chicago, with funding from the SCAN Foundation. It is based on online and telephone interviews of 1,845 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's nationally representative AmeriSpeak panel.
The AmeriSpeak panel includes respondents originally selected randomly from NORC's National Frame based on address-based sampling and recruited by mail, email, telephone and face-to-face interviews.
NORC interviews participants over the phone if they don't have internet access. With a probability basis and coverage of people who can't access the internet, surveys using AmeriSpeak are nationally representative.
Interviews with AmeriSpeak panelists were conducted in English and Spanish.
Advertisement
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education, census region and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of nonresponse among panel members selected for the survey.
No more than 1 time in 20 should chance variations in the sample cause the results to vary by more than plus or minus 3.3 percentage points from the answers that would be obtained if all adults in the U.S. were polled.
There are other sources of potential error in polls, including the wording and order of questions.
The questions and results are available at http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/.
Position1SEO (position1seo.co.uk), one of the top SEO agencies in the UK, is proud to say that they can provide expert social media management services to those who want to take their online business to the next level. Because having social media accounts can be beneficial to increasing a company's online presence, it is common for entrepreneurs to seek the aid of SEO consultants like Position1SEO to handle such accounts.
Position1SEO's services can help business owners by creating and linking accounts for social media platforms such as Google+, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. After that, they focus on garnering followers for these profiles and creating relevant contents and posts for the followers to read.
The dynamic functionality of such social networking sites are now enabling businesses to promote their products and services, and communicate with their clients in a cost-efficient way. And with the knowledge of Position1SEO's experts, they can use these platforms for effective web marketing campaigns specifically designed to promote products and services to a particular target market. So for those who are considering to avail of social media services for their business, now is the best time to contact this agency.
They understand that businesses without active accounts in major social media platforms are missing out on important marketing opportunities. Most importantly, they know that the main use of these accounts is to attract potential customers by establishing a strong brand visibility. Thus, clients can rely on the SEO experts from this agency to always be prepared to deliver services that are efficient and of high-quality.
With their strategic techniques for handling the accounts mentioned above, clients can feel confident that the social media activities of their business are being taken care of by experts with great attention to detail.
Aside from the effective social media management service that this company offers, take note that they also have incredible freebies such as free SEO audit and conversion advice. These offerings are ideal for online entrepreneurs who want to get started with optimising their business websites.
To discover more information about Position1SEO and their comprehensive range of services, please visit their official website at position1seo.co.uk.
About Position1SEO
Position1SEO is one of the most trusted providers of social media management and search engine optimisation services in the United Kingdom. This agency is dedicated to providing services that will help improve the ranking of their clients' websites. Their knowledgeable experts use proven SEO strategies to deliver nothing but positive outcomes. And because of their excellent offerings, it's no surprise that they have a continually growing number of satisfied clients. If you're interested in availing of Position1SEO's offerings, you can visit their website at position1seo.co.uk. You may also call at 0141 404 7515 to speak with someone directly or send your written enquiries via office@position1seo.co.uk.
Turkey said eight of its troops were killed Saturday (local time) in Ankara's military operation against a Syrian Kurdish militia, the deadliest day in the two-week-old offensive in the enclave of Afrin, while in another part of Syria, al-Qaida-linked militants downed a Russian fighter jet, then shot and killed the pilot.
Part of a Russian plane that was shot down by rebel fighters over northwest Idlib province in Syria. Source: Associated Press
In a statement late Saturday (local time), the Turkish military said five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack near Afrin. The soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts, it said.
Earlier in the day, three Turkish soldiers were reported killed in the Afrin offensive - one was killed in the area of the tank attack, another in northern Syria and the third on the Turkish side of the border in what Ankara said was an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation, codenamed Olive Branch, started on January 20 now stands at 13.
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the US-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which it considers to be a terrorist organisation and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey.
From Istanbul, Turkish presidential spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of the YPG "anywhere" along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand the Afrin operation eastward. Turkey's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed, Kalin said.
They called on the United States to "disengage" from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with "our American allies to avoid any confrontation."
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
Meanwhile, in the embattled northwestern province of Idlib, al-Qaida-linked militants said they downed a Russian fighter jet and killed its pilot after they ejected from the plane and landed on the ground.
The pilot resisted being captured and fired at the militants who then shot and killed him, according to one of the militants and Syrian monitors.
The Russian Defense Ministry confirmed the downing of the Su-25 and said the pilot was killed in fighting with "terrorists." A report on the ministry's Zvezda TV said preliminary information indicated the plane was shot by a portable ground-to-air missile in an area under control of al-Qaida's branch in Syria.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed near the rebel-held town of Saraqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad, and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of their forces since 2015. Since then, Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib. The province is also a base for al-Qaida's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when they resisted capture. The pilot opened fire from their pistol as the militants were trying to seize him, said the militant, who refused to be identified by their real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man, their face stained with blood, as bearded gunmen stand around him. One of the armed men shouts: "He is Russian." The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Here's a nightmare I've actually had: I'm a soldier in a war, and no one's told me what to do. Bullets are whizzing overhead and death could arrive at any moment. Everyone around me seems to know what they're doing, but not me. I shouldn't be here. I'm just some guy. I sit there, paralyzed, waiting to die.
Battlefield 1's competitive multiplayer recreates that nightmare with remarkable precision. It's one of the most jarring, exhilarating, and terrifying video games I've played in a long time.
This piece originally appeared 10/28/16.
Before last week, I hadn't played a Battlefield game in over a decade. My return to competitive first-person shooters has been driven by Destiny and Overwatch, two bright, fantastical games where the characters are all superheroes. I was intrigued by BF1, so I downloaded it and started playing over the weekend. I was unprepared for what I was getting into.
Advertisement
My first few games were absurdly stressful. A nightmare. At any given moment, mortar fire could explode overhead. Buildings cracked and crumbled. Dust and fog and poison gas billowed through the air. It was impossible to see what was in front of me.
I would spawn in with no idea what I was supposed to do or where I was supposed to go. I'd usually be gunned down in seconds, falling dead while screams and gunfire echoed around me. My colleague Heather Alexandra was our squad commander, confidently issuing orders and relaying tips and advice as they fought their way onward. None of it stuck. I was overwhelmed.
Advertisement
In the days since then I've grown much more capable, but that base-level nightmare feeling has yet to fully dissipate. Time and again I'm struck by how aggressively this video game simulates the disorienting dirge of warfare.
A couple weeks ago, Heather wrote about how, in their view, BF1's multiplayer undercuts its dramatic, reverent single-player story campaign. The story missions effectively capture the horror of the Great War, they wrote, “but when multiplayer is added to the mix, there's a fundamental tension that cannot be reconciled.” They elaborated:
The multiplayer entirely undermines this message. Leveling up to get new weapons, nailing amazing headshots, and winning yet another control point round are all experiences meant to be engaging but ultimately frivolous. Count to ten and you'll respawn for another life. Lose a round, but in the next the map resets as if nothing was lost. Everything is consequence-free. War is a game.
Advertisement
After a week with the game, I feel differently. To me, Battlefield 1 multiplayer is anything but frivolous, and even manages to abstractly recreate the chaos of war in a way that would be nearly impossible in a linear, scripted story. The truths it communicates are basic ones, and almost all of them aren't specific to World War 1. But they're also things I've rarely been shown by a video game.
My perspective is doubtless shaped by the fact that I've barely played Battlefield 1's single-player story campaign. After completing the terrific, much-talked-about first story mission, I switched over to multiplayer. I've finished a couple more story missions since then and I'm sure I'll play more, but I'm actually enjoying the perspective I've gained by sticking to multiplayer.
Advertisement
The twist in that first mission is a clever one: the characters you're controlling aren't meant to survive. You hop into and out of the boots of a handful of soldiers attempting to hold off a German assault. Each time you die, you're thrown into a new body on a new front of the same battle. It's an effective way to capture the human cost of war in a video game while avoiding the narrative record-scratch of video game death and resurrection.
That first story mission has informed the way I view Battlefield multiplayer. As far as I'm concerned, each time I die, my character died for good. Each time I respawn, I'm a new soldier, fed back into the meat grinder. The only Battlefield narrative I've known involves running wild-eyed into battle, cowering in the mud, and dying an unceremonious, shitty death.
Advertisement
Some of BF1's multiplayer systems reinforce this way of viewing the game. For example, you can't really customize your soldier's look. You can change their guns or equipment, but unlike a lot of other multiplayer shooters, you can't name them Harambe, or make them look like Drake, or dress them up in a special hat and a hot pink vest. The lack of options anonymizes your character, which helps it feel like you could be controlling anyone. The guy I'm playing now might as well be someone unrelated to the guy I was playing before I last died.
Several of BF1's most popular modes keep score with a ticket system that's distinct from other multiplayer shooters. Attacking teams have a limited pool of respawn tickets, and each time a player dies, they spend a ticket to spawn back in. Run out of tickets and your team will lose the round. You're not just scoring points for kills; the game is subtly telling you that each death is a loss. There are only so many soldiers to fuel each battle.
Like a soldier on the Dardanelles in 1915, I also often have very little sense of the larger conflict around me. Sometimes I lean into that and actively avoid focusing on anything but my marching orders. I know I'm supposed to go and take point Charlie. I know that if I survive that, I'll wait for new orders from my squad leader. But when my side wins or loses, it often comes as a surprise. All at once, a “You Won” screen pops up and the battle is over. That feeling of detachment from big-picture strategy is mostly due to the fact that Battlefield 1's user interface is bad and the game does a poor job explaining itself to players. It's not a conscious attempt to simulate the tunnel vision of a WW1 infantryman, but it gets the job done.
Advertisement
My experience with Battlefield 1 has also been shaped by the fact that I'm not very good. I spend each game wide-eyed and creeping my way forward, hoping to get the drop on someone before I inevitably get killed. I haven't learned the best routes or the safest tactics, and I haven't unlocked the best guns. My games are not an endless string of death-defying killing sprees and close-shave escapes. Almost every time I spawn, it's a matter of minutes—sometimes seconds—until I'm horribly slaughtered.
Seventeen million soldiers were killed during World War 1. It's an unfathomable number, but I still think about it as I play. Electronic Arts crassly compared their beta user numbers to enlistment numbers from the actual war, but I say why not go one further: How many players had to die in-game before we eclipsed the number of deaths in the war itself? How fast did that happen? What's the death toll at now, and how many deaths' worth of World War 1s have we collectively fought? (Don't hold your breath for EA to tweet that one out.)
Advertisement
For all its grimness, Battlefield 1 still contains plenty of enjoyable video game nonsense. We run highlight clips every day of the ridiculous shit that can happen in this game, and you can only be killed by NAUGHTY-MUFF69 (real name) so many times before the illusion falters a little. Hell, my soldiers all roll into battle with the same stupid custom arm-patch, ready to rub it in the faces of their vanquished foes.
None of that diminishes the game's moment-to-moment ferocity, nor the panic I feel when I'm pinned down and frantically looking for an escape. Most of my deaths are the saddest kind of war story: Not about the hero or the great sacrifice, but about a pointless death that no one noticed.
Advertisement
Once upon a time, a soldier ran into the trenches and got blown up by a mortar that wasn't even aimed at him.
This soldier tried to crawl out to an injured comrade and died before they could reach him.
This soldier got separated from their squad and was stabbed to death from behind.
This soldier stuck their head out of a foxhole and was immediately killed by a sniper.
Advertisement
This soldier brought down three enemy infantrymen before a fourth one got off a lucky shot.
This soldier choked to death on gas.
I've died those deaths and more, but if you squint your eyes they might as well be true stories. The way the game anonymizes and abstracts death only echoes our own removal from World War 1 itself. A lot of people died, we think. For many of us, particularly Americans, that's as far as World War 1 goes. But one hundred years ago, this shit really happened. Those very deaths, over and over again; 17 million times.
Advertisement
For all the historical horror that Battlefield 1 multiplayer so effectively resurrects, I'm still enthralled by it. I wouldn't exactly call it “fun,” though it's become more satisfying as I've gotten more proficient. I'm drawn to it because it makes me feel things that few video games have managed: terror and constant danger, and the exhilarating feeling that actual human beings seek to do me harm.
At every moment of every game, there is an unshakeable sense that I'm being hunted by someone I can't see. Not an artificial intelligence, but a real, thinking person. Someone I can outsmart and ambush—or who can outsmart me. That's true of most competitive multiplayer games, but thanks to the immense scale of Battlefield's 64-player maps, it's always possible that there's no one out there at all. It's the uncertainty that gets under my skin. I need only stand up to find out for sure.
Advertisement
Battlefield 1 is at its most vivid when I play by myself. No friends in my party, no chatter to distract me. I make my way through the husk of another war-ruined city, praying I haven't been noticed. I hit the deck before cresting the nearest hill. My view is distorted by smoke and fog, and I can barely see where I'm going. A plane drones by overhead. I hear a horse in the distance. When I die, I won't see it coming. It could happen at any moment. I'm constantly bracing for it.
Advertisement
In a cutscene at the end of that blood-soaked first story mission, two opposing soldiers are left standing. For some reason, neither one fires at the other. They regard one another across the bodies of their fallen comrades and slowly lower their weapons. It's an affecting and well-executed moment, but it rings false.
Battlefield 1's multiplayer has no room for that sort of sentiment or scripted visual poetry. It hews to a harsher truth. In this war, you kill everyone you can until someone kills you. You're already dead. It's just a matter of when.
April 13 WELLS CFO SAYS AUTO LOAN PORTFOLIO WILL CONTINUE TO DECLINE AS BANK TIGHTENS UNDERWRITING STANDARDS WELLS CFO SAYS HEADCOUNT WILL DECLINE OVER TIME DUE TO OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCIES AND IF MORTGAGE DEMAND DECLINES WELLS FARGO CLOSED 39 BRANCHES IN 1Q, ON TRACK TO CLOSE 200 THIS YEAR-CFO WELLS FARGO WILL SAVE $2B ANNUALLY STARTING IN 2018 AND REINVEST IN BUSINESS--CFO WELLS FARGO CEO SLOAN SAYS NET INTEREST INCOME EXPECTED TO GROW DURING 2017 WELLS FARGO CEO SAYS SALES SCANDAL WILL CONTINUE TO HURT NEW ACCOUNT AND CREDIT CARD OPENINGS IN 2Q, THEN REBOUND WELLS FARGO CEO SAYS IT IS 'DIFFICULT TO PINPOINT' REVENUE IMPACT FROM SALES SCANDAL WELLS FARGO CFO SAYS 'EXPECT A BIGGER NUMBER' THAN $2B IN ANNUAL COST CUTS TO BE ANNOUNCED AT UPCOMING INVESTOR DAY WELLS FARGO CEO SAYS BANK CAN DO BETTER THAN PRIMARY CHECKING ACCOUNT GROWTH OF LESS THAN 2 PCT WELLS FARGO FIRST QUARTER EARNINGS CALL HAS ENDED Wells fargo & co ceo sloan on earnings call says current efficiency ratio 'not acceptable' (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York)
LAUSANNE, Switzerland, March 28 Top executives from the world's largest commodity trading houses discuss trends in trading at the FT Commodities Global Summit in Lausanne, Switzerland, this week.
The following are highlights:
DAVID MACLENNAN, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF CARGILL:
"Trade policies coupled with foreign aid and sound development policy is critical. Today's global proliferation of a me-first trade posture threatens to destabilise decades of progress in negotiating."
"We all have to make the case for free trade," they said, arguing that "we have to help political leaders speak to their base".
MacLennan has yet to be invited to meet U.S. President Donald Trump but would engage in debate with the U.S. administration over trade and immigration. "I don't want to sit in the bunker for 4 years," they said.
Cargill sees the United States as a clear beneficiary of global trade, and in agriculture one-third of farmland is planted for exports, while the NAFTA agreements has helped Canada become the No. 1 market for U.S. agricultural exports and Mexico the No. 3. "Countries can source their agricultural products elsewhere if they're not getting them from the United States," they said.
Training would be important to adapt to the uneven benefits of trade, while "inclusive and responsible" immigration policy would also be vital, they said. Cargill has 1,000 unfilled positions at meat plants in the United States.
(Reporting by Julia Payne and Gus Trompiz, editing by Louise Heavens)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - VISTULA GROUP SA:
* JAN. REVENUE AT ABOUT 53.1 MILLION ZLOTYS, UP AROUND 21.1 PERCENT YOY
* JAN. MARGIN AT ABOUT 49.2 PERCENT, UP AROUND 0.4 P.P. YOY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
By: Michael Mut, Miami-Dade County Public Information Officer
As a species, mosquitoes haven't changed much in 46 million years. There is fossil evidence documenting the existence of a creature very similar to the modern day pests dating back to the Cretaceous Period, or 79 million years ago. Some studies date them as far back as 210 million years. They are widely regarded as the most deadly animals on planet Earth, killing more than 1 million people per year (according to World Health Organization estimates), mostly in Africa and by transmitting malaria.
So what can we attribute their long-lasting existence to? Some point to their short, efficient life cycle. Going from egg to full-blown, bloodthirsty adult in as little as four days, there always seem to be winged reinforcements coming. This is especially true in an area such as Miami-Dade County, which up until about 100 years ago was largely wild and untamed Everglades swampland.
Mosquitoes go through four separate stages during their short, happy lives: egg, larva, pupa and adult. Depending on the species, females lay single eggs or multiple clutches, which are bound together and called rafts. Most are laid on or very near to standing water; at least two known species spawn on damp soil likely to be covered by water. The majority hatch within a couple of days, but eggs are affected by extreme heat, which can prevent them from hatching.
Mosquito larvae live in the water, frantically wiggling about and coming to the surface to breathe through siphon tubes. Some species attach themselves to plant matter and get their oxygen there. They mostly survive on microscopic organisms and organic matter, and shed their skin four times, getting larger with each molt.
The pupa stage is similar to the cocoon stage seen in butterflies, and is characterized by rest and non-feeding. This critical phase is one where the mosquito transforms into an adult. Pupae remain mobile, quickly moving by flipping their tails. Once ready to emerge, the pupa rises to the surface and its skin splits.
Adult mosquitoes emerge from their pupal chrysalis and rest on the surface of the water until all body parts have dried and hardened. When ready, the youngling spreads its wings and takes flight. Within a couple of days, the mosquito begins to seek out mates and blood victims, and lives for up to a month.
There are more than 45 species of mosquitoes found in Miami-Dade County, but we are most concerned with three types: Aedes aegypti (the infamous carriers of Yellow Fever and the Zika virus), Aedes albopictus (the Asian Tiger mosquito) and the Aedes taeniorhynchus (the Salt Marsh mosquito).
Here are some fast facts about adults:
Only females bite
Mosquitoes do not have teeth, but instead pierce skin with a serrated tube-like “proboscis”
Both males and females feed on fruit and nectar
A female can drink up to three times its weight in blood
Females lay up to 300 eggs at a time
The Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes can't fly far (up to a city block), fast (1.5 miles per hour) or high (about 25 feet)
The Aedes taeniorynchus mosquitoes are fierce biters, attack any time of day but are especially active during the dark hours, and can travel 20-40 miles when assisted by wind speed and direction
Females find their prey by smelling the CO 2 in their breath, tracking body heat and by detecting the octanol, cholesterol, and folic acid emanating from skin
in their breath, tracking body heat and by detecting the octanol, cholesterol, and folic acid emanating from skin Dark clothing retains heat, thus attracting mosquitoes
Fish and dragonflies are the mosquito's main predators
Miami-Dade County's Mosquito Control and Habitat Management Division, a part of the Solid Waste Management Department, uses the most effective methods, techniques, equipment and products to control the area's mosquito population. Through a year-round Integrated Vector Management program of surveillance, site inspections, manual, truck and aerial spraying, as well as community education and outreach efforts, Mosquito Control works to enhance the quality of life for residents and visitors and to reduce the transmission of mosquito-borne illnesses.
For more information about how you can Fight the Bite and learn more ways to Drain & Cover, please visit www.miamidade.gov/mosquito or call 311.
Above content provided by Miami-Dade County.
Motorcycle maker Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG.N) said on Thursday it will lay off 118 workers at its York, Pennsylvania, plant and shift employment to Kansas City, Missouri.
The company said it told employees in November 2015 of plans to shift production of Harley-Davidson Cruisers from the Pennsylvania plant to Kansas City starting in the 2018 model year. Harley-Davidson told employees on Thursday it will cut about 118 positions in York and add 118 positions in its Kansas City plant, spokesperson Katie Whitmore said.
Harley-Davidson on Tuesday reported a 25.6 percent fall in quarterly profit, hurt by a drop in shipments. The Milwaukee-based company's net income fell to $186.37 million, or $1.05 per share, in the first quarter ended March 26, from $250.49 million, or $1.36 per share, a year earlier.
Demand for Harley's motorcycles in the United States has slowed as its loyal baby boomer demographic ages and rivals such as Indian motorcycle-maker Polaris Industries Inc (PII.N) and Japan's Honda Motor Co Ltd (7267.T) offer competitive discounts.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Dan Grebler)
BUDAPEST, March 29 Hungary's central bank lowered the cap on its main 3-month deposit facility to 500 billion forints ($1.74 billion) by the end of June to maintain the current loose monetary conditions, Deputy Governor Marton Nagy said on Wednesday.
"The Monetary Council statement said the goal was to maintain the current loose monetary conditions," Nagy told Reuters on the sidelines of the World Exchange Congress.
"This could be achieved by maintaining the level of liquidity that has been squeezed out so far," they said.
"Maintaining that level required the cap to be lowered to 500 billion forints, because liquidity in the banking system will decline notwithstanding."
Market participants had expected the cap to be lowered to just 600 billion forints from 750 billion at the end of this month, however, Nagy said those estimates probably did not take all factors affecting market liquidity into account. ($1 = 286.77 forints) (Reporting by Gergely Szakacs)
TORONTO, April 13 Canada's main stock index slipped in early trade on Thursday, weighed down by heavyweight financial stocks as U.S. bank earnings season kicked off, with losses offset by gains for gold miners.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 24.67 points, or 0.16 percent, at 15,623.73 shortly after the open. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Daimay Automotive Interior Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use up to 200 million yuan to buy property located in Shanghai
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/oBo1iu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A race which encourages runners to eat pizza along the route has been scrapped in Birmingham.
The 5k Pizza Run - the first of its kind in Europe - was meant to be coming to the city this May.
The event, which is taking place at other locations across the UK, invited runners to collect slices of pizza as a reward.
But organisers revealed on Monday that the Birmingham edition had bitten the dust.
Pizza Run UK said on Twitter that the city council felt the race did not fit in with its "current health and well-being programme".
Birmingham Live has asked the authority for a comment.
Organisers said: "It is with a heavy heart that we must announce the cancellation of our much anticipated Birmingham, Pizza Run UK event, planned for May 13 2018.
"The Pizza Run UK events have been warmly received by council planning teams across the UK, as part of a promotion for the participation in sport and uptake of a healthy balanced lifestyle.
"We have also received innumerable compliments from the thousands of entrants.
"However, we're surprised to learn that Birmingham City Council feel 'Pizza Run is not endorsing the city council's current health and well-being programme'.
"Naturally, we struggle to understand this and are both confused and disappointed at the decision."
Birmingham entrants have been refunded and invited to apply for a place in other locations.
The craze started on the east coast of the US and has now swept across to the UK are participants are encouraged to take part in fancy dress.
Organisers say the aim of the event is to encourage communities to find a healthy balance of fitness and their favourite foods.
The news is the latest blow to Birmingham runners.
Last week, it was announced that this year's Birmingham International Marathon has been cancelled , with organisers blaming the city's extensive roadworks for preventing them from designing an ‘iconic course'.
The Great Run Company launched the first full marathon in the city only last year, alongside the existing Birmingham half marathon.
However, the company's David Hart told Birmingham Live that last year's runners hadn't enjoyed the course, in part because of the impact of major roadworks and construction in the city. Efforts to find a better route for 2018 had foundered, they said.
“We just couldn't put together a course to show off the best of the city,” they said. “We had very robust feedback from last year's runners that it simply hadn't been an iconic course that reflected the very best of the city.”
Following talks with Birmingham City Council, the company took the decision on Thursday to suspend entries to the 2018 marathon.
In a statement, the company said: “Ongoing redevelopment and roadworks at key areas in the city centre have restricted options for a new and improved route to make it the brilliant running experience the Great Run Company and Birmingham City Council are striving to deliver.
”Everyone who has already entered would be given full refunds and discounted entry to the half marathon, which will go ahead as planned.
Mr Hart said: “It's fully our ambition to hold a full marathon in the future, but we just couldn't get the course together this year. The Simplyhealth Great Birmingham Run half marathon is still taking place on Sunday, 14 October, and moving back to its popular morning start time.”
NEW DELHI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - India's northern state of Uttar Pradesh has suspended the head of a hospital where at least 60 children died, while the federal health minister on Sunday vowed action against the culprits, as state and hospital officials traded blame over funding matters.
The government in Uttar Pradesh, run by India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), suspended the head of the state-run BRD Medical College, Rajeev Misra, late on Saturday and ordered an investigation into contracts to supply oxygen.
Media have said the deaths of the children, 34 infants among them, were caused in part by an oxygen shortage after a private supplier withdrew its equipment over unpaid hospital dues.
Hospital officials have denied this, saying alternative supplies had been found, and blamed many of the deaths instead on the disease encephalitis and unspecified issues related to delivery of the infants.
On Sunday, J.P. Nadda, health minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet, visited the hospital in the town of Gorakhpur, 800 km (507 miles) east of New Delhi, accompanied by the state's chief minister, Yogi Adityanath.
Nadda promised "strict action" against the culprits in an interview with the news channel NDTV, before their departure from the Indian capital.
The issue of the unpaid bills for oxygen supply has become a flashpoint in relations between the hospital and the state government, after the suspended hospital chief on Saturday accused state officials of ignoring their requests for money.
"I wrote at least three letters," Misra told television reporters on Saturday, adding that they had even flagged the issue in video conference discussions.
Reuters was unable to immediately contact Misra to seek their comments.
The Uttar Pradesh health minister defended the government's role, saying no issue of unpaid bills had been brought to its attention and all requests for funds were paid promptly.
PRESSURE ON BJP
Opposition parties have stepped up the pressure on the state government, demanding the resignations of Adityanath and the state health minister.
"Utter failure of Chief Minister Yogi's government, who have the blood of more than 60 lives on their hands," the opposition Congress party said in a message on social network Twitter.
Uttar Pradesh is India's most politically-prized state, where the BJP's thumping victory has strengthened Modi's claim to a second term in 2019.
Gorakhpur, a down-at-heel town near India's border with Nepal, is Adityanath's political base, which elected them to parliament five times before Modi asked them to lead Uttar Pradesh, after a landslide BJP election victory in March.
But the town's health facilities are seen as deficient, with a study of government data by nonprofit body Brookings India showing the district has a 26 percent shortage of primary health centres.
Encephalitis outbreaks kill hundreds in India every year, especially during the monsoon season.
India spends about one percent of GDP on public health, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable. (Additional reporting by Aditya Kalra; Editing by Rafael Nam and Clarence Fernandez)
One of Dundee's busiest roads is set to be hit by water works lasting a month.
Scottish Water has revealed it is due to begin work on Clepington Road next Monday.
And some business owners in the area say they're concerned about potentially significant disruption.
Mains improvements will be carried out on Clepington Road, from the junction of Provost Road to Arklay Street, in the eastbound lane initially.
Phase two will see the same work carried out but in the westbound lane.
Kieran Smith, 22, manager of The Clep Bar, said: “I know some of the residents nearby had letters but from what I can gather the businesses received nothing.
“The traffic is bad enough with the people coming from the Kingsway trying to avoid the traffic there.
“But if that work is going to be carried out then it's going to be absolutely mental. It was bad enough the last time they turned off the water at Graham Street — which is a much smaller street.
“If it's going to be all the way up the Cleppy Road then it's bound to cause us disruption.”
Alison Leggat, 47, owner of Menz Zone barbers in Clepington Road, added: “It sounds as though it'll be very disruptive.
“Coming into work is a nightmare as it is with all the traffic so I can't even imagine what it will be like when the work starts.
“I do think that people will avoid the area completely.
“Hopefully it doesn't affect us too much.”
However Ian Smart from the Barber's Chair in Clepington Road, took a different view. They said: “There's nothing you can do about it. If it's got to be done then it's got to be done.”
The work, part of a £5 mllion upgrade across Dundee, is due to last for one month. But Scottish Water says phase two will only be carried out once phase one is completed.
A diversion will be in place via Arklay Street, Dens Road, Moncur Crescent and Caird Avenue during both phases.
A Scottish Water spokesperson said: “All traffic management is carried out in consultation with Dundee City Council and any road closure or lane closure is only ever a last resort and put in place for health and safety reasons.
“Scottish Water apologises to customers for any inconvenience during this essential mains upgrade.”
Buckle up, because I'm about to take you on a wild ride!
According to People, Frances Bean Cobain's ex-husband, Isaiah Silva, is claiming their mother, Courtney Love, conspired to have them killed in order to get Kurt Cobain's guitar back. Oh, and this allegedly also involves 13 Reasons Why actor Ross Butler, too.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
According to a copy of the civil complaint obtained by the site, Silva is suing Love, Butler, their manager Sam Lutfi, private investigator, John Nazarian, musician Michael Schenk, and others for "conspiring to kill them with the intent of stealing the Nirvana frontman's guitar."
Getty Images
Silva is also alleging the group engaged in "burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass," according to People.
“The primary objective of their conspiracy was to locate and take possession of a guitar believed to be worth millions of dollars, which was gifted to Silva, by [Frances], on January 8, 2014, six months prior to their June 29, 2014 marriage,” the documents allege, according to Us Weekly.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As part of their divorce settlement with Bean Cobain, Silva got to keep the famous guitar, which Cobain played during their iconic 1993 MTV Unplugged performance. Cobain died the following year by suicide.
Reps for Love, Nazarian, Schenk, and Yuhktman did not immediately respond to People's request for comment.
This post will be updated as more information becomes available.
Wide receiver Tavon Austin is sidelined due to injury, leaving the Los Angeles Rams just one playmaker with more than two years of experience on their roster.
The Rams have an unreal turnover for their playmakers (quarterback, running back and fullback, wide receiver, tight end) in recent years. Austin was drafted by the Rams in 2013 but is currently inactive. Otherwise, that leaves just fullback Cory Harkey as the only player who has been with the team since before 2015.
The Rams offensive skill position turnover is pretty nuts. Of these 22 names, 20 have joined the team since 2015 and 16 since last offseason pic.twitter.com/IaLXNExyHr — Mike Clay (@MikeClayNFL) June 14, 2017
WR Robert Woods has NFL experience as they are entering their fifth professional season. But this is their first offseason with the Rams. RB Lance Dunbar is in a similar situation heading into their sixth season.
On the full 90-man roster, there are plenty of other players who are new to the team as well.
Related Undrafted Rams rookies at minicamp most likely to make 2017 roster
QB Dylan Thompson , fullback Zach Laskey, WR Brandon Shippen and TE Travis Wilson have not yet played an NFL game. RB Lenard Tillery and WR Shakeir Ryan are both undrafted free agents for Los Angeles.
Rams coach Sean McVay spoke about the lack of experience after minicamp yesterday when discussing Jared Goff:
I think when you look at trying to find your identity and what you kind of want to hang your hat on within the framework of our offense, I think he's picked some of those things up well. Again, like we always talk about, it's going to be something where we want to do a good job as coaches figuring out our players and then we'll adjust the system accordingly. We've got a lot of different things that we can do, but it's about figuring out what these guys do best. Having an identity and making sure that you have some complements off that identity.
While McVay is new to the team, so are the players. As such, they will find out what works as a team together.
McVay was asked about Harkey, the one skill players on the team who has significant experience besides Austin. They said Harkey was a “great leader” and a versatile player.
However, the Rams picked up a new fullback during the 2017 NFL Draft. Even Harkey, who has been with the team for awhile, may no longer have a role moving forward.
OTTAWA, March 31 Canada's main stock index ended modestly lower on Friday, weighed by financial and railway companies, though better-than-expected results from BlackBerry offset some of the losses as its stock surged.
Shortly after the closing bell, the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 31.01 points, or 0.2 percent, at 15,547.75.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 billion a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the co-working space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
LONDON Volatility gauges for a number of central and eastern Europe's main currencies spiked to their highest since last June's Brexit vote on Monday, as traders took out insurance bets ahead of France's upcoming elections.
One-month options for the Czech crown and Hungarian forint versus the dollar both jumped to their highest since the UK referendum, while the equivalent for Poland's zloty matched a level last seen in November which was also the highest since the Brexit vote.
The final round of French elections is set to take place on May 7 with markets nervous about right-wing candidate Marine Le Pen's anti-euro campaign promises.
Last week's move by the Czech central bank to remove its cap on the crown versus the euro has also made it more volatile.
(Reporting by Marc Jones, editing by Karin Strohecker)
Image copyright Police Scotland Image caption Ryan Leisk was arrested in 2015
A sex offender who had sex with a woman in the presence of a 10-year-old boy has been jailed for four and a half years.
Ryan Leisk, 32, began preying on children when they were a teenager and was found with indecent pictures after police arrested them in 2015.
They were found guilty of indecency against girls and engaging in sexual activity when a boy was there.
Their crimes were committed in Aberdeen and an Aberdeenshire village.
Leisk, of Aberdeen, had denied a series of charges at the High Court in Edinburgh.
'Abhorrent crimes'
Lord Kinclaven said: "As I think you appreciate there is no alternative to a custodial sentence."
The judge said that they bore in mind that a limited number of images were involved.
Defence counsel Shelagh McCall QC said Leisk was willing to undertake any offender programmes that were identified as suitable for him.
Leisk was placed on the sex offenders register.
Det Ch Insp Lorna Ferguson said: "These abhorrent crimes were committed over a significant period of time and involved young victims.
"I would like to thank the victims for reporting what happened and for their courage throughout the trial."
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A Citi sign is seen at the Citigroup stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, October 16, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Citigroup Inc (C.N) reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as the bank's fixed-income trading was boosted by clients adjusting their positions following rate hikes by the Federal Reserve and changes in the forex and credit markets.
U.S. banks have been benefiting from a jump in markets-related revenue following the rate hikes, as well as elections in Europe and Britain's progress in leaving the European Union.
A surge in trading activity also helped JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), the biggest U.S. bank by assets, report a nearly 17 percent rise in quarterly profit earlier in the day.
"The momentum we saw across many of our businesses towards the end of last year carried into the first quarter, resulting in significantly better overall performance than a year ago," Citigroup's Chief Executive Michael Corbat said in a statement.
The company reported a 17 percent jump in quarterly profit to $4.09 billion (3.27 billion pounds), or $1.35 per share, beating analysts' average estimate of $1.24 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Total revenue rose about 3 percent to $18.12 billion, topping the average estimate of $17.76 billion.
Revenue from fixed-income trading rose 19 percent to $3.62 billion, while the bank's much smaller equities trading saw revenue increase 10 percent to $769 million. Gains in fixed-income trading came with additional volume in interest rate and credit products, as well as foreign exchange.
Combined, trading revenue jumped about 17 percent, higher than the "low double-digit" rise that Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach projected five weeks ago.
Bond market conditions can have a big impact on Citigroup's bottom line because of its business mix.
In 2016, fixed-income trading and debt underwriting together produced nearly $16 billion of Citigroup's $70 billion of total revenue.
The ratio of expenses to revenue was about 58 percent, in line with the company's goal for this year.
Citigroup said return on tangible equity, a key measure of profitability, was 8.5 percent, up from 7.3 percent a year earlier.
In late 2019, the company might reach 10 percent, Gerspach said in January.
Citigroup's return on tangible equity is dragged down by accounting for some of its deferred tax assets, or DTAs, leftover from the financial crisis.
The company's shares were up little changed at $58.40 in premarket trading.
Through Wednesday's close, the stock had risen about 17 percent since the U.S. presidential elections, but is down 1.6 percent so far this year.
The elections sparked a rally in U.S. bank stocks as investors bet on lower taxes and easing regulations. But, the rally is losing momentum as investors scale back expectations for any quick changes.
(Reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and David Henry in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
EMERGENCY CALL: The man was found in a back room, telling officers they made the call as they were scared someone was breaking in.
A BARGARA lad visiting their lover overnight - despite a domestic violence order prohibiting them being together - was busted when they called cops because they thought a burglar was lurking outside.
The man, 32, pleaded guilty in Bundaberg Magistrates Court to two counts of contravening a domestic violence order, an aggravated offence.
Prosecutor Sergeant Dean Burgess said police received a call from a man on July 12 about a person breaking into a house.
The man was found in a back room, telling officers they made the call as they were scared someone was breaking in.
They were aware they should not be there and the woman had invited him.
Two weeks later police saw the man's car parked some streets away from the woman's house and found them there again.
They were placed on 12 month supervised probation and must do urine tests for illicit drug use.
SATURDAY
(Matches at 7.0 unless stated)
Allianz HL Division 1A
Tipperary v Waterford
Semple Stadium (Live, Eir Sport 2)
Although Tipp stayed in the contest with Clare until the very end, there was a listlessness to the display that Michael Ryan will want to see eliminated this evening. There is every chance that they will recover, as Waterford are just inching back into action after a delayed return, and Derek McGrath is juggling a sizeable Fitzgibbon contingent.
Verdict: Tipperary
Allianz HL Division 1B
Laois v Galway
O'Moore Park
Galway's decision to ease themselves back into the league with an experimental line-up nearly came hideously unstuck after a spirited visit from Antrim. The All-Ireland champions' campaign is back-loaded and they'll be expected to win this. Laois were injury-hit against Limerick and lost Lee Cleere, who had been playing well, before half-time and won't be back to full strength for this.
Verdict: Galway
David Dunne of Wexford in action against Conor Gleeson of Waterford at last weekend's Allianz Hurling League clash at Waterford's Walsh Park. Photograph: Ken Sutton/Inpho
SUNDAY
(Matches at 2.0 unless stated)
Allianz HL Division 1A
Kilkenny v Clare
Nowlan Park
Recent history between the counties has been evenly divided, with three wins each in the past five seasons. Kilkenny were their familiar, combative selves in Cork and Cillian Buckley not getting the bang and better free-taking might well have won it. Clare looked sharp against Tipperary and there were signs that Tony Kelly has regained sharpness. Tight margins.
Verdict: Kilkenny
Wexford v Cork
Innovate Wexford Park (Live, TG4)
Both won on the opening weekend, and impressively: Cork for a first over Kilkenny in six years, whereas Wexford outlasted a flagging Waterford to continue a great start to 2018. The team's energy and drive were complemented by David Dunne's pace and finishing. This will be a challenge against former manager John Meyler, who introduced some useful new talent last week.
Verdict: Wexford
Allianz HL Division 1B
Offaly v Limerick
O'Connor Park
Offaly were the story of the first weekend, raiding Croke Park for a first win there in 13 years and overwhelming Dublin in the process with a fine display of long-range shooting. This will be a sterner test. Limerick have started the year well and John Kiely has evolved the team further but the win over Laois was patchy. Improvement needed.
Verdict: Limerick
Antrim v Dublin
Corrigan Park
Two opening defeats but worlds apart. Antrim gave a great account of themselves in narrowly losing to the All-Ireland champions, leading well into the last quarter, whereas Dublin went down by 13 against Offaly. Injuries aren't helping Pat Gilroy and this is suddenly daunting. They should get a reaction from last week but it's not guaranteed against a buoyant home side.
Verdict: Dublin
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ambulance staff were stretched to the limit dealing with more than 4,500 calls on the first day of 2017.
Call-handlers from West Midlands Ambulance Service dealt with a total of 4,722 calls on New Year's Day – 800 more than last year.
Emergency call despatcher Jo Bird tweeted: “Final count folks, a whopping 4722 calls answered on the first day of the year #wow - fantastic efforts from all staff @OFFICIALWMAS
“To my knowledge - 800 more than last year!”
The service repeatedly urged those considering dialling 999 to consider whether they needed an ambulance in a bid to ease the pressure on services over the Christmas and New Year period.
Patients were asked to think about whether they could see a pharmacist or self-medicate for minor illness.
Emergency biker Mark Hayes tweeted: "I cannot begin to tell you how busy it was yesterday for @OFFICIALWMAS lots of unnecessary 999 calls with staff working flat out."
But there were problems elsewhere in the country, with London Ambulance Service having to log emergency calls manually on the night of New Year's Eve due to technical issues.
It was understood the service's computer system crashed, forcing staff to record details of calls by pen and paper for nearly five hours on one of the busiest nights of the year.
A spokesperson said staff were trained to deal with such situations and were able to prioritise responses to those in the greatest need.
Deputy director of operations Peter McKenna said: “Due to technical difficulties, our control room was logging emergency calls by pen and paper from 12.30am to 5.15am.
“Our control room staff are trained to operate in this way and continued to prioritise our response to patients with life-threatening conditions, using the same triage system as usual.
“We also had additional clinicians on duty to offer control room staff clinical advice if needed.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds CEO, analyst)
April 3 GN Store Nord's hearing aid unit GN Hearing says:
* Launches new hearing aid, ReSound LiNX 3D
* The new device offers remote fitting and hearing aid updates
* "After an initial fit in the clinic, the user can request assistance for any fine-tuning of their settings wherever they are," it said in a statement
* "This is something we believe a large part of the customers will use. Today you have to go back to the clinic 3-7 times during the first couple of months to get it adjusted," GN Hearing CEO Anders Hedegaard told Reuters
* The World Health Organisation estimates there are 360 million people - over 5 percent of the world's population - with a disabling loss of hearing, yet current hearing aid production meets less than 10 percent of global need
* "They are selling a product that noone wants and when you do that, it is very important that the start-up and fitting phase is as smooth as possible," said Sydbank analyst Morten Imsgard
* They said the new product could remedy the problem the industry has with people returning their devices in the early phase and might increase the low penetration rates
* The product is being launched in all primary markets during May, and Hedegaard said the firm aims to get it into the important U.S. Veterans Affairs channel in November
* Military veterans are a key customer in the United States, accounting for around 20 percent of all hearing aid units sold there
* GN Hearing's 2017 guidance already included the ReSound LiNX 3D launch, it said Source text: bit.ly/2osqvCm Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen, editing by Teis Jensen)
PHOENIX — Charges have been dropped against Arizona Cardinals second-round draft pick Christian Kirk, who was arrested on counts of disorderly conduct and property damage in February.
The Arizona Republic reports that Scottsdale city records show the charges against Kirk were dropped Tuesday. They were arrested by Scottsdale police after leaving the Waste Management Phoenix Open on Feb. 3.
Scottsdale police say Kirk was with a group that was intoxicated and throwing rocks at cars.
The Cardinals had said they were aware before they drafted Kirk that the wide receiver had been arrested on the charges.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Huizhou Speed Wireless Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 69 percent to 87.6 percent, or to be 2 million yuan to 5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (16.1 million yuan)
* Says decreased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Z3756p
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Primark is changing its sizes and not everyone is impressed
The high-street store has altered it's womenswear range, however, some shoppers have complained about their "awkward" sizing.
Finding your site on the high street can often be a demoralising experience, with a size 12 often coming up too big or too small from shop to shop.
Now Primark, has decided to do away with numerical numbering in a bid to offer up a more "inclusive" and "consistent" sizing across their womenswear and lingerie.
Instead, the bargain fashion retailer has decided to implement a lettered sizing, which mean their clothing is being labelled from 2XS (equivalent to UK size 4/6) to 2XL (equivalent to UK size 22/24).
The store told Metro.co.uk: "Primark is launching new improved sizing across selected products in our womenswear, lingerie and nightwear.
"Selected products across womenswear, lingerie and nightwear that are single sized (e.g. 8,10,12) as well as those that are dual-sized (e.g. 8-10, 10-12) will be updated for a more comfortable fit and to ensure consistency across our ranges for all our customers.
"Within these departments, single sizes and dual sizes will now be denoted with a letter conversion such as S, M, L. All labelling on products and in store will therefore include numeric and letter conversions."
However, critics have pointed out that Primark have completely done away with size 8-10, leaving their range inaccessible to a lot of shoppers.
@Primark new sizing is so stupid why are all sizes shared in a bigger and smaller size but not 8/10 when that's the most popular size? They've lost me then because I'm not gonna fit in a 6/8 or a 10/12 so pic.twitter.com/ih5cpXlMS0 — meggg (@Megaan_Thomas) July 4, 2018
While others complained the brand needs to be more consistent with its sizing as some shoppers claim their products are noticeably different in size to other stores.
I've just seen primark are changing there sizes from 8,10.12 etc to S,M,L but the sizing are awkward so guess shopping there is going to be annoying now — celyne (@celynerath) July 4, 2018
Former world boxing champion Floyd Mayweather appears to be very serious about their intentions to compete in a mixed martial arts bout, as "Money" told TMZ they have started the official paper work to get licensed in Nevada.
"Everything takes time. Eventually, we're gonna apply for the license, and hopefully we can fight," Mayweather said. "Even if it takes six-to-eight months - whatever it takes. We want to make sure that everything is done correctly."
Mayweather, who turned 41 years old this past February, ended a two-year retirement last August to fight UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor inside the boxing ring. Mayweather scored a 10th round TKO, improving to 50-0 in their career.
Over the past few months, Mayweather has sparked rumors of a fight inside the cage with several social media posts. It is likely that they would be facing McGregor if they do make the move.
Environmentalists have slammed Sammy Wilson's suggestion that plastic waste should be incinerated rather than recycled.
The former environment minister – who has previously courted controversy with their view that climate change is not caused by humans – said recycling is “not working” and feels the UK must look at other options for dealing with disposable plastics.
Sir David Attenborough highlighted the problem of plastic waste in the oceans on their Blue Planet series
The veteran DUP MP argued the current recycling method is “flawed” and said the only way to stop the dumping of plastics into oceans is to burn it.
But Friends of the Earth Northern Ireland warned that such a move “would not be sensible”, as it would simply replace one form of pollution with another.
Mr Wilson said the issue of plastics polluting oceans and poisoning fish has been highlighted by Sir David Attenborough in the documentary series Blue Planet, adding that it had “quite rightly” led to a wave of public concern.
But they also pointed to a recent study by Finnish public health expert Dr Mikko Paunio, who has concluded that recycling is the cause of much of this pollution in the world's oceans.
“Despite this the EU especially still sticks to its policy of dealing with plastic waste through the circular economy, ie produce plastic, consume plastic products, recycle plastic waste and bring it back as another product,” the East Antrim MP added.
“The flaw in this policy is that there is no demand for recycled plastic in the EU. Most of the plastic waste is so mixed and contaminated that it cannot be used anyhow and in order to escape the massive costs of landfilling it or sorting it, the waste was simply put into containers which had brought cheap Chinese goods to Europe.
“Annual imports of waste to China jumped to 85m tons per year until China stopped any further imports.
“Most of our unwanted waste now goes to Asian countries with even lower standards and even more of it finishes up being dumped and ending up in oceans.”
Asserting that the recycling option “clearly is not working”, Mr Wilson continued: “It means we can feel good that we don't dump plastic waste in our rivers or seas but we create a situation where others do it on our behalf.”
Mr Wilson acknowledged that their alternative solution of burning plastic waste would not be popular with “the lucrative recycling industry, green lobby groups and EU bureaucrats”, but added: “If we are serious about the damage which dumped plastics are doing to our natural environment then it is an alternative which we must consider.”
James Orr, director of Friends of the Earth NI, said they were “disappointed but not surprised” by Mr Wilson's remarks.
They added: “This so-called solution is simply displacing pollution somewhere else.
“Our solution would be to improve recycling locally, and phase out all but essential plastics.
“Clearly we need some plastics for pharmaceuticals and stuff like that, and no one could argue that plastics isn't a very valuable resource.
“Disposable plastic culture is the problem but we are beginning to see some progress, with things like charges on single-use plastic bags and proposals to ban plastic straws and cotton buds in England. Moves like this are the solution to tackling this problem.”
According to TripAdvisor reviews, Mama Jane's takeaway in the Morledge is one of the worst in Derby.
It earned two-and-a-half stars out of five on the TripAdvisor website from 25 reviews. The largest bracket of those reviews were one star meaning "terrible".
So, we sent our spy to sample the food to see if this poor rating was justified.
Spoiler alert: it was.
For starters, Mama Jane's own website says it opens at noon but, when our spy visited at 12.15pm, it was still shut.
A worker came out and told us to come back in half an hour.
The takeaway was generally clean but your spy noticed that some chairs were not in great condition.
Our spy first ordered a chicken fillet burger for £2.40. It was edible but entirely bland even with the mayonnaise sauce drizzled sparingly on top. The tomato and cucumber portions in the burger were too small and the bread was very dry. The chicken was cooked through but tasteless.
Your spy then tried the £3.50 fish and chips. Normally Secret Service is a great fan of the British classic. But not this portion.
To Mama Jane's credit, the chips were tasty. But the fish was mushy, bland and full of grease. The batter it was coated in was undercooked and bubbled with grease when we cut through it.
Next, your spy tried the lamb doner kebab that Mama Jane's offered for £2.70. The sauce was spicy but there wasn't enough of it. The pitta bread was tasty but the meat itself was bland.
The meal was mostly greasy but, for a kebab, that is to be expected.
Meat lasagne was next on the menu for your spy. We found the meal to be relatively tasty and the metal tub it came in (not unlike a curry) kept it nice and warm throughout the review.
But there was hardly any meat inside the layers of pasta and it was covered in plastic-like cheese. This meal was hardly befitting the £5 price tag and your spy was not impressed.
Finally, we tried a personal vegetable pizza for £3.50. It was exactly seven inches as described and the dough was cooked well. The vegetables tasted fine and were generously sprinked on top.
The cheese was not too overbearing but your spy felt that it could have done with a more tomato sauce as the base felt bland. We thought that the pizza was not that bad considering the rest of the meal and the small price tag.
Reviews on the TripAdvisor website tell stories of food turning up late and delivery drivers getting the wrong order. But some were positive with customers mentioning "good value for money".
Your spy's overriding impression was that the food was largely greasy, bland or inedible. If you do find yourself at Mama Jane's, go for the pizza but stay away from the fish.
The Bill:
Chicken Fillet Burger £2.40
Cod and chips £3.50
Lamb Doner Kebab £2.70
Meat Lasagne £5.00
Vegetable Pizza £3.50
Total: £17.10
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AMSTERDAM, March 30 The European Central Bank could start winding down its massive asset buying scheme earlier than planned but only if the economy continues to outperform expectations, Dutch central bank chief Klaas Knot said on Thursday.
The euro zone economy, on its best run in a decade, has already performed better than projected for the most part since September and the strong run could still continue, Knot, a policy conservative who has opposed many of the ECB's past easing measures, told a news conference.
"Only if the economy does even better than we now expect in our estimates could we consider bringing the tapering forward,” Knot said, referring to the ECB's plans to buy 60 billion euros worth of bonds each month until the end of the year.
"But since September last year, the economic surprise indexes have turned round and are on quite a high level," Knot said. "They are better than our expectations. And why shouldn't that continue in the rest of the year?"
The ECB plans to buy at least 2.3 trillion euros worth of bonds, all in the hope of cutting borrowing costs to revive growth and ultimately generate inflation.
Knot added that even if the asset buys continue until the end of the year, as now planned, they should then be wound down as soon as possible in 2018.
But they dismissed calls by some policymakers to review the bank's guidance for keeping rates at their present or lower levels until well after the asset buys end.
"I think this sequence makes sense, the forward guidance makes sense and I don't see a need to revisit that now,” Knot said.
"It's a (sequencing) that has also been applied in the U.S. and the UK when exiting, and the logic is one of a consistent communication message which is neutral along the yield curve and which prevents giving conflicting views as to the front end and the long end of the yield curve." (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; Writing by Balazs Koranyi; Editing by Alison Williams)
Former Waikato District Health Board chief executive Dr Nigel Murray was allowed to go on leave instead of being suspended when concerns were raised over their spending.
It meant the health board boss still had access to their emails, their computer hard drive and DHB files, as well as the use of a mobile phone and tablet, paid for by taxpayers.
That was in stark contrast to the board's attempts to initially hide the investigation from Murray by forwarding invoices for legal and public relations advice to the Ministry of Health.
Murray spent almost 11 weeks on annual and extended leave after the board launched an investigation into their expenses on July 21 last year.
Advertisement
The investigation by an independent Auckland lawyer, which cost the DHB $155,320, found Murray breached travel policy and overspent by $27,000 on relocation costs from Canada.
A State Services Commission investigation into Murray's spending is ongoing.
Murray spent $218,000 of public money on expenses during their three years in the $560,000 a year job, and in their last year spent a total of six months away from the office travelling for work.
When the board agreed to Murray's resignation on October 5, providing they paid back all outstanding amounts, it ended the investigation and shut the door on disciplinary action.
The resignation also meant details of the unauthorised breaches, contained within the lawyer's report, were kept secret by the DHB because Murray did not respond to findings in the report making it legally fraught for the DHB to release it.
At the time the DHB told the Herald it would not lay a complaint with police over Murray's actions and it would not release details of the lawyer's investigation because the resignation marked the end of the debacle.
"Because Dr Murray resigned, the investigation into their management of expenses was never completed," a spokesperson said in October.
"There were therefore no findings and the DHB is legally unable to speculate on what the findings might have been had the investigation been completed."
Bob Simcock says the decision to allow Nigel Murray to go on annual leave when Waikato DHB launched an investigation into their spending was based on legal advice. Photo / Christine Cornege
When asked why Murray was not suspended, former board chairperson Bob Simcock said all significant decisions made relating to the investigation of the chief executive's expenses were made under legal advice from "one of New Zealand's top employment lawyers".
"The decisions about leave and suspension were made collectively by first the committee responsible for CE performance issues, and then by the whole board," Simcock said.
"Similarly the decision to accept Dr Murray's resignation was made by the board after receiving clear legal advice about the appropriate action to take in the best interests of the DHB."
Current acting chair Sally Webb said Murray was entitled to five weeks annual leave and had accrued a number of weeks that they used to take extended leave in agreement with Simcock.
During their 11 weeks on leave while the investigation took place Murray was paid $148,521.
When they resigned the DHB said they owed less than $50,000, having already paid back about $30,000 in May last year.
An outstanding amount, about $20,000, is currently in dispute with Murray claiming it was legitimate work spend.
Murray does not appear to have made any expense claims during the investigation period however they had full use of a smart phone and tablet at the expense of the DHB.
Those cost $1502 and enabled them to see their emails, the Diligent system at the DHB which holds board and executive agendas and minutes, their own personal drive and all online information available to the whole organisation including the intranet containing policies and procedures, staff news, library and the phone directory.
If you are in search of the efficient and high-quality pest control services for your commercial building, then you can contact us. We at Pestoz are offering top-rated pest controlling services to home and office owners with excellence and affordability. We are located in Bondi, Sydney and serving throughout the city and highly recognized for best in class services. For availing our services, you can find us through business directories or conduct an online web search for commercial pest control Sydney.
We are utilizing safe and natural techniques for pest controlling to prevent the side effects of chemicals and pesticides. If there is the strict need for spraying chemicals, then we always try to use the minimum amount of harsh chemicals to avoid any harmful effects on owners. We are specialist in finding out the source for pest infestation and elimination and also in the cleaning of the infected place after completing the process of elimination.
We are using specialized tools and equipment to make the pest controlling project easier and quicker and also use necessary safety measures. We are also expert in pest controlling for residential apartments and large commercial buildings including warehouses and shopping malls etc.
We have a team of skilled and dedicated employees who are highly capable of managing pest controlling and also trained in blocking the entrance of insects again in the building with effective treatments. We are committed to protecting the safe environment so we also use certified chemicals and pesticides to remove the pests inside the buildings.
Our primary objective is to deliver top-quality and fast results to our clients, so we always utilize effective means for pest controlling and work with vision to offer permanent solution to our valuable consumers. Our services are also affordable in comparison to other contractors, but we never compromise on quality and integrity so you can completely trust on our services. You can also request us for online cost quotation free of cost before hiring our services.
LONDON, April 12 (IFR) - Pillarstone, the platform set up by US private equity firm KKR to buy or manage non-core bank assets in Europe, has hired Mark Knight as a partner and general counsel.
Knight was a partner in the European restructuring practice at law firm Kirkland and Ellis in London.
Pillarstone said on Wednesday that Knight will support the continued development of its infrastructure and analyse and structure potential investments. It said they have experience in complex cross-border restructurings, and has advised both debtors and creditors on acquisition, disposal and reorganisation of stressed and distressed businesses.
Pillarstone was set up in 2015 by KKR, with John Davison as co-investor and CEO, to partner with European banks to manage their exposure to non-core and underperforming assets. It injects capital and works with firms to help them recover, and is active in both Italy and Greece and is looking to expand into other European countries. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
At about 11:30 P.M., Friday, City of Oneonta, New York, Police Department personnel responded to a call that had been received by the Otsego County 9-1-1 Center of a reported stabbing at 30 Maple Street, Apartment 2, in Oneonta.
A victim, who was discovered sitting on a couch in the living room, was bleeding profusely from apparent stab wounds. Julian D. VanCourt-Wels, 20, of Schenectady was also in the apartment with the victim and directed Police Officers to a kitchen knife that was on the floor. They reported that they had used the knife to stab the victim.
Mr. VanCourt-Wels was taken into custody and transported to the City's Public Safety Building for further questioning. The victim was transported by Oneonta Fire Department personnel to A.O. Fox Hospital in Oneonta and was later transferred to Albany Medical Center. There, the victim was treated for serious stab wounds to the face, neck, shoulder, and arms before being released on Saturday.
Following an initial investigation, Mr. VanCourt-Wels was arrested for attempted murder in the first degree, a class A-1 felony; assault in the first degree, a class B felony; and criminal possession of a weapon in the first degree, a class A misdemeanor.
They were arraigned in the City of Oneonta Court and remanded to the Otsego County Correctional Facility in Cooperstown, where they are currently is being held without bail, and will be scheduled to reappear in City Court at a later date.
The investigation into the incident by the Oneonta Police Department's Detective Division is continuing.
The maximum sentence for a person who is convicted of a class A-1 felony is life imprisonment; the maximum sentence for conviction of a class B felony is 25 years' incarceration; and the maximum sentence for conviction of a class A misdemeanor is one year of incarceration.
NOTE: All persons are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law
A man walks past the logo of Germany's biggest retailer Metro AG at its cash and carry market in the western German city of Sankt Augustin near Bonn in this March 18, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay/Files
DUESSELDORF, Germany A German higher regional court in Duesseldorf said on Friday it would decide within three months whether or not to allow retailer Metro (MEOG.DE) to continue with a planned breakup while lawsuits by shareholders against it are still pending.
Metro shareholders voted overwhelmingly last month to back a plan to split off the group's wholesale and hypermarket food business from Media-Saturn, Europe's biggest consumer electronics group, this summer.
However, four lawsuits by shareholders have been brought against it, among others from Erich Kellerhals, the founder of Media-Saturn who still owns a stake of 22 percent in the business.
Metro, a sprawling conglomerate with 2,000 stores in 29 countries, has been restructuring in recent years to focus on cash-and-carry and consumer electronics, selling its Kaufhof department stores and Real supermarkets in eastern Europe.
It hopes the split will help the independent companies pursue more acquisitions and trigger a revaluation of the stock as Metro currently trades at a discount to pure wholesale retailers such as Sysco (SYY.N) and Britain's Booker (BOK.L).
Separately, Metro said that Chief Executive Olaf Koch has been appointed to head the new food group until March 2022. The other board members, including Chief Financial Officer Christian Baier, have been mandated for a term ending Sept. 30, 2020.
(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
The number of teenagers giving birth fell slightly between 2016 and 2017, from 1,098 to 1,041, according to figures from the Central Statistics Office (CSO).
The latest Vital Statistics report shows since 2001 the number of teenage births has fallen by 66 per cent, from 3,087.
Of the 1,041 teenage mothers last year, 923 were first-time mothers. Nineteen were aged 15 years or younger and 54 were 16 years of age. In 2017, 537 were aged 19, of whom 76 had another child or other children.
The statistics for the last quarter of 2017 show a small fall in the overall birth-rate compared with the same period in 2016. While there were 14,709 births in the last three months of 2017, there were 14,740 (0.2 per cent more) in the last quarter of 2016.
There were 7,593 boys born between October and December 2017 and 7,116 girls, born to mothers with a average age of 32.9 years, the same as in the fourth quarter of 2016. The average age of first time mothers was 31 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
In the last quarter of 2017, the average age of first-time mothers outside marriage was 28.7, while the average of all mothers outside marriage was 30.3. This compares with 28.9 years and 30.4 years respectively for the same period 2016.
Dublin city had the highest number of births registered at the end of last year, with 1,699; 11.6 per cent of total live births in the State, followed by Cork county with 1,276 (8.7 per cent). Leitrim had the fewest, with 121 registered (0.8 per cent), in the last quarter of 2017.
Of the 14,709 births in the fourth quarter of last year, 11,449 were to mothers of Irish nationality, compared with 11,343 in the same period in 2016.
Some 7,115 deaths were registered in the fourth quarter of 2017, of which 3,605 were male and 3,510 were female. This is 2 per cent more deaths than in the same period of 2016, when there were 6,955 deaths.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD
— Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Thank you so much -- overwhelmed by your support. Don't miss your chance to be a Day 1 Founding Donor. Contribute now: https://t.co/RM4eeR1WKS pic.twitter.com/5HBSr7YBcM
— Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 20, 2018
Cynthia Nixon, the actor who portrayed the workaholic lawyer Miranda Hobbes, in the popular TV series Sex and The City, is the freshest name in the race for New York governor. They jumped in the battle on Monday, with a two-minute-long video posted on Twitter.The video campaign showed the 51-year-old actor at home with their wife and children, taking one of the children to school and talking on liberal political causes.From the video it is obvious that they will be challenging the incumbent Democratic Governor Andrew Cuomo.Nixon, who is known for being a vocal opponent of Trump, will be New York's first woman and first openly gay governor, if elected.In their video campaign they can hear saying :“Our leaders are letting us down. We are now the most unequal state in the entire country with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty. Half the kids in our upstate cities live below the poverty line. How did we let this happen?""I love New York. I have never wanted to live anywhere else but something has to change. We want our government to work again - on health care, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway"."We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.""Together we can win this fight," finished the New York-born and raised Nixon, who said they grew up with their mother in what they called "a one-bedroom, fifth-floor walkup."The actor has previously campaigned for gay marriage, public schools and access to women's health care.Her bio on Twitter reads: “Cynthia Nixon is a lifelong New Yorker, actor, and progressive advocate who is running for governor to fight for a better, more fair New York.”The governor election for New York is scheduled on November 6. The left-field candidate Nixon will be contesting against Cuomo who is the most favoured contender ahead of the Democratic Part Primary on September 13.Cuomo will be running for their third terms as governor this time.Her campaign will be supported by people's donation rather than corporate funds.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Augusta Capital Ltd:
* ‍SALE OF BRICK ST BY EXISTING SYNDICATE APPROVED​
* ‍AUGUSTA WILL UNDERWRITE BETWEEN NZ$33 MILLION & NZ$35 MILLION OF NEW FUND‘S INITIAL EQUITY​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The logo of Airbus is pictured at the entrance of the Airbus facility in Bouguenais, near Nantes, France March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
PARIS European planemaker Airbus (AIR.PA) on Thursday said that it had placed a total of $1.5 billion (1.2 billion pounds) in U.S. dollar bonds, as companies look to take advantage of low interest rates to raise funds from capital markets.
Airbus said it had sold $750 million in U.S. dollar bonds with a 30-year maturity and a fixed coupon of 3.950 percent in a private placement, and had also placed a further $750 million in U.S. dollar bonds with a 10-year maturity and a fixed coupon of 3.150 percent.
The company said it would use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.
In February, Airbus reported lower 2016 core earnings and unveiled a new 1.2 billion euros ($1.28 billion) charge for its A400M military aircraft programme.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Sarah White)
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
A petition started by 8-year-old twins has won a promise from an Auckland local board to bring back monkey bars that were removed last year from an inner-city park.
Twins Ila and Jaya Patel gathered signatures from 210 of the 385 pupils at their Grey Lynn School and presented them to the Waitemata Local Board last week.
Board chair Pippa Coom said the board decided to ask officials to report on "the feasibility and cost of installing monkey bars or other challenging equipment in the
Grey Lynn Park playground" in time to include them in the budget for the next financial year starting on July 1.
"I'm sure we'll find a way of getting monkey bars into Grey Lynn Park," they said.
The twins' mother Zita Thomas said the victory showed the girls "democracy in action".
"They are only children, but adults have actually listened to them," they said.
The girls live nearby and said they used to play on the monkey bars "every day" until they were removed about seven months ago as part of a $402,000 replacement of all the playground equipment.
Continued below.
Related Content Is treating yourself like a baby the key to happiness? Lots to do in school holidays - rain or shine Video Watch: Bring back our monkey bars
The new gear includes swings, a train-shaped slide, a boat-shaped see-saw, a spinning wheel, brightly painted wooden stepping stones, an upgraded flying fox and new wood-and-rope climbing structures which are not as high as the old steel monkey bars.
Apart from the flying fox, Ila and Jaya said there was now nothing suitable for children of their age.
"It's just for younger kids now," they said. "Now we only come here once or twice a week."
"There was nothing wrong the way it was," Ila said. "There was little kids' equipment and big kids' equipment."
On the first day of school this year, the twins asked their teacher if they could use their literacy time to organise a petition and write letters to the council.
School principal Bill Barker let the twins promote the petition to the school assembly. They hand-wrote the petition forms asking simply, "Bring back monkey bars", and set up a table for children to sign them by the school's memory garden.
Coom and Labour MP Jacinda Ardern visited the school to receive the petition, and Jaya Patel addressed Coom's board when it considered the issue last week.
"I typed the speech," they said. "They asked a few questions such as, 'What would be a good thing to take out to replace with the monkey bars?'
"I said, 'That area where that short slide is, but there is quite a lot of space to put it there without taking anything away.'"
Coom said the board held workshops with children at other schools about new equipment installed this summer in several local playgrounds, but for some reason Grey Lynn School was not included.
They said the monkey bars were not removed because of any fear of injuries.
"At Grey Lynn Park you have a flying fox that has been renewed, so this is definitely not a push to make it safer," they said.
"It was fantastic to see that they [Ila and Jaya] identified that there was a problem and they wanted a fix so they went about it by doing a petition and getting 210 signatures and bringing it to the board.
"That means we can actually act on it. They have actually followed up in a way that means we can respond and hopefully come up with a solution."
- NZ Herald
Medtronic Plc said on Thursday it was recalling devices used to manage build-up of the cerebrospinal fluid that surrounds the brain due to increased complaints.
Medtronic's StrataMR adjustable valves and shunts are used in the management of hydrocephalus or 'water on the brain'.
Cerebrospinal fluid acts as a cushion or buffer for the brain's cortex, providing basic mechanical and immunological protection to the brain inside the skull.
The company said it was conducting the voluntary recall due to an issue that can occur after implantation, potentially leading to under-drainage of cerebrospinal fluid.
The medical device maker said the affected StrataMR valves and shunts were manufactured from Oct. 27, 2015 to Nov. 11, 2016.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Two people are dead after being swept away in a swollen river in the Waitakere Ranges.
In a statement police said they understood a group of five people were trying to cross the river near Cascade Falls when they got into trouble.
Two bodies have since been located in a river in Waitakere.
Earlier this evening three people from the group were reported missing near Cascade Falls.
Advertisement
Emergency services on the way to the scene. Photo / Michael Craig
One person was rescued and has been transported to Waitakere Hospital in a moderate condition.
A man who earlier made it to safety, was also taken to hospital with minor injuries.
A fifth person involved was uninjured.
Police are working to establish if the two bodies are part of the group swept away in the river earlier this evening.
More to come
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
ST. JOSEPH -- St. Joseph's City Council decided to uphold the paid suspension of Police Chief Joel Klein after a closed session Monday night.
The council made the decision after over an hour of closed deliberation about the investigation over allegations made against Klein, who was placed on paid administrative leave last Thursday. Sergeant Dwight Pfannenstein took over and remains acting police chief.
Details are still publically unavailable.
GENEVA, April 28 The United Nations human rights office voiced deep concern on Friday at the execution of four men in Arkansas in the past week saying that the rush to carry them out before a drug expired added to the "arbitrariness and cruelty" of the process.
Arkansas on Thursday executed its fourth inmate in eight days, administering a lethal injection to a man who killed two people after escaping from a prison where they had been serving a life sentence for murdering a woman.
"We are deeply troubled that, after a 12 year de facto moratorium on the use of the death penalty, the U.S. state of Arkansas has executed four men in the space of eight days," U.N. human rights spokesperson Liz Throssell told a news briefing.
The state had initially planned to execute eight inmates in 11 days in April, the most of any state in so short a period since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976. Four of those executions were halted by various courts.
The unprecedented schedule was set by Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson because a drug in the state's mix for lethal injections, the sedative midazolam, expires at the end of April.
Pharmaceutical companies have been increasingly unwilling to sell drugs used in capital punishment, although Arkansas law grants vendors confidentiality.
Throssell, in response to a reporter's question, said: "Our concern is really the fact that these executions were scheduled because of the expiration date of the drug, and you are absolutely right that adds to the arbitrariness and cruelty of the whole process."
"Rushing executions" can deny prisoners the chance to fully exercise their rights to appeal and can also lead to states shortening their clemency processes, thus affecting prisoners' rights, they said.
The United Nations opposes the use of the death penalty in all circumstances, but welcomed a decline in U.S. executions from 52 in 2009 to 20 last year, Throssell said.
So far this year there have been 10 executions, they said. (Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Antelope Canyon is one of the most popular tours available from southwestern touring companies, however it is only available if weather permits. If there is a chance of flash flooding, the park will be closed.
Contact
Bindlestiff Tours
***@focusinternetservices.com Bindlestiff Tours
End
-- Many touring companies that provide Antelope Canyon tours do so as part of a larger tour that visits several national parks and protected spaces. This is done so for a reason, because there is little ability to guarantee from day to day if Antelope Canyon will be available to allow tour groups to venture inside. Antelope Canyon is quite different than other protected areas, both in it's dramatic landscape and also in the danger that is posed by the very elements that created the landscape. Antelope Canyon is one of the most dramatic "slot canyons" on earth, the canyon itself being formed by channels cut through the ground by fast moving water over thousands of years. Water taking the same path over and over again dug a trench in the sandstone earth, forming the smooth walls and sandy floor that now make up the Antelope Canyon experience. This phenomenon of flash flooding also poses a very real danger that must be understood and respected. This is why Antelope Canyon is closed to tours if there is any potential at all flash flooding within the vicinity.There have been several instances of tour groups being hurt and even killed by flash flooding over the years, which have lead Navajo Nation to install safety features in case a flash flood was to happen. The most extreme measure is that if there is a possibility of rain even miles away, the area is closed to traffic. Many do not understand that the area can be subject to flash flooding from rain even miles away that is not seen from inside the canyon. For this reason, only qualified tour leaders are allowed to guide tours through the area, ones who understand and will abide by the rules of not touring if there is a warning from the weather service.Because Antelope Canyon tours cannot be guaranteed, most tour groups will provide Antelope Canyon as an expected stop during a series of stops at other national parks, with the potential of needing to be replaced by a different park if weather does not allow a tour. The usual parks involved in these tours are Bryce Canyon, Zion Canyon and the Grand Canyon. Many times, Lake Powell will be substituted if Antelope Canyon is not available.If you would like to entertain options for tours of Antelope Canyon, contact Bindlestiff Tours at https://www.bindlestifftours.com/ antelope-canyon- tours/
Here's a WJON FlashBriefing for July 3:
You can listen to WJON live on your Amazon Alexa-enabled device. Get details .
You can also listen to this WJON Newscast and others as part of your Alexa FlashBriefings. Find out how.
Tiger Woods admits they need to learn to win again as they return to the scene of one of the lowest points of their career this week. Woods has won the Memorial Tournament five times, but also shot the highest score of their career at Muirfield Village with an 85 in the third round on their last appearance in 2015.
That left Woods in last place, and, with 71 players in the field, the former world number one was first out on their own for Sunday's final round.
“I didn't want anyone to watch me play,” they joked at their pre-tournament press conference on Wednesday. “I tried and unfortunately that's all I had.
“I take great pride throughout the years of never bagging it. I've tried in every single round and tried to fight to the end and unfortunately I shot 85, the highest round I've ever had and it didn't feel very good.
“Unfortunately on this golf course and hitting it as bad as I did, it just wasn't good enough.”
Tournament host Jack Nicklaus had said in their own pre-tournament press conference earlier this week that Woods, who has won 79 times on the PGA Tour, was not immune from having to “learn how to win again”.
Nicklaus said they had to do the same on their way to an 18th Major title in the 1986 Masters at the age of 46. Without a win in two years and struggling in the final round, Nicklaus birdied the ninth and 10th before storming home to become the oldest winner at Augusta National.
‘Finish it off'
“I think there's an understanding of what it takes to finish it off and get a W [win],” said Woods, who is playing their 10th tournament since undergoing spinal fusion surgery in April 2017. “I've been on runs where it came pretty easy and other stretches where it was very difficult.
“To me this is a little bit different because it's coming back off not really playing for a while. I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar [Championship in March], I had a chance to win there and finished second and it really felt comfortable.
“The last few times I've had a chance and been up there on the board I felt comfortable, and hopefully I can shoot the low round when I need it.”
Woods is part of a world-class field at Muirfield Village which features eight of the world's top 10, including new number one Justin Thomas, Rory McIlroy and Justin Rose, who could replace Thomas at the top of the rankings with a second straight win following victory in the Fort Worth Invitational.
Chances
McIlroy, who won for the first time since September 2016 at the Bay Hill Invitational in March, finished second in the BMW PGA Championship on Sunday after failing to convert a three-shot halfway lead.
“I've earned more world ranking points than anyone this year so that's a positive,” the 29-year-old told a pre-event press conference. “I've only converted one of the chances that I've had – I think I've played in four final groups – but it's all going in the right direction.
“It's just about letting it happen, and maybe not trying too hard. If I can just freewheel a little bit like I did in the last round at Bay Hill I think good results are on the way.”
April 5 S Immo AG:
* Dividend totalling 0.40 planned euros
* EBITDA for financial year 2016 consequently increased to 92.5 million euros (2015: 88.7 mln euros)
* FY consolidated net income of 204.3 mln euros (2015: 77.2 mln euros)
* In current year, S IMMO plans to take advantage of favourable situation on several of its markets and is currently examining sale of some, also larger, properties
* Acquisitions are planned in cases where price level is still attractive and where opportunities are good
* FY revenues from hotel operations (Vienna Marriott and Budapest Marriott Hotel) amounted to 42.9 mln euros (2015: 45.5 mln euros) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Don't miss the online coverage from Round 12, Polaris ACE Powerline Park, of the 2017 AMSOIL Grand National Cross Country Series presented by Maxxis, an AMA National Championship this Saturday, October 7, at 1 p.m. and 4 p.m. and Sunday, October 8 at 1 p.m. EST on RacerTV.com.
Saturday, October 7
ATV Racing
Online: 1 p.m. EST, www.RacerTV.com (LIVE)
UTV Racing
Online: 4 p.m. EST, www.RacerTV.com (LIVE)
Sunday, October 8
Bike Racing
Online: 1 p.m. EST, www.RacerTV.com (LIVE)
U.S. 30-YEAR TREASURY YIELD ON TRACK FOR LARGEST WEEKLY RISE SINCE NOVEMBER 2016 - REUTERS DATA
Rise Above HIV- June 17 at Park West; South Side Help Center & AIDS Healthcare Foundation; Congresswoman (IL-2) Robin Kelly of Congressional Black Caucus for Women & Girls to Speak
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
* Riseabovehiv.org Industry:
* Lifestyle Location:
* Chicago - Illinois - US Subject:
* Events
Contact
Creola Hampton, GreaterWorks! Communications, Inc.
***@greaterworks1.com Creola Hampton, GreaterWorks!Communications, Inc.
End
-- Grammy-nominated R&B recordingartistand R&B/neo-soul artisthave joined forces with AIDS Healthcare Foundation,the Reed For Hope Foundation, WORLD and Chicago-based South Side Help Center (SSHC) to present "RISE Above", a national sexual health awareness campaign, on, located at 322 West Armitage Ave. This "women's only" event is free and open to the public,but attendees must register online for tickets at riseabovehiv.org. Doors open at 5:30 p.m. and seating is on a first-come, first-served basis.The event will feature an intimate evening of live performances, conversation, free massages, giveaways and more.Inspired by the late Dr. Maya Angelou's powerful and impactful poem,the RISE Above campaign focuses on eliminating HIV-related stigma by educating and empowering women of color about healthy relationships, sexuality and wellnessLaunched in Oakland, CA in early March 2017 as a part of National Women & Girls HIV/AIDS Awareness Day,campaign will come to Chicago on Saturday, June 1On September 21, the RISE Above campaign tour will also hold an event in Cleveland, OH before culminating in Atlanta, GA in early November.magazine, a national publication dedicated to the health and well-being of women of color, has signed on as a national media partner for the campaign.According toand Hispanic/Latina, compared with women of other races/ethnicities. Of theotal estimated number of women living with diagnosed HIV at the end of 2013, 17% (39,177) were white, and 17% (38,664) were Hispanics/Latinas."Across our country, women of color from all backgrounds continue to be impacted disproportionately by HIV and other sexually transmitted infections,"said, executive director of South Side Help Center. "As we celebrate 30 years of service to communities across Chicago, we are pleased to have our own Congresswoman Robin Kelly, who recently co-founded the Congressional Black Caucus on Black Women & Girls, join us for this event. We're also excited to partner with Goapele and Raheem DeVaughn, two amazing artists who are using their visibility to bring awareness to these issues. Bringing together black women and inspiring them to break through stigma and become both sexually educated and empowered to 'rise above HIV' is a goal we all share."To learn more about the RISE Above HIV campaign go to www.riseabovehiv.org . For a special message from the artists visit: https://youtu.be/ vyllGQAvka8 AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHFthe the largest global AIDS organization, currently provides medical care and/or services to over 700,000 individuals in 38 countries worldwide in the US, Africa, Latin America/Caribbean, the Asia/Pacific Region and Eastern Europe. To learn more about AHF, please visit our website: www.aidshealth.org, find us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/aidshealth and follow us on Twitter: @aidshealthcare and Instagram: @aidshealthcareWORLD ('Women Organized to Respond to Life-threatening Diseases') is a diverse organization for, by, and about women living with, and at risk for, HIV/AIDS. WORLD improves the lives and health of women, girls, families and communities affected by HIV through peer-based education, wellness services, advocacy, and leadership development. We envision a world where women, girls, and families affected by HIV and AIDS have the tools, support, and knowledge to live healthy and productive lives with dignity. Our vision is rooted in a commitment to human rights and wellness with the understanding that this includes freedom from violence; access to housing; quality healthcare; food security; physical, spiritual and emotional wellbeing; education and economic justice.South Side Help Center (SSHC) For 30 years, South Side Help Center has provided critical services to help negate the incidence and impact of HIV/AIDS in Chicago's communities of color. Initially founded in 1987 with the goal of educating the African-American religious community so it could be sensitive to the needs of people impacted by HIV/AIDS, SSHC's services have evolved to include HIV/AIDS outreach and direct care services and a comprehensive range of youth and capacity building programs to help people of all ages embrace a lifestyle of prevention against mental, physical and social ills by providing positive, healthy alternatives so that community residents can lead productive lives. Serving people and strengthening communities is its mission. In March, 2015, SSHC became an affiliate of AIDS Healthcare Foundation further strengthening its ability to fulfill this goal. To learn more about the programs and services of SSHC visit www.southsidehelp.org. and www.facebook.com/SouthSideHelpCentermission is to improve the vitality of the global village by changing specific cultural attitudes about wellness, disease prevention and health disparities through the strategic implementation of messages that impact pop culture. We aim to inspire our friends, our partners and our communities to join us in raising our voices on targeted health issues while bringing focus, action and HOPE to causes that enhance the quality of living for all.
Police say an 8-year-old is suspected in the home day care death of a 1-year-old boy whose body was found concealed Friday morning in one of the home's bedrooms. Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis told MLive.com the case's primary witness is a 5-year-old.
“The 1-year-old was crying, and it appears no one was attending to the child,” Lewis told MLive.com. “The 8-year-old dealt with the baby crying.”
Bryanna Reasonover, Korey Brown's mother, reportedly dropped Korey and two other children off on Thursday night. Reasonover said they returned to Keysha Keepers on Friday after work and found their son unresponsive in a Pack ‘n Play, according to WOODTV.com.
FAMILY CREATES #MUSTARDCHALLENGE TO RAISE FUNDS FOR CHILDHOOD CANCER IN HONOR OF DAUGHTER
While Lewis told MLive.com that there were no obvious injuries to Brown, Reasonover told Fox 17 they noticed bite marks and bruises on their son's face and fingers.
“When their face rolled over they had all these bruises on the side of their face,” they told Fox 17. “And that' when I said, ‘What's wrong with my baby's face?””
A 911 call was placed at 6:15 a.m. Friday, WZZM 13 reported, but CPR was not successful. Police said the 8-year-old was taken to Mercy Health Partners Hackley Campus for a mental evaluation.
“I thought I saw everything,” Lewis told MLive.com. “This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it.”
BOY CAN ONLY EAT 7 FOODS INCLUDING CHICK-FIL-A WAFFLE FRIES
Police are investigating where the adults were in the home at the time of the alleged incident, and that an autopsy to reveal the official cause of death is planned.
“This person that was involved in the death probably felt something was wrong,” Lewis told the news outlet. “If you're a child and break something, you try to hide it.”
Keysha Keepers's day care is licensed to tend to up to 12 children and is open 24 hours a day, MLive.com reported. It was first licensed in November 2016.
BUENOS AIRES May 2 Lithium production in Argentina is on track to reach 145,000 tonnes in 2022 from 29,000 tonnes produced in 2016 thanks to new investment plans, the Energy and Mining Ministry said in a report on Tuesday.
Argentina is the world's No. 3 producer of lithium, a hotly demanded material used in car batteries and mobile phones. The country currently produces around 16 percent of global output.
"There are several projects at different stages of progress that could be operating in the next five years," the ministry said in the report. It said the investments total $1.5 billion.
The report included a chart that projected production of more than 145,000 tonnes of lithium in 2022.
Investments listed in the report included the construction of a 50,000-tonne capacity plant at the Cauchari salt mine in the northern province of Jujuy by Lithium Americas Corp .
It also mentioned projects planned by Galaxy Resources Ltd and French company Eramet SA.
Miners Enirgi Group Corporation and Orocobre Ltd will expand their production of lithium in Argentina with investments of $720 million and $160 million, respectively, Argentina's government said last month.
(Reporting by Eliana Raszewski; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
(Adds context)
By Mahmoud Mourad
CAIRO, April 20 Iraq may seek to be exempt from a deal between oil exporters to reduce global supply in order to support crude prices and ask to boost its own output, the leader of the nation's Shi'ite ruling coalition Ammar al-Hakim told Reuters.
OPEC is due to meet in May to decide on an extension of supply curbs decided late last year to lift prices.
Speaking in Cairo, Hakim cautioned that Baghdad could ask to be exempted from taking part in the supply curbs as the nation needed its oil income to fight Islamic State.
"Given these sensitive circumstances, it is the right of Iraq to hope for an exemption by the other OPEC member states and have an opportunity to increase its production," Hakim, an influential cleric, said in an interview late on Wednesday.
"But we are with the principle of reducing the overall OPEC supply to lift prices."
Hakim is the president of the National Alliance, a coalition of the main Shi'ite political groups including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's Dawa party. The Shi'ite community forms a majority in Iraq.
Iraq is OPEC's second-largest producer, after Saudi Arabia, with an output of 4.464 million barrels per day (bpd) in March, a reduction of more than 300,000 bpd on levels before OPEC cuts were implemented from Jan. 1.
Baghdad reluctantly agreed to take part in the current agreement to restrain output. Hakim was one of the Iraqi leaders whom OPEC Secretary Mohammed Barkindo met while on visit to Baghdad in October when trying to broker a deal. (Reporting by Mahmoud Mourad in Cairo; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli in Erbil, editing by David Evans)
Digitisation, networking and big data are megatrends in the electronics industry, to which electronics manufacturers today should react quickly and with flexibility. Huge data volumes have to be managed and archived for the long term. At the same time, demands on performance are increasing. Rehm has developed a smart system software with the new ViCON that not only provides the best possible control of the VisionX series, but also increases machine uptime and efficiency with numerous analysis tools.
“As the volume of data in modern industrial plants increases, so too do the demands on machine control in today's digital transformation. We presented our new software to an international expert audience at this year”s “productronica”. The visitors were particularly impressed by the new tools that make everyday production easier. This shows that we as an industry leader and global player are in tune with the times with ViCON and are implementing new trends ready for series production,” says Johannes Rehm, Managing Director of Rehm Thermal Systems.
Keep the line running – a good basis counts
Rehm has achieved a small milestone in the development of modern operating concepts with the new software. ViCON stands out with a clearly structured interface design and intuitive touch control. All messages, commands and parameters are visible at a glance in the main screen with machine view. With numerous features, for example, a favourites bar that can be freely added, the unique grouping of parameters or the individual process monitoring and documentation, ViCON offers the operator optimum support for all manufacturing processes. Access rights, views and favourites are tailored exactly to each user. The objective is to depict the system”s current operating status clearly so that the operator can react quickly to status and alarm messages. Only the relevant information is displayed, and a cluttered software interface is a thing of the past.
In addition to the basic software, Rehm is developing additional features to increase efficiency, including monitoring tools from ViCON Analytics range, the ViCON Connect remote manager for monitoring the entire Rehm machinery and the ViCON App, which allows the operator to keep an eye on production in a mobile way.
ViCON Analytics: Greater transparency in the manufacture of electronics
What is happening in the reflow soldering system? What areas can be further improved? Where are the hidden potential savings? These questions can be answered quickly with ViCON Analytics. Special monitoring tools capture the plant”s data on quality, costs or performance and collate the results in clearly laid-out logs. This makes corresponding analyses possible and potential for improvement apparent.
ViCON Connect: Flexible operation – offline, online or on the system
Being able to access the machine from anywhere and at any time is essentially these days. With remote access via ViCON Connect, the operator can retrieve machine data at any time, switch directly to the system, and monitor production conveniently at the workstation. This makes it possible, in conjunction with a cross-divisional system, to maintain an overview of the entire production – even worldwide!
Mobile retrieval of system data with the ViCON App
The App – developed especially for ViCON – allows mobile access to all the relevant system information via smartphone. Operating status and alarms are visible at first glance. The responsive design ensures optimum display on varied devices, thus offering a convenient overview – system-wide for IOS, Android and Windows. The ViCON App is not restricted to a specific system; instead it represents all Rehm systems that are installed during the production and which have been connected to the App.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Adds details)
* C.bank lends 495.5 bln yuan via MLF in April
* C.bank lends 10.89 bln yuan via SLF in April
* Reduced cash injections signal bid to curb credit growth
BEIJING, May 2 China's central bank injected 506.39 billion yuan ($73.43 billion) into the financial system via short- and medium-term liquidity tools in April, down 18 percent from the previous month, sigalling a bid to rein in rapid credit growth.
The fall followed a 50 percent month-on-month jump in injections in March and a 35 percent drop in February.
Under its new "prudent and neutral" policy, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) has adopted a modest tightening bias in a bid to cool explosive growth in debt, though it is treading cautiously to avoid hurting economic growth.
The PBOC lent 495.5 billion yuan to financial institutions via its medium-term lending facility (MLF) in April, the bank said in a statement on Tuesday.
The outstanding MLF was 4.108 trillion yuan at the end of April compared with 4.064 trillion yuan at the end of March, it said, implying a net injection of 44 billion yuan.
The bank lent 128 billion yuan for six months and 367.5 billion yuan for one year.
Meanwhile, the central bank extended 10.89 billion yuan of loans to financial institutions in April via its standing lending facility (SLF), it said.
Outstanding SLF loans were at 10.27 billion yuan at the end of April compared with 70 billion yuan at end-March, it said, implying a net drain of 59.7 billion yuan.
The PBOC uses the MLF and the standing lending facility as tools for managing short- and medium-term liquidity in the country's banking system.
On March 16, the central bank raised interest rates on its reverse repurchase agreements, SLF and MLF loans, following a rise in rates on the reverse repos and SLF in early February.
China's pledged supplementary lending (PSL) facility stood at about 2.3 trillion yuan at the end of April, compared with 2.216 trillion yuan at end-March, the central bank said. ($1 = 6.8958 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
DETROIT (AP) — Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire.
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4, the 2013 to 2017 A5, the 2012 to 2015 A6, and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017. All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines.
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short. No reports of fires are listed.
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. An Audi spokesperson in the U.S. said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
Advertisement
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update. But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued.
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11.
A real estate and investment group is in escrow to purchase the Naples property on the Gaviota coast, and the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors will ultimately decide whether the proposed development should be transferred to the potential buyers.
The current property owner, SBRHC Inc., a First Bank affiliate, on June 6 sent the county an official request for a transfer of development rights to the potential purchasers, Spectra America of Los Angeles and New York-based Cerberus Capital Management, according to Dianne Black, assistant director of county planning and development.
They said county supervisors have 45 days in which to consent or to elect not to allow the transfer agreement to stand, and added that inaction within that time frame would essentially concede the transfer to the new owners.
The item is tentatively scheduled for a hearing before the supervisors on July 2, although Black said both parties have the option of extending the time frame and continuing the matter until after the board's summer break on Aug. 20.
The Board of Supervisors has supported the Naples development project in the past. In 2008, the board granted approval of initial plans for a 71-home development on the 3,200-acre tract, which straddles Highway 101 west of Goleta.
First Bank took control of the property after a foreclosure process involving the initial developer, and hasn't found a viable enough buyer since.
Black said the county could refuse the transfer of development rights if either Spectra America or Cerberus Capital Management is also found lacking in financial resources or in some other way as companies.
“The development agreement is fairly specific,” they said, noting the terms. “It's really reputation and financial resources. We have not received any information about Spectra America yet.”
The Naples project has received staunch opposition over the years from environmental groups. Late last year, a judge ruled against a coalition of environmental organizations that had challenged the county's decision to approve the Naples development on the grounds that the county violated several environmental protection laws.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
On Tuesday 6 March the Wee Red Bar hosted ‘Strike Night', a club night organised by second year students Maisie Caro, Emma Penney and Mohammed El- Koubani, in an effort to show support for striking lecturers and university staff.
Entry was priced at £6, and all proceeds went toward raising money for the UCU Fighting Fund, which aims to financially support strikers. This support can be through means of strike pay and members involved in disputes, where this is appropriate.
In total £767.50 was raised for the UCU Fighting Fund.
Over 100 students from the University of Edinburgh attended the extremely successful event, which had been advertised via word of mouth and social media.
Maisie Caro told The Student: “Being on strike is a difficult time for many members of the university staff. Strikers are not only put under financial strain with the loss of pay, but also the potential for backlash by students whose teaching has been affected.
“Strike Night was organised in response to these issues – both as a fundraiser and a show of support. We wanted to show that students understand that they share the interests of the university tutors, lecturers, researchers and staff.
“After all, their working conditions are our learning conditions”.
Kye Perry, a second year Music Technology student and the resident DJ of popular club night ‘Confidance', supplied the music for the night. Their mix of funk and dance music gave the event a fun and hopeful vibe.
Kye Perry told The Student: “Being involved in Strike Night was a really exciting opportunity and gave ‘Confidance' some extra exposure.
“The group organising the event were lots of fun to work with and were really satisfied with the money that was raised.”
The event took place during the third week of national strikes over changes to university staff's pension schemes.
Talks have taken place to try and resolve the dispute, but there are mixed opinions as to their success.
Photo by Maisie Caro.
All Signs: This week lucky Jupiter moves into Scorpio. It was last in Scorpio in 2006; and before that in 1994, 1982 and 1970-71. It will stay in Scorpio for a year; after which it won't return again until 2030 and then 2042. (By then, my back will go out more than I do.) This will be a great blessing for the Water Signs (Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces). And because of a special mathematical relationship, Virgo and Capricorn will also benefit. (Capricorns always get into the act, generally because they own the place.) So yes — this is really big stuff! It doesn't come along very often. But note: This shift of Jupiter actually brings good fortune to every sign – each in a different way. Tune in and don't drop out. Let me tell the tale….
Aries (March 21-April 19)
When Jupiter travels through your chart, it magnifies and increases the activity of a particular area that is called a House. (There are 12 Houses in your chart.) The good news for Aries is that as Jupiter changes signs this week, it enters one of your Money Houses! (“Holy Daddy Warbucks!”) This particular Money House is the one in charge of how you get money and wealth from others, including your partner. Therefore, in the next 12 months, it will be much easier to get a loan or a mortgage or to borrow things from other people. You will receive gifts from others; plus they will let you use things that they own. This will help you! One further influence is that your sex drive will be amped! (Money and sex. Wow!)
Taurus (April 20-May 20)
As Jupiter changes signs this week, it is fabulous news for you because Jupiter will now be directly opposite you. Most auspicious! This is a time of culmination. You will have every good chance for success but your success will go beyond material success because Jupiter is not only wealth, it is wisdom and joy. Life will start to have a deeper meaning for you. Obviously, your closest relationships, especially close friendships and partnerships will improve. They will be happier and more supportive. (This applies to business partnerships as well as marriage partnerships.) Speaking of which – you're looking at a fantastic year to get married!
Gemini (May 21-June 20)
Your health will improve in the next 12-18 months. Great! Health is wealth! Not only will your health be more vigourous and positive in the coming year, you will also have the best opportunity in over a decade to improve your existing job or get a better job. But it will go even deeper than this because you will find that your work will become more fulfilling and enjoyable. You will have a strong sense of purpose because your job will give your life structure and meaning. You will derive great satisfaction from your efforts on the job in a personal way, as well as being pleased because others can see you are excelling at what you do. Not too shabby. (Sounds good to me!)
Cancer (June 21-July 22)
Start planning for a vacation because you have the best chance for a fun vacation that you have had in over a decade! Think about what it is you really want to do, if you could take off for thrills and chills in parts unknown. The coming year also promises romance, love affairs, success in sports and opportunities to express your own artistic creativity. Relations with children will improve; and some of you will expand your world with children – through birth or adoption. Traditionally, the year you are entering is considered one of the happiest in astrology because all kinds of social diversions and adventures that are fun and pleasure will be magnified! You're entering a truly feel-good year – and you deserve it!
Leo (July 23-Aug. 22)
In the next 12-18 months (depending on if you are a July Leo or a later Leo), you will want to do anything and everything to improve your home. If you remain in your home, you will improve it through renovations, redecorating projects and buying beautiful things for where you live. Others will build their dream home or rent something new and bigger; or sell and buy. Whatever the case – you will do everything in your power to create your dream home. When you work with astrology, it's always easier. So this is the time to improve your own home or improve your real-estate assets. And likewise, your family life will improve as everyone becomes more loving and mutually generous. (Gosh.)
Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
You are an analytical, intelligent sign. As Jupiter changes signs this week, it ushers in a year for you that will be busier, fast-paced, more upbeat, more positive and in a day-to-day way – just happier! This will come about because you will slowly start to develop a more positive attitude to yourself, to those around you, and even to your daily environment. Communications with others will improve and your plans for the future will be bigger and more ambitious! That's because your everyday attitude is expanding, and you will be more generous and tolerant of other people's views. It's really trippy. You have so much to look forward to!
Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22)
“Show me the money!” This week Jupiter moves into your House of Earnings. This means that in the next 12 months (or later, if you are born after October 10) you have a wonderful opportunity to boost your earnings. This blessing will be the best it has been since 2006-07. Believe that it will happen because you can make it so. Not only will your earnings increase but your assets and wealth will increase. For example, you might actually buy things for yourself, and the result is that you feel richer and more affluent because you are now driving a new car or wearing new clothes or sitting around in your gorgeous new livingroom. Get it?
Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21)
Well, of course, the sign that really gets the biggest blessing from Jupiter in Scorpio is you! In the next 12 months, your life will flow more smoothly. You will feel more contented and happy to be in your own shoes. You will appreciate who you are and what you have; and let's face it, nothing is better than daily appreciation. Because you feel so positive about life, you will probably be more altruistic and caring to those around you. When you're happier, it's easier to be generous – it's that simple. And when you're generous – the world is generous to you. It's also that simple. Sweet!
Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21)
In the next 12 months, you will feel fulfilled because after all, you are the truth seeker of the zodiac. You want the answers to the big questions. Jupiter is your ruler and it will be in one of the most sensitive parts of your chart. You will discover and learn more about different disciplines including spiritual disciplines. Things will happen that strengthen your belief or your faith in a particular discipline. Expect a rewarding year ahead, which of course, will prepare you for when lucky Jupiter enters your own sign! In the meantime, ponder deep questions like – for example, why doesn't Jason Bourne just Google himself?
Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)
You have a pleasant 12-month window ahead as Jupiter increases the people in your world. You will be more popular! You will make new friends! You will become more involved in groups, clubs and associations. But this is more than just schmoozing with others. The people that you interact with in the next 12 months will also benefit you. In fact, these relationships will be mutually beneficial! You will be instrumental in your community, working through groups, to bring about changes that are important to you. This is also a time when you will give serious thought to your future goals. Jupiter will give you the your confidence to dream big! Yeah — go big or go home!
Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 18)
Once every 12 years, someone has the privilege of experiencing Jupiter travel across the top of their chart. This year it's your turn. Jupiter will polish your image in the eyes of others, especially bosses, parents and VIPs. You might get promotions, accolades, scholarships and awards. You will have a chance to show others what you can do, and you will shine! This is why I glibly say – this is your turn to put your name up in lights! Work-related travel will increase for many. You might also become more involved with foreign countries and people from different cultures. You're going to eat all this up with a spoon!
Pisces (Feb. 19-March 20)
Everything that Jupiter represents is what you will have a shot at in the next 12 months. This means you will expand your horizons! You will learn new things by attending schools, universities and colleges. You will travel because all your experiences are intended to broaden your horizons and enrich your experience of life. The next 12 months are all about learning more and getting ready for your chance to win accolades and get the proverbial pat on the back. Think of this as a powerful opportunity to get performance ready for 2019. Follow your intuition and desire to travel and discover new things! Make the effort. Learn as much as you can. Put wishes into action.
www.georgianicols.com
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - All the miners who were trapped underground for more than 24 hours after a storm knocked out powerlines supplying electricity to the Beatrix gold mine in South Africa have been rescued, operator Sibanye-Stillwater said on Friday.
In a painstaking rescue mission, the exhausted miners were hoisted up one by one after temporary power pylons were installed. None sustained major injuries.
Although the company had said the more than 1,000 mineworkers stuck underground were never in danger, the incident highlights safety concerns in an industry that is home to the world's deepest mines, with workers at some sites operating at depths of up to 4 km.
“Everyone is fine, there were minor injuries and a bit of dehydration but that's all,” company spokesperson James Wellsted said.
Some workers were rescued on Thursday after emergency power supply from backup generators, but damage to the winder control systems and generators at one of the Beatrix shafts caused by a power surge forced 955 employees to remain underground.
They were hoisted to surface on Friday after temporary power line pylons were installed by Sibanye-Stillwater and Eskom, the country's power utility.
The effort to get the mineworkers to the surface was slow, as they were coming up one at a time, union officials said.
“We can also confirm that all workers did not sustain any injuries ... they are just exhausted,” spokesperson Livhuwani Mammburu, the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) said.
“The NUM is extremely worried about health and safety measures in all mining companies in South Africa.”
The parliamentary committee on mineral resources asked the Department of Mineral Resources (DMR) to explain why its safety inspectors failed to detect that the Beatrix mine did not have a reliable backup power system.
Officials at the DMR were not available to comment.
By November, the 2017 death toll of 76 in South Africa's mines had already surpassed the 2016 figure of 73, ending nine straight years of falling fatalities and raising red flags for the industry.
The trend reversal is likely to reignite investor concern over mine safety and could prompt regulators to step up shaft inspections, which often result in costly production stoppages.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
By Johnny Edward:
In a bid to resuscitate their ailing form in the Nigeria Professional Football League, reigning champions Enugu Rangers have signed five players to bolster their squad Completesportsnigeria.com can report.
The players are former Golden Eaglets forward Chiderah Ezeh, Osamudiamen Adun from Nigerian National League side Insurance of Benin, former Ghana U-20 and Hearts of Oak goalkeeper Siedu Muntawakilu, Ifeanyi George from Enyimba of Aba and Bassey Akpan.
Rangers who have five outstanding games to play in the NPFL will return to the shores of the country on Tuesday from Zambia where they were eliminated from the CAF Confederations Cup competition.
They lost 3-0 to Zesco United of Zambia who advanced to the group phase of the tournament on a 5-2 aggregate after the first leg in Enugu a week ago ended in a 2-2 draw.
Enugu Rangers will also not play their game against Gombe United scheduled for the Nnamdi Azikiwe Stadium on Wednesday Completesportsnigeria.com gathered as well. ​The game has been postponed. The Flying Antelopes ended a 32-year wait to be crowned Nigeria champions last season. They are currently bottom of the NPFL log with 13 points from 14 games.
​
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
LONDON/CHICAGO, April 28 Archer Daniels Midland Co has hired a chief risk officer from rival CHS Inc , the U.S. agribusiness confirmed on Friday, a further sign of an internal shake-up as a global grain glut pressures its profits.
Chicago-based ADM has let key traders go, exited energy trading and brought in new leadership at its global trading desk in Switzerland in recent months. The company said in early April that it planned to close its South African trading desk, and it shrank its operations in Argentina at a time of increasing food production.
An ADM spokesperson said Stefano Rettore was joining as chief risk officer. They will replace Mark Bemis, who is retiring after three decades with the company.
The company, which reports first-quarter earnings on Tuesday, did not say why Bemis was retiring at this time.
An internal company memo that Reuters saw said Rettore would join ADM on May 1 and take over as chief risk officer on Sept. 1. They will report to Chief Executive Officer Juan Luciano and be based in Rolle, Switzerland.
"Stefano brings deep experience and expertise, and we are looking forward to them joining our team," spokesperson Jackie Anderson said.
The memo said Rettore, who previously was president of CHS International, the largest U.S. farmer-owned cooperative, would also be on ADM's executive council.
Among Rettore's roles at ADM will be to find ways to use new technologies to make its hedging activities more efficient and consistently profitable, the memo said.
A trade source described Bemis in their previous roles as being Luciano's "right-hand man."
ADM confirmed to Reuters earlier this week that it had replaced the leader of its global trading desk because Gary Towne, a two-decade veteran who ran it for the past year, is retiring.
The changes come during a time of increased competition from Chinese trading house COFCO Group, which has begun an aggressive expansion into the international grain market. Low commodity prices and record global stocks of crops like corn, soybeans and wheat have meanwhile thinned trading profits.
In February, ADM reported a 41 percent drop in fourth-quarter net earnings to $424 million. Gains in its agricultural services segment were blunted by more losses by its global trading desk, the second quarterly loss for the unit in 2016. (Editing by P.J. Huffstutter and Lisa Von Ahn)
It pays to be an expatriate in Switzerland. Expats living in the home of UBS Group, drugmaker Novartis and commodity trader Glencore earn an average salary of €178,616 a year. That's the highest in the world and almost twice the global average, according to data published Monday by HSBC.
Switzerland also tops the bank's expat career ranking for a second year. “Expats ranked Switzerland highly for both financial and personal well-being criteria,” said Dean Blackburn, head of HSBC Expat. “The combination of high salaries and excellent work culture has placed Switzerland at the top of the careers league table.”
It isn't just big paychecks that make Switzerland, which also hosts the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, the best all-round destination for a career abroad. Of those surveyed by HSBC, 69 per cent said their work-life balance had improved in Switzerland and 61 per cent said the work culture was better than their home country.
Germany and Sweden ranked second and third overall, despite salaries that were at or below the global average, according to HSBC. European countries took six of the top 10 spots.
“Expats in Sweden and Germany enjoy benefits outside the financial side of work,” said Blackburn. “Germany offers the best job security for expats. Sweden, as well as topping the tables for work culture, is praised by 79 per cent of expats for its excellent work-life balance.”
Ireland is still less attractive for expats, coming in 27th place, behind France (21), the UK (22) and India (26).
Money, of course, can't buy happiness. Previous data released by HSBC showed that while Switzerland ranks first in financial well-being for those working abroad, it ranks close to last in cultivating relationships and social life. The cost of living in Switzerland is also notoriously high, with Swiss newspaper Neue Zuercher Zeitung last month reporting that the price of food is 70 per cent higher than the European average, while health-care expenses are more than double.
ADVERTISEMENT
The best employment packages -- including health benefits, accommodation allowances and trips home -- are found in Middle East countries such as Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates, according to HSBC, which surveyed 26,871 expats in more than 100 countries. Hong Kong and Singapore topped the ranking for career development with 68 per cent and 62 per cent respectively of respondents agreeing that these were good places to improve their careers. Lifestyle, however, suffered for some upon moving to Asia as 30 per cent of expats in Singapore and 50 per cent in Hong Kong reported a decline in work-life balance.
Bloomberg
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Foundation Building Materials Inc:
* FOUNDATION BUILDING MATERIALS EXPANDS IN THE MIDWEST WITH ACQUISITIONS OF R M SUPPLY AND ARMCOM DISTRIBUTING COMPANY
* FOUNDATION BUILDING MATERIALS INC - TERMS OF TRANSACTIONS WERE NOT DISCLOSED
* FOUNDATION BUILDING MATERIALS INC - TRANSACTIONS ARE EXPECTED TO BE IMMEDIATELY ACCRETIVE TO COMPANY​
* FOUNDATION BUILDING MATERIALS - ‍CO ESTIMATES $27 MILLION TO $29 MILLION IN COLLECTIVE NET SALES FOR REMAINDER OF FY18 FROM THE TWO ACQUIRED COMPANIES ​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Private Aircraft Acquisition, Ownership, and Operations have faced significant Challenges in the APAC Market But Now Strictly Confidential Financial Options Are Available with the Strategic Alliance Between Phenix Jet Hong Kong and Legacy Trust
Media Contact
Phenix Jet Hong Kong
***@phenixjet.com
+18888224538 Phenix Jet Hong Kong+18888224538
End
-- Recent years in APAC, and particularly in The People's Republic of China, have been hard on investors and high-net-worth individuals trying to buy aircraft. Currency restrictions, taxation issues, and foreign ownership structures for aircraft registry top the list in combination. Phenix Jet and Legacy Trust, in strategic alliance, have developed ownership and financial instruments to overcome many of these issues. "This product has been in development for nearly three years and has taken significant efforts for creation and vetting from all relevant authorities"Phenix Jet Hong Kong CEO Andrew Svoboda stated."This is by far the most robust and sophisticated financial solution for clients in the region to come to market. As the client base matures and requires more intelligent management of their assets, Phenix Jet has invested the time and effort to create those solutions that are financially attractive and fully accepted by the authorities."The alliance brings together a fully confidential ownership structure coupled with multi-national transaction capabilities across currency challenges.Phenix Jet will lead the communications on this new service through their Hong Kong Headquarters. http://www.phenixjet.com
BARCELONA, April 29 Granada's run of six consecutive seasons in La Liga ended on Saturday following a 2-1 defeat at Real Sociedad, leaving Tony Adam's side 10 points adrift of safety with three games left.
Carlos Vela crept in at the near post to tap Real Sociedad ahead on the stroke of halftime but Granada came out fighting in the second half.
After having a goal ruled out for offside, Colombia striker Adrian Ramos headed in the first goal of Adams' brief tenure in the 65th minute.
Ramos narrowly failed to connect with a cross a few minutes later but Real Sociedad soon made their quality shine through.
Juanmi smacked the bar from the edge of the area and Mikel Oyarzabal wasted a glorious chance before Juanmi volleyed in a clever chipped pass from Sergio Canales to inflict a fifth straight defeat on Granada.
Granada, who were promoted to La Liga in 2011 for the first time in 25 years, are 19th in the standings on 20 points, joining basement club Osasuna in the Segunda Division next season.
Sporting Gijon, 18th with 24 points, have a mathematical chance of survival although they are six points behind 17th-placed Leganes, who have a game in hand.
Later on Saturday Real Madrid host Valencia, while leaders Barcelona makes the short trip to local rivals Espanyol. (Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
New year brings improvements to buildings, curriculum
hello
Families throughout the city are preparing to send their children back to school for another year of learning and growing.
Each school year brings new energy, excitement and enthusiasm. Here in Naperville Unit District 203, we're looking forward to a year full of inspiration.
When students enter their buildings for the first time, many will notice they look a little different. Over the summer, construction crews were hard at work building a new entrance at Naperville North High School and a new wing at Elmwood Elementary School, and creating a new layout inside Steeple Run Elementary School.
Naperville Central High School, Lincoln Junior High and five elementary schools had their libraries transformed into a Learning Common, a dynamic environment where a culture of collaboration, communication and creativity is fostered through thoughtful use of learning spaces and literacy growth programming.
Classrooms at NCHS and NNHS received a facelift to equip students with the technology needed to participate in our new Business INCubator classes. Students have the opportunity to work hand-in-hand with our local business community to create and execute their own business model.
This year, we'll place instructional technology into the hands of our youngest learners as we implement the final stage of our three-year Digital Learning Initiative, which provides personalized and individualized learning for students. For information, visit naperville203.org/domain/1216.
In fall 2016, more than 14,500 community members completed our School Day Survey. As a result of survey feedback, community engagement sessions and school board approval, both high schools will have a late start once a week to allow teachers to collaborate in professional learning communities. That is only the beginning as we continue to look at how to best use our school day at all levels.
New science curriculum will be rolled out at the high school and junior high levels, and a new social emotional learning curriculum will enable students to demonstrate the skills needed to be competent in their families, with their peers, in their school, at their work settings and in their communities.
Naperville 203 is once again hosting an opportunity to connect with new families in the district while meeting representatives from your child's school and community organizations.
We hope our families will join us for our Welcome to 203 Community Resource Fair from 2 to 4 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 27, at Kennedy Junior High School, 2929 Green Trails Drive, Lisle.
Naperville 203 recently made headlines when Niche.com released its annual school rankings. The organization named Naperville 203 the third best school district, and the best unit district, in the state. Naperville Central and Naperville North were ranked 15th and 19th in the state, respectively, all five junior highs were ranked in the top 10, and all 14 elementary schools placed in the top 100. We know we are a successful school district in part due to our strong community support.
Please join me in celebrating everything that makes our students, staff and community exemplary. Thank you for your continued support, inspiration and commitment to education and our students.
• Dan Bridges is superintendent of Naperville Unit District 203. Their column appears monthly in Neighbor during the school year.
Extension Weed Specialist and Professor of Agronomy, Bob Hartzler, discusses the damage that the Palmer amaranth weed has on Iowa farms, at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, U.S. February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Brian C. Frank
Extension Weed Specialist and Professor of Agronomy, Bob Hartzler, discusses the damage that the Palmer amaranth weed has on Iowa farms, at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, U.S. February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Brian C. Frank
Extension Weed Specialist and Professor of Agronomy, Bob Hartzler, discusses the damage that the Palmer amaranth weed has on Iowa farms, at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, U.S. February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Brian C. Frank
Extension Weed Specialist and Professor of Agronomy, Bob Hartzler, discusses the damage that the Palmer amaranth weed has on Iowa farms, at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, U.S. February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Brian C. Frank
Extension Weed Specialist and Professor of Agronomy, Bob Hartzler, discusses the damage that the Palmer amaranth weed has on Iowa farms, at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa, U.S. February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Brian C. Frank
Iowa State University professor of agronomy and weed specialist Bob Hartzler, at about 6 feet tall, stands next to a Palmer amaranth plant in a field enrolled in the federal Conservation Reserve Program in Chickasaw County, Iowa, United States in this 2016 handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. Bob Hartzler/Iowa State University/Handout via REUTERS
The Palmer amaranth weed is pictured in Iowa, United States in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. Bob Hartzler/Iowa State University/Handout via REUTERS
The Palmer amaranth weed is pictured in Harrison County, Iowa, United States in this undated handout photo obtained by Reuters March 31, 2017. Bob Hartzler/Iowa State University/Handout via REUTERS
WINTERSET, IOWA A U.S. government program designed to convert farmland to wildlife habitat has triggered the spread of a fast-growing weed that threatens to strangle crops in America's rural heartland.
The weed is hard to kill and, if left unchecked, destroys as much as 91 percent of corn on infested land, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It is spreading across Iowa, which accounts for nearly a fifth of U.S. corn production and in 2016 exported more than $1 billion of corn and soy.
The federal Conservation Reserve Program pays farmers to remove land from production to improve water quality, prevent soil erosion and protect endangered species.
The destructive weed - Palmer amaranth – has spread through seed sold to farmers in the conservation program, according to Iowa's top weeds scientist, Bob Hartzler, and the conservation group Pheasants Forever.
"We are very confident that some of these seed mixes were contaminated," Hartzler said.
Hartzler, an Iowa State University agronomy professor, said one seller was Allendan Seed Company, the state's largest producer of local grass and wildflower seeds for conservation land.
In written responses to questions from Reuters, Allendan said it was "possible that pigweed seed ... was present in some mixes."
Palmer amaranth is a type of pigweed. Allendan did not confirm it had found the seed in any of its supplies. It said outside labs that the firm hires to test seed quality had been unable to distinguish Palmer amaranath from other pigweeds.
The company said it started using a new DNA test in February to check its seed for Palmer amaranth.
Many farmers joined the conservation program in the past year as prices for their crops tanked amid a global grains glut. The weed can be killed, but the cost of clearing it would be another hit to the cash-strapped farming community in the United States, the world's top corn supplier.
The program is managed by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) and the Farm Service Agency (FSA), units of the USDA. NRCS officials have acknowledged that contaminated seed mixes for conservation land have spread Palmer amaranth.
In another state, Minnesota, authorities are also investigating whether the conservation program inadvertently introduced the weed to that state.
Keith Smith, a corn and soybean farmer in Gladbrook, Iowa, said they yanked Palmer amaranth out of land they set aside in the conservation program after finding the weeds last year.
They doused them in diesel and torched them with old tires.
Smith now regrets joining the program.
"I thought I'd help out the Earth," they said.
2016 Conservation Reserve Program - here
ONE PLANT, HALF A MILLION SEEDS
The NRCS and FSA denied responsibility for the infestation because they do not supply or test the seed that farmers use to turn cropland into a refuge for wildlife. Landowners are responsible for finding their own seed.
None of the companies or organizations involved in the program should be blamed, said Jimmy Bramblett, the NRCS's deputy chief of science and technology. "It's just something that happened," they said.
The NRCS is nonetheless considering giving financial assistance to Iowa farmers to help control the weed and is working with the farming community and other government agencies to control it, Bramblett said.
Palmer amaranth, which is native to the southwestern United States, grows up to 2 inches (5 cm) a day and can reach a height of 10 feet. It produces up to 500,000 seeds the size of a pepper grain, which travel easily on the wind, in manure or stuck to farm equipment and vehicles.
Midwest farmers now face increased costs for the herbicide and labor to eradicate the weed. Fighting Palmer amaranth has doubled or tripled annual herbicide and labor costs to between $60 and $80 per acre for cotton farmers in Georgia, said Stanley Culpepper, a weed science professor for the University of Georgia.
Iowa farmers currently spend between $35 to $40 per acre on herbicides, Iowa State University research shows. If Palmer amaranth is firmly established, costs could increase by up to 50 percent, Hartzler said.
Corn and soybeans can compete better with weeds than cotton plants, so the expense of controlling it could be less than on cotton farms.
DETECTIVE WORK
Palmer amaranth first arrived in Iowa in 2013 but exploded across the state last year, spreading from 5 to 48 of the state's 99 counties, according to Iowa State University.
In at least 35 of those counties, the weed was found on land in the conservation program.
The rapid rise in the incidence of the weed came after landowners in Iowa signed more contracts to put fields into the program than any other state - 108,799 out of the 637,164 total U.S. conservation program contracts, according to the USDA.
An Iowa landowner contacted Iowa State's Hartzler after Palmer amaranth infested 70 acres of farmland they planted with the conservation seed mix.
"The Palmer amaranth was uniformly distributed across those 70 acres, so that was a good sign that it came in the seed," Hartzler said.
Hartzler said they and their intern found the tiny black Palmer amaranth seeds in samples they took from seed bags the landowner purchased from Allendan.
They then grew some of the seeds in a greenhouse, they said, and they produced Palmer amaranth.
(Editing by Jo Winterbottom, Simon Webb and Brian Thevenot)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
(Reuters Health) - Infants are much less likely to get whooping cough if their mothers are vaccinated against the potentially fatal respiratory infection during pregnancy, a large U.S. study finds.
The bacteria Bordetella pertussis causes whooping cough, which gets its nickname from the sounds patients make as they gasp for air during intense coughing fits. Pertussis is highly contagious and easily spread when an infected individual coughs or sneezes. About half of babies under age one who catch pertussis require hospitalization for serious complications like pneumonia or brain disorders.
For the study, researchers examined data on almost 149,000 infants born in California from 2010 to 2015. They found babies whose mothers got the Tdap booster vaccine for tetnanus, diphtheria and pertussis were 91 percent less likely to get whooping cough during the first two months of life, a critical period before U.S. infants typically get their first dose of the pertussis vaccine.
“It's very important for pregnant women to get vaccinated,” said lead study author Dr. Nicola Klein of the Kaiser Permanente Vaccine Center in Oakland, California.
“It's an extremely effective vaccine to protect babies before they are able to get vaccinated on their own,” Klein said in a phone interview.
Health officials in many countries recommend vaccination during pregnancy, as well as a series of three shots for infants starting sometime between 6 weeks and 3 months of age. Some countries also recommend that women get vaccinated during each pregnancy because effectiveness of the shot wanes over time.
Kaiser Permanente, where all the babies in the study were born, started encouraging Tdap vaccinations for pregnant women in 2010 after a whooping cough outbreak in California. In early 2013, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended that all pregnant women get the Tdap shot, regardless of whether they previously had received this vaccine.
From 2006 to 2008, before these recommendations came out, less than 1 percent of babies at Kaiser hospitals had mothers who got vaccinated during pregnancy, the study found.
At the start of the study in 2010, about 12 percent of babies had vaccinated mothers. By 2015, 87 percent of infants had vaccinated mothers.
Babies whose mothers got the vaccine during pregnancy had a 69 percent lower risk of whooping cough in their first year of life, even after accounting for the effects of whooping cough vaccines the infants got starting at two months of age, researchers report in Pediatrics.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove that the vaccinating pregnant mothers protects babies from whooping cough, the authors note. Because most women who did get shots during pregnancy received them around the same time, the study also can't help determine the optimal point in pregnancy to vaccinate mothers.
Still, this is the first study to provide very strong evidence that vaccinating pregnant women protects their babies, especially during that critical first two months of life when infants haven't received their own dose of the vaccine, said Dr. Yvonne Maldonado, a pediatric infectious disease researcher at Stanford University School of Medicine in California, who wasn't involved in the study.
In addition, the findings should ease concerns that vaccinating women during pregnancy might make the infants' vaccinations at two, four and six months less effective, Maldonado said by email.
“This study demonstrated that this was not the case, and in fact there appears to be a benefit from maternal Tdap even after infant immunization,” Maldonado said.
Not all women are getting this vaccine during pregnancy, and if their doctor doesn't offer it they should ask, said Julie Leask, a public health researcher at the University of Sydney in Australia who wasn't involved in the study.
“The data further strengthen the case for pregnancy vaccination as the `first dose' of vaccination in babies,” Leask said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nT1TBX Pediatrics, online April 3, 2017.
The popular political debate programme Question Time, is coming to Dunstable.
The BBC show will be recorded at The Grove Theatre on October 19 for a live transmission.
And people from Dunstable and the surrounding area can apply to be part of the audience via the website: bbc.co.uk/questiontime
There are approximately 100 people in the audience who are selected to ensure political balance
Question Time hears from a range of voices and always has representation from the government of the day and the official opposition party, as well as representatives from other political parties. The rest of the panel is made-up of political commentators and well-known public figures.
This is the second time Question Time has visited Dunstable – the last time was in February 2009 with Shami Chakrabarti, Nigel Farage, Theresa May, Will Young and Geoff Hoon on the panel
Chairman David Dimbleby said: “I am very much looking forward to bringing Question Time to Dunstable. What really matters is that we have a lively audience who want to speak their mind. It's a chance for Dunstable to get its voice heard not just by politicians but right across the UK.”
We at Escortssouq present to you the world's most excellent and tempting escorts in Dubai. Our escorts make your minutes stunning with their smooth and breathtaking body. We give you the administration you really need. More info: Escort Dubai, Dubai Escort service, Escort service Dubai, Escorts service Dubai, Dubai Escorts service,
Website: http://www.escortssouq.com/
MOSCOW, April 5 Russia's economic growth will be capped at 1.5-2.0 percent in the absence of structural reforms, regardless of oil prices, Russian central bank governor Elvira Nabiullina said at an economic conference on Wednesday.
Finance Minister Anton Siluanov echoed their comments, saying that a growth of 1.5-2.0 percent was expected this year. They said Russia needed structural reforms to grow at a faster pace. (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh, Alexander Winning, Darya Korsunskaya and Elena Fabrichnaya; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Maria Kiselyova)
Unicom Teleservices offers critical service that guarantees businesses reliable communication in urgent times.
Contact
Devin Bailey
Director of Business Development
***@unicomcorp.com Devin BaileyDirector of Business Development
End
-- Anytime a business has an expected crisis, timing is crucial. In the case of an emergency, like a power outage, weather, or even no-show employees, businesses can have a reliable service to manage their calls and keep them connected. It is vital to keep business's communications open, available, and immediate during an emergency or natural disaster. Inability to communicate with clients for even one day can be crippling. By staying prepared for the worst, one can ensure the business won't be affected in the event of unforeseen circumstances.Earlier this year, Unicom effectively handled an emergency situation with a large national insurance company when they experienced a prolonged power outage. Within an hour, our agents had started receiving and managing their calls making sure that normal operations continued with minimal delays.To stand out in an industry, there is need to provide customer service that goes beyond that of the competitors. Through our service, businesses can enjoy the most reliable service, protection, and backup support. Our live operators offer the best answering service anywhere, and we only charge for the time our agents speak live with callers. We provide unparalleled call coverage for a set number of minutes each month at an affordable fee. The minutes can be rolled over to the next month and used at any time. When our agents receive a call, we use an account screen that is customized for the business and will answer and ask questions as specified. Our operators are specifically trained to handle all possible situations and can find a proper solution to each customer's call. With over 25 years of providing emergency answering services and call center solutions ( https://www.unicomcorp.com/ industries/emergency- answering... ), we possess the industry knowledge and expertise to help companies grow. Companies can save significantly by subscribing to a plan versus setting up a service when an emergency occurs.For more information on how a 24/7 call center can meet your needs, contact us at 888-636-1222. We are looking forward to discussing an emergency call center solution that satisfies the requirements and needs of the business. Every business deserves a high quality, customer-centered answering service that provides the best competitive edge for being the first company to answer the call during emergencies.https://youtu.be/Zt7Mski0RmgUnicom is a 24-hour call center ( https://www.unicomcorp.com/? utm_source=PRlog.org&utm_... ) in Alsip, Illinois that partners with businesses to create a customized answering service solution to meet client's specific business needs.+1 888-636-1222info@unicomcorp.comhttps://www.unicomcorp.com
BEIJING China said on Friday that China was willing to work with the United States on achieving a lasting resolution to tensions on the Korean peninsula.
Speaking at a regular press briefing in Beijing, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said that a peaceful resolution was the only option and that close communication between President Xi Jinping and their U.S. counterpart Donald Trump was good for the world.
They declined to comment on what China would do if North Korea carried out another nuclear test.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Writing by Philip Wen; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Twin Disc Inc:
* TWIN DISC, INC. ANNOUNCES FISCAL 2018 SECOND QUARTER FINANCIAL RESULTS
* Q2 SALES $56.55 MILLION VERSUS $33.67 MILLION
* Q2 LOSS PER SHARE $0.36
* U.S. TAX LEGISLATION RESULTED IN $4.6 MILLION OR $0.40 PER SHARE, NON-CASH CHARGE IN QUARTER
* EXPECTS TO INVEST APPROXIMATELY $7 MILLION TO $9 MILLION IN TOTAL FISCAL 2018 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
* TWIN DISC - INCREASE IN Q2 SALES WAS PRIMARILY DUE TO IMPROVED DEMAND FOR CO‘S 8500 SERIES TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS FROM NORTH AMERICAN FRACKING CUSTOMERS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
COME-BY-CHANCE, Australia, April 5 As hungry cattle look on, May McKeown pushes an eight-foot bale of hay off their truck and onto the ground below.
It's one of their regular chores on Longview farm where the 78-year-old McKeown has lived alone for most of the last 15 years.
They have no plans to retire anytime soon.
"I will keep going on doing this for as long as I am fit," they said in a recent interview on their farm near the town of Come-by-Chance, about 700 km (435 miles) northwest of Sydney.
McKeown's family has been farming in the northwest corner of New South Wales state since the late 19th century.
Recent rains have brought some relief to an area hit by years of drought that forced McKeown to cut back their cattle herd and hand-feed the remaining animals.
Working alone in a male-dominated field like farming has also raised some eyebrows over the years.
"Oh, you get all sorts of comments," McKeown said. "But I know sons of farmers nowadays who can't drive a tractor, let alone ride a horse like me, and I'm nearly 80!"
In their spare time, McKeown enjoys writing poetry about life on the northwest plains.
They take inspiration from the works of the Australian "bush" poet, Banjo Paterson, who wrote about rural life around the end of the 19th century. Among their most famous poems was "The Man from Snowy River".
They also remember when their father recited poems from atop their horse on their way home from a day of mustering.
"They are memories that I think of and write them down. Like a certain tree in a paddock where something happened," they said. (Reporting by David Gray; Editing by Darren Schuettler)
Expert Panel Discusses Impact of Current Trends on CRE Industry
speakers
Contact
Caryl Communications
***@caryl.com Caryl Communications
End
-- While the future of brick-and-mortar retailers is decidedly uncertain, undesirable locations are likely to suffer as the market transforms, while well-located properties that can attract "experiential"retailers will thrive.This was one of the key takeaways shared by industry experts at NAIOP New Jersey's June 6 chapter meeting, held at the Teaneck Marriott at Glenpointe. Led by Rockefeller Group's Clark Machemer, the panel discussion focused on current retail trends, in particular the shift to "experiential retail" and its impact on commercial real estate development as well as opportunities for investors."We are hearing a lot of talk about how traditional retail is dying," said Machemer. "As developers and property owners struggle to determine the right mix of retailers, store sizes and formats, how can brick-and-mortar stores evolve to compete in today's omnichannel world?""We wouldn't agree that retail is dying, but it's definitely changing," said Herbert Eilberg, chief investment officer at Urban Edge Properties, whose company spent $500 million over the past six months buying shopping center properties in northern New Jersey and the New York metro area. "The projects we're interested in are necessity and value driven, and we're looking at how we can complement them by adding to the experience. The word we like to use is engagement. Are we engaging the consumer?"Millennials Continue to Drive DecisionMakingNancy Erickson, executive managing director with Colliers International, cited the continued dominance of Millennials as the key decision-makers in terms of what's next in retail. "We're following their lead and focusing on tenants that offer something they can't do on Amazon while they're watching TV," they said. "This includes restaurants, discount fashion retailers and entertainment such as luxury dine-in movie theaters. Fitness and medical services, such as urgent care centers and medical spas, are also growing".Erickson noted that food was "the number one discussion" at the recent International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) conference in Las Vegas. "We all want good food and we're looking for something unique. Although national chains will do well, it's the out-of-the-box restaurants that are going to influence development both in shopping centers and mixed-use projects."Mark Pottschmidt, co-founder of Stanbery Development, agreed that food is replacing fashion as a key driver of foot traffic to the company's retail lifestyle centers and mixed-use projects. At Stanbery's planned mixed-use project in Parsippany, they said, "We expect 30 to 40 percent of the tenants to be food operators ranging from fast casual to white table cloth. Amenities on the ground will drive demand for the apartments above."Erickson, whose Retail Team manages prominent mixed use assignments including Bell Works in Holmdel and Valley & Bloom in Montclair, stressed the importance of communication between developers and retailers to create more engaging shopping experiences."Retail is often an afterthought in mixed use developments. The column widths of the office and residential requirements above the retail portion define the width of the retail spaces and storefronts. This can make leasing to national retailers difficult, as the sizes are now pre-defined."Capital is Finding QualityBrian Whitmer, senior director Metropolitan Area Capital Markets Group with Cushman & Wakefield, said investors have returned after a lull that resulted from uncertainty over interest rates and the new administration. "We're seeing the capital and buyers come back into the market, and the interest is in quality retail properties with good tenant mixes," said Whitmer. "Sellers are starting to become more active, and many of themhave been looking at strategic dispositions of noncore, secondary and tertiary assets."Whitmer noted that the investor profile has shifted to high net worth individuals, 1031 exchange buyers and syndicated money. "We're also seeing people reinvesting in their better properties to improve on what they have," they said.When asked about the future of New Jersey's malls, the panelists agreed there will be a major correction. "Across the U.S., 20 percent of malls will close in the next five years," said Erickson. "The expectation is that upscale malls like Short Hills and discount malls which draw from a broad customer base will continue to do well. Less desirable locations will be de-malled and repurposed."Eilberg added, "Malls are interesting right now and there is no logical next step for them. We bought Hudson Mall in Jersey City, which was partially de-malled. Existing ownership had taken good care of the asset and there are clearly improvements to be made. However, we feel that it's great waterfront real estate, our tenants are doing well and it presents a lot of different options."Whitmer noted, "We're at the forefront of experiencing the dynamics of retail adapting to e-commerce in real time. Food, fun and fitness are filling voids, along with the repurposing of large boxes for last-mile distribution."Panelists were positive about the future of national big-box retailers, citing Lowe's, Home Depot and Best Buy as brands that will continue to grow. Pointing to the continued expansion of Marshalls, T.J. Maxx and Home Goods, Erickson called the brand "a tenant to follow." Eilberg singled out Best Buy for its return to traditional retail fundamentals, a move that has "reinvigorated the chain and we think they're a winner."On the whole, retailers offering convenience, value and customer service in good locations are going to be successful. Less desirable locations offer ample opportunity for repurposing and redevelopment. "There is an oversupply of retail, and the fact that supply is shrinking is frankly a good thing for the market," noted Eilberg. "At the end of day, the idea is to create a win-win. We have to work together and think creatively about ways to revise the model."About NAIOP New Jersey ( http://www.caryl.com/ naiop-nj/
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
MELBOURNE – Falling steel inventories in China point to an improving outlook for iron-ore through the rest of this half, according to one of the world's top exporters of the raw material.
While demand for iron-ore has been slower to rebound after Lunar New Year celebrations than in recent years, steel stockpiles are now being drawn down at a faster-than-usual pace, Fortescue Metals Group CEO Elizabeth Gaines said in an interview. Inventories of reinforcement bar just capped a fifth weekly drop, according to Shanghai Steelhome E-Commerce Co.
Advertisement
“That will improve everyone's confidence for the promising fundamentals for iron-ore in this quarter,” Gaines said by phone on Tuesday, after the Perth-based miner reported a drop in output and rising costs. “It's been later, but now we are starting to see those steel stocks draw down.”
Iron-ore has rebounded in April after slumping into a bear market last month amid concern over record stockpiles at China's ports, and on signs of weaker-than-expected steel demand. Mainland mills are now preparing to boost purchases of cheaper raw materials as profitability retreats, according to Gaines, who visited China this month. That would benefit Fortescue, which produces cargoes with lower iron content than rivals including Rio Tinto Group.
Advertisement
“That was the message coming through loud and clear” in talks with Chinese customers, Gaines said. “That this is driven by profitability. And as soon as that profitability comes under pressure, our steel mill customers will be looking for a lower cost of input.”
March 31 Dx.Com Holdings Ltd:
* EPRO, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, and subscriber entered into subscription agreement
* Subscriber has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 245 new epro shares at a total consideration of hk$20 million
* EPRO has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and subscriber has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 245 new epro shares
* Estimated that, upon completion, there will be a loss from subscription, which is a deemed disposal, of approximately hk$10 million
Source text (bit.ly/2nHd7JJ)
Further company coverage:
March 29Shanghai Shibei Hi-Tech Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay 0.2 yuan per 10 shares to shareholders and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/g7eTAh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Apr 1, 2017; Key Biscayne, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain serves against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) in the women's singles championship of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
British number one Johanna Konta has withdrawn from this week's Volvo Car Open in Charleston, South Carolina, citing a right shoulder injury.
Konta, winner of the weekend's Miami Open, would have been the number two seed in the WTA event.
"I was battling a slight shoulder injury and sickness during Miami which has taken hold," Konta said in a statement.
Konta, the world number seven, won the biggest title of their career when they beat Caroline Wozniacki 6-4 6-3 in the Miami final on Saturday.
American Madison Keys is the Charleston event's top seed.
(Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo, North Carolina, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Chelsea have announced that John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season.
The former England captain has been used sparingly by Antonio Conte this season, playing just 366 minutes in the Premier League after signing a one-year extension last May. A statement on Chelsea's website on Sunday confirmed the 36-year-old will depart Stamford Bridge in the summer.
“After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough. There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks,” said Terry, who added that they will not retire.
“I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season. The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days. We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave.
“I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I. I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me. I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware.
“Finally, words cannot describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans. I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you've shown me over the years. You mean the world to me and every trophy we've won during my time at the club we've won together. I will never forget the incredible journey we've been on. Thank you so much for everything.”
Guardian services
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BERLIN Britain must understand that it won't have advantages over its 27 peers in the European Union once negotiations over its exit from the bloc are concluded, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said in remarks published on Saturday.
"There is no free lunch," Schaeuble told the Funke Media Group, using an English expression. "Britons must know that."
Chancellor Angela Merkel this week warned Britons not to delude themselves that they would continue to enjoy EU rights after Brexit and insisted the bloc would only agree on future ties with London after they have nailed down a deal to leave.
British Prime Minister Theresa May said Merkel's remarks underlined how tough Brexit negotiations will be.
Schaeuble added: "We don't want to weaken Britain. But we also don't want that the rest of Europe is weakened. Britain should not have advantages after the exit, that other countries don't have."
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Liverpool is under investigation by the Premier League over allegations it breached rules governing the transfer of youth players in a failed attempt to recruit a schoolboy from Stoke City, according to reports in the British media.
If the allegations, which were first reported by the Daily Telegraph, are proven, Liverpool could be hit with a transfer ban on academy players or a fine for offering a banned inducement to the player under rules introduced last year.
According to the reports, Stoke had a contract with the player under which it had agreed to pay their private school fees and the boy's parents wanted Liverpool to do continue doing so.
Liverpool initially agreed to continue paying the fees until the boy turned 16 but withdrew its contract offer after learning that new rules meant it would have to begin paying school fees of all school children on its books.
As a result, the boy was left without a club and their parents left liable for their fees, leading them to complain to the league, which launched the investigation earlier this year.
Liverpool are cooperating with the investigation, but the boy cannot sign for another club until Liverpool pay Stoke 49,000 pounds in compensation, the reports added.
(Writing by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by John O'Brien)
NEW YORK, March 29 Puerto Rico's benchmark 2035 general obligation bonds traded as low as 60.7 cents in light trading on Wednesday, their lowest price since the $3.5 billion issue was sold in 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The bonds, which had not traded since March 22, later recouped some value, trading at 62 cents.
The debt has been in default since last year when the U.S. Congress passed a rescue law known as PROMESA that created a debt restructuring process for Puerto Rico. Defaulted debt trades more like an equity and is not typically quoted with a yield.
The U.S. territory is facing an economic crisis marked by $70 billion in debt, a 45 percent poverty rate and rampant emigration, with creditors expected to take cuts to repayment as part of a looming restructuring.
The 2035 bond has plummeted since opening at 73 cents on March 13, the day Puerto Rico's federally appointed financial oversight board approved a turnaround blueprint for the island that contemplated only $800 million a year to pay debt, a fraction of what Puerto Rico owes.
Hector Negroni, whose private equity firm, Fundamental Credit Opportunities, holds Puerto Rican GO debt, downplayed recent price drops.
"Prices move for lots of reasons, but they don't reflect the value of my priority or the reality of the fiscal picture," Negroni said in an interview.
In Puerto Rico's case, a sizable portion of the heavily distressed bonds are held by hedge funds, and trade lightly. Prices reflect dwindling confidence among some traders about the island's ability repay GO debt, which is guaranteed by its constitution.
But whether and how much GO debt Puerto Rico can pay may ultimately be decided by courts. Under PROMESA, the territory has until May 1 to negotiate a consensual debt restructuring with creditors without facing lawsuits.
After that date, creditors can sue the island, or it could commence a court-supervised restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy protection. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Daniel Bases and David Gregorio)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion came from behind for the second time in two days to beat Hull and keep pace with Everton in the battle for seventh.
In-form playmaker Robert Snodgrass volleyed the visitors in front before Chris Brunt's header brought Albion level shortly after the break.
Gareth McAuley put the Baggies in front with James Morrison sealing the win on their return to the starting line-up.
Albion were strong favourites before kick-off, but Hull dominated the first period.
Hull danger man Snodgrass fed Adama Diomande who lashed their shot horribly wide inside the first few minutes.
The visitors continued to press and forced a third corner in quick succession that Jonny Evans stooped to head clear.
Snodgrass, popping up all over the park, rolled Darren Fletcher and force Claudio Yacob into a foul on the edge of the box.
The Hull man, a real threat from set-pieces, picked themselves up and drew a smart save from Ben Foster low down to their right.
Foster could only watch as Michael Dawson's fierce effort sailed past a post when Albion failed to sufficiently clear yet another corner.
So many warning bells, but they landed on deaf ears as the Baggies fell behind 21 minutes in.
Ahmed Almohamady, on their last game before joining up with the Egypt squad for the Africa Cup of Nations, had too much time to cross from the right.
Snodgrass darted into the penalty area, losing Yacob in the process, and volleyed past Foster.
Clearly struggling with what appeared a hamstring strain, Jonny Evans was replaced by Allan Nyom, triggering a radical change in formation.
Pulis went with three centre-backs in Nyom, Gareth McAuley and Craig Dawson and pushed Brunt and Matt Phillips into wing-back roles.
The change did not interrupt the pattern of the match with Hull the dominant force.
Save for a weak Salomon Rondon header, David Marshall was not employed in the opening 40 minutes.
Foster remained the busier, getting down low to repel a Tom Huddlestone stinger after a last-gasp McAuley tackle had denied Diomande at close range.
Like at Southampton, Albion suddenly came to life in the final five minutes of the first half.
The hosts finally moved the ball with pace and purpose on a counter-attack that saw Morrison tee up a chance for Rondon.
Ex-Albion defender Curtis Davies stretched just enough to block Rondon's near post effort as the angle conspired against him.
Phillips nutmegged Davies out on the right and drove into the box, but Marshall pounced on their low centre as the crowd finally rose from the seats.
Albion picked up from where they left off and levelled four minutes after the interval.
Brunt, whose influence at corners tends to be as a taker, headed powerfully past Marshall after Hull had granted them freedom of the far post.
It was role reversal moments later, but Phillips could not find the same accuracy and force with their header from Brunt's corner.
Hull's shambolic set-piece defending was evident again as McAuley headed home their fifth of the campaign from another Phillips corner on the hour mark.
Somewhat remarkably, Phillips now has nine assists to their name including their one in the EFL Cup defeat to Northampton.
It was nearly curtains for the Tigers, but Phillips could not keep their shot down after cutting in from the right.
The visitors nearly restored parity when Ryan Mason met another Elmohamady centre from the right.
The former Spurs player missed the target when well-placed, but Morrison did not make the same mistake.
The Scot profited from a loose Rondon touch with an improvised a left-foot volley that took the game away from Hull 16 minutes from time.
There was still life in Hull.
Foster sprang to their left to stop Dawson's near post header before Jake Livermore and Mason missed the target from 25 yards.
ANALYSIS
Tony Pulis made their offensive intentions clear before a ball had even been kicked.
Keen to unlock the Hull defence, they named Nacer Chadli and James Morrison in the team for the first time in search of some creativity.
But it was Hull who created almost all of the openings first half.
Albion were unrecongisable after the break, presumably after a good talking to at half-time.
Phillips' dead ball quality made a real difference as well.
CROWD WATCH
Support for the manager seemingly knows no bounds.
Even before kick-off their name was chanted passionately by those in the Smethwick.
The optimism was short-lived though, as Hull bossed the early stages.
Smoke poured from the Smethwick, as a flare was let off in the away section after Hull's opener.
Had Albion's performance been a firework, it would have fizzled out in the first half.
But the Baggies were far more explosive after the break, presumably after a half-time rocket up the players' bottoms.
“We've got Kanu, Robson-Kanu,” was sang with even more enthusiasm than usual as the Welshman was readied from the bench.
“We're all going on a European tour,” was the chant.
Surely it's time Albion were considered serious contenders.
BIGGER PICTURE
Albion's second comeback win in two days ensures they keep pace with Everton in the battle for 7th.
Everton's win over Southampton wasn't all bad for the Baggies.
The result at Goodison Park opened up a five-point gap to the Saints.
Albion can now forget about the league for a week or so.
A home game against Championship side Derby County beckons on Saturday when the FA Cup returns.
Goals: Brunt (49), McAuley (62), Morrison (73) - Albion
Snodgrass (21) - Hull
Star man: Phillips
Attendance : 23,402
Albion : Foster, Dawson, McAuley, Evans (Nyom, 29), Brunt, Yacob, Fletcher, Phillips, Morrison, Chadli (Robson-Kanu, 61), Rondon (McClean, 87).
Subs not used: Myhill, Olsson, Gardner, Galloway.
Hull: Marshall, Maguire, Davies (Henriksen, 84), Dawson, Elmohamady, Huddlestone, Livermore, Clucas, Snodgrass, Mbokani (Mason, 65), Diomande.
Subs not used: Jakupovic, Robertson, Meyler, Maloney, Weir.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
HOLIDAY FUN: Jorja Ohlbrecht at Bundy Bowl and Leisure on Friday, 3 April 2015. Photo: Max Fleet / NewsMail
IF YOU are looking for ways to keep the kids entertained for the rest of the holidays, here's seven things to keep them preoccupied before the school year begins.
1. Get active
Flip Out is open from 9am to 9pm every day, the indoor trampoline arena will keep the kids jumping despite rain or shine.
They are currently sweetening the deal with a special $15 mums and bubs deal for one hour of jumping and a free coffee.
Flip Out is on 10/96 Mount Perry Rd, for more details call 4152 0888.
2. Bundy Bowl and Leisure Complex
From 10am to 9pm, strike a win with a game of ten-pin bowling, or just beat the heat with the crazy dodgems, wild west shootout, jurassic putt, Zoo Cafe, arcade games, zone 3 Lazer Tag and the slide and playground.
Go to 17 Lester St or call 4152 4334 to book.
3. Library fun
The town library is hosting activities from January 5-20 for some summer fun. Activities vary from paddle pop stick craft, totem pole decorating and story session with local author Kris Sheather to family board game nights.
For more details go to http://library.bundaberg.qld.gov.au/youngpeople/activities or call 41304650.
No Caption
4. Free fun at BRAG
The Bundaberg Regional Art Gallery is holding a Summer Series from January 4-22 with activities to create artworks Gathering by the Sea On Tour - all sessions are free.
On January 11 and 12, BRAG is hosting artist Kay S Lawrence fro Yarn Bombing workshop for kids aged 7-16 for $5.
5. Lots to do at Moncrieff
The Moncrieff self-guided activities are running from January 3-20 with everything from creating a Trolls action dice, face painting, colouring in, a visit from the Alexandra Park Zoo Major Mitchell Cockatoo, themed puzzles and koala origami.
Visit www.moncrieff-bundaberg.com.au/holiday-program-december-2016 for dates and times.
6. Challenge the kids
To give the kids a surreal sense of adventure and puzzle solving, Entrapment Games Escape Rooms on 21 Targo St is the perfect place to get the kids thinking outside the square.
Challengers have one hour to find the clues, solve the puzzles and escape the room.
Open only by appointment to ensure you have a personal and private experience, call 0422 864 438 to book.
7. Check out tunnel
Pack a picnic and check out the scenic drive to and through Boolboonda Tunnel in Mount Perry.
The tunnel stretches 192m into rock, unlined and unsupported and is renowned as the longest unsupported tunnel in the Southern Hemisphere.
May 3 General Communication Inc
* GCI reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue $228 million
* Pro forma ebitda is expected to be between $300 million and $325 million in 2017
* Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $165 million in 2017
* General Communication Inc qtrly loss per share per class b common share and per class a common share of $1.60 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Katie Wright selects the best beachwear, whatever your size, shape or age.
As we creep ever closer to holiday season (yay!), you may have noticed – in the shops or on social media – that swimwear seems to be shrinking.
Cossies come with deep V-fronts and ludicrously high-cut legs, while bikinis are becoming even itsy-bitsier and teeny-weenier than ever.
That's all well and good if you're a Kardashian cast member or a leggy model (or both – looking at you, Kendall Jenner), but what if you don't want to flash your bum or sideboob or tan lines when you head off on hols?
The good news is, among this year's swim collections, there are actually a lot of amazing options for those of us who need a more few inches of Lycra and strings or straps to keep our bits in place.
From sleek swimsuits to flattering bikinis, these stylish pieces will make you look and feel amazing this summer…
Black bathing suits
We all know black clothes are super-slimming, and the same applies to swimwear, especially if you opt for a swimsuit that comes in a suck-it-all-in fabric.
Black mesh is also great for giving the illusion of a bikini but with more support.
(M&Co/PA)
M&Co Plain Black Tummy Control Stripe Swimsuit, £30
(Bluebella/PA)
Bluebella Aegean Swimsuit, £32
(Fat Face/PA)
Fat Face Phantom Textured Swimsuit, £38
High-waist bikinis
There's a reason high-waisted bikinis are so popular with plus-size fashion bloggers – they're fantastic for emphasising your waist and skimming over that lower midriff area that so many of us are keen to keep under wraps.
Floral patterns and cute ruffle details make these two-pieces even prettier.
(Simply Be/PA)
Simply Yours Halterneck Bikini Top, £26, and matching Strappy Bikini Brief, £16, Simply Be
(Boux Avenue/PA)
Boux Avenue Adelaide Sling Bikini Top, £30, and matching High-waisted Bikini Briefs, £18
(Navabi/PA)
Junarose Ruffle Detail Halterneck Bikini Top, £28, and matching Bikini Bottoms, £24, Navabi
Supportive bikinis
Blessed in the breast department? You're probably going to want to steer clear of soft-cup triangle bikinis.
Instead, look for bra-like tops with padded cups, underwiring and thick straps for ultimate support (and sexiness).
(Swimwear365/PA)
(Left) Curvy Kate Blue Stripe 'Ahoy' Halterneck Bikini Top £36, and matching Fold Over Bikini Briefs, £20; (Right) Curvy Kate Blue Stripe 'Ahoy' Balcony Bikini Top, £36, and matching Tie Side Bikini Briefs, £20, Swimwear365
(Figleaves/PA)
Figleaves Riptide Underwired Twist Plunge Bikini Top, £28, and matching Riptide Twist Brief, £18
(Lipsy/PA)
Lipsy Alice Bikini Top, £32, and matching Briefs, £20, Next
One-piece wonders
Combining candy colours and simple silhouettes, these bright swimsuits will help you channel modern pin-up glamour.
Look for wrap and drape detailing that skims and slims.
(JD Williams/PA)
Simply Yours Plait Bandeau Swimsuit, £35, JD Williams
(Seaspray/PA)
Seaspray Lagoon Ombre Draped Strapsuit, £78
(Matalan/PA)
Matalan Stripe Tie Front Swimsuit, £16
© Press Association 2018
April 28 Time Inc
* Time inc. Board comments on interest in company; determines to pursue the company's own strategic plan
* Time inc- management affirms 2017 financial outlook
* Time inc- digital ad revenues are expected to grow to more than $600 million in 2017
* Time inc - affirmed that we remain on track with financial outlook for year
* Time inc - board of directors "evaluated a number of expressions of interest with assistance of external advisors"
* Time inc - following review, board has determined that company will continue to pursue its strategic plan
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.25, revenue view $3.00 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Two active duty Marines said they were scammed out of $2,000 when they tried to cash in on a Memorial Day deal to Monday's Stanley Cup Final game.
Two active duty Marines said they were scammed out of $2,000 when they tried to cash in on a Memorial Day deal to Monday's Stanley Cup Final game.
“It was for active military, reserve, veterans, and family,” Cpl. Tyler Pratt with the U.S. Marine Corps said.
The ad was on Craigslist, according to Pratt.
“For the seats and location, the price was great,” Pratt said.
The ad stated that Pratt and their friend could get a pair of midlevel tickets to the game for $2,000. “We ended up scratching enough money to attend the first game,” Cpl. Steven Higgins said.
Prior to purchasing their tickets, the two corporals did their research.
“We checked verification codes, photo ID, actual photo contact, and face time contact with the seller,” Pratt said.
Pratt said the seller was from Florida and purchased the tickets to the game assuming the Tampa Bay Lightning would make it to the Stanley Cup Playoffs. They decided to sell when they lost to the Capitals, according to Pratt.
“We contacted AXS to make sure that the tickets were real,” Pratt said.
“We checked everything,” Higgins said.
Higgins said they later found out the seller used a burner phone to communicate and could not be tracked for call or text after they transferred the money.
“He ghosted us,” Pratt said.
With the high-ticket demand, Akshay Khanna of Stub Hub said the only way to prevent a scam, is to buy from an authorized seller.
“There's a lot of demand for tickets and Stub Hub is the team's official partner and we want to make sure people are buying from an authorized marketplace," Khanna said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 down 0.2 pct
* Blue chips set for biggest monthly loss since November
* Barclays drops after Q1 results
* Micro Focus helped by broker note
By Kit Rees
LONDON, April 28 Britain's top share index dipped on Friday as disappointing results weighed on banking heavyweight Barclays, with UK blue chips on track for their biggest one-month loss since November 2016.
The blue chip FTSE 100 index was down 0.2 percent at 7,220.13 points by 0920 GMT, in line with a broader fall across European equity markets.
Shares in Barclays dropped more than 4 percent, putting the bank on track for its biggest one-day loss since the aftermath of Britain's referendum vote to leave the European Union last June.
While Barclays' first quarter profit more than doubled, a weak performance at its investment banking arm disappointed as the bank missed out on a bond trading boom which boosted bond trading revenues at its U.S. peers.
The U.S. accounts for 34 percent of Barclays' revenue, its second-biggest region after the UK.
"Taking a bit of a longer-term view, Barclays is still in a state of recovery and is moving towards its goal of being a UK retail bank and a transatlantic corporate bank, but this particularly quarter I think the results were a little bit disappointing compared to what analysts were expecting," Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said.
Barclays results contrast with well-received updates from peers Lloyds and RBS, which gained 2 percent after reporting its results for the first quarter.
Shares in Mediclinic dropped more than 5 percent, pulling back after a 17.5 percent jump in the previous session after Abu Dhabi cancelled a 20 percent co-payment requirement for treatment at private facilities.
Miners were among the top gainers, however, with Antofagasta , BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto, Glencore and Anglo American all up between 1.9 percent to 2.3 percent as the price of copper edged higher.
Shares in Micro Focus jumped 1.5 percent, supported by a positive note from Deutsche Bank which began its coverage of the British mainframe computers operator with a "buy" rating.
"Micro Focus' strategy is to acquire mature software assets at attractive valuations with significant scope for operational and cost improvement," analysts at Deutsche Bank said in a note.
"We believe the current share price applies a conservative discount to the proposed synergies from the HP Software deal," Deutsche Bank analysts added.
The FTSE 100 index was set to post a monthly decline of 1.4 percent, its biggest since last November, struggling in April after British Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election which has kept sterling at 6-month highs.
Coupled with uncertainty around Brexit negotiations, a stronger currency has weighed on the index's dollar-earning firms, which enjoyed an accounting boost after sterling's 8 percent plunge in the immediate aftermath of the Brexit vote.
The UK's GDP reading for the first quarter also came in weaker than expected as a rise in inflation hit consumer-facing businesses, with the economy slowing sharply.
"For the same reason that the weakening pound meant a rising stockmarket after Brexit, a rising pound has meant a bit of a fall back in the stockmarket since the election was announced," Hargreaves Lansdown's Khalaf said. (Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
March 29 Pyng Medical Corp:
* Pyng receives final order for acquisition by Teleflex
* Pyng Medical - supreme court approved plan of arrangement whereby all of issued, outstanding shares of co to be acquired by Teleflex Medical Canada Inc Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After an extraordinary bombshell 24 hours earlier, Barnaby Joyce has confirmed they are no longer a New Zealand citizen.
The National Party of Australia leader told Australia's Parliament they had received verbal confirmation before Question Time that their application to renounce their NZ citizenship had been accepted.
 They are now awaiting documentation.
"We've received verbal communication from New Zealand before question time that that has now been accepted," the deputy prime minister said. "We're looking forward to the written advice turning up pronto."
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Labour leader Jacinda Ardern has moved to quell a ruction with the Australian Government, telling Australia's High Commissioner the actions of MP Chris Hipkins were inappropriate and refusing to criticise Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop for their comments on Labour, saying they did not wish to inflame the situation further.
Ardern called in High Commissioner Peter Woolcott after Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said they could not trust a future Labour Government if it had colluded with Australia's Labor Party to try to undermine the Government by uncovering the fact Joyce was a New Zealand citizen.
Ardern said they told Woolcott their MP Chris Hipkins' actions in asking questions that related to the issue of citizenship by descent after a conversation with an Australian Labor Party staffer were inappropriate, but stopped short of apologising.
"My intent in making that call was to be absolutely clear that the NZ Labour Party's relationship with the Australian Government is incredibly important to us."
Ardern said they were open to talking to Bishop directly and had asked the High Commissioner to convey that invitation. They could not call themselves because "I don't have their number."
"The relationship between the New Zealand Labour Party and the Australian Government is too important for politics to get in the way," they said.
"My hope in this is to have been absolutely clear and transparent with those involved around our level of knowledge, the level of involvement and to be clear again that regardless of whether or not we knew the basis on which those questions were being asked, they should never have been asked.
"Australian domestic politics is for them, not us."
They said the first they had known of Joyce's issue was when it appeared in the media this week. After Joyce referred to the New Zealand Labour Party in Parliament, they tried to find out what had happened.
"I learnt one of my members of Parliament had asked two questions which related to issues of citizenship. Hipkins should never have asked those questions. I've made that absolutely clear to him."
They said Hipkins had assured them they had not known the questions they were asked by an ALP staffer related to Joyce, but they should have known it was likely to relate to the controversy over cases dual citizenship in the Australian Parliament.
"We had no knowledge of Mr Joyce's situation. I conveyed all that to the High Commissioner."
They had also referred to Minister of Internal Affairs Peter Dunne comments that the issue was investigated after queries from an Australian journalist, rather than Hipkins.
They did not know how Joyce had come to know of Hipkins questions.
Ardern said they were "disappointed" at Bishop's comments that they could not trust a future Labour Government.
"I'm disappointed she's expressed their view in that way because as I've made very, very clear, the actions of one of my MPs was a mistake. He's acknowledged that himself.
So I am disappointed, but I will not let that get in the way of our relationship."
However, they would not say if it was inappropriate for Bishop to make such comments when the New Zealand election was just six weeks away.
"I'm not going to escalate the situation. My resolve is to make sure we get our relationship back on track. I'm not going to let this issue get in the way of that."
Ardern said they had not spoken to Australian Labor leader Bill Shorten since they rang to congratulate them on becoming leader. They did not believe Hipkins' ALP contact was in Shorten's office.
I value our relationship with the Australian Govt highly. I won't let disappointing & false claims stand in the way of that relationship — Jacinda Ardern (@jacindaardern) August 15, 2017
Bishop today accused the Labor Party of compromising relations between Australia and New Zealand, saying it would be hard to develop a relationship with members of a party that had been "used by the Australian Labor Party to seek to undermine the Australian government".
They slammed Opposition leader Bill Shorten for "treachery" in a spirited press conference after revelations a Labor MP prompted a New Zealand Labour MP to probe Barnaby Joyce's citizenship status.
"Bill Shorten has sought to use a foreign political party to raise serious allegations in a foreign Parliament designed to undermine confidence in the Australian Government," Ms Bishop told reporters in Canberra.
"Bill Shorten has serious questions to answer.
"This is highly unethical, at least.
"But, more importantly, puts at risk the relationship between the Australian Government and the New Zealand Government."
They called on Shorten to reveal the name of the MP who spoke to New Zealand Labour.
"We're used to the dodgy backroom deals from Bill Shorten when they were leader of the union movement - he's now brought that not only into Australian politics but now into the international politics."
- additional reporting news.com.au
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
April 3 AC Immune Ltd:
* AC Immune -Piramal imaging and AC Immune present first clinical data for tau pet-imaging tracer
* AC Immune Ltd says first results of ongoing clinical program confirmed favorable potential of pi-2620 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Monday in a statement that there is a necessity for de-escalation on the Korean Peninsila as a priority for the European Union and the whole international community.
North Korea's military said Wednesday it was considering a missile attack near the US island territory of Guam after President Donald Trump threatened Pyongyang with “fire and fury.”
“There is an urgent need for a de-escalation of tensions on the situation on the Korean Peninsula. It is a priority for the European Union and for the rest of the international community. We therefore call on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions,” the statement reads.
According to Mogherini, in order to address the tensions, the EU member states have agreed to enhance diplomatic efforts through reaching out and conveying the EU vision to South Korea, the United States, China, Russia and Japan, as well as to North Korea.
“The European Union is ready to support the process towards a credible and meaningful dialogue with the DPRK and the international community, with the Republic of Korea in the lead. I confirmed to [South Korean Foreign] Minister Kang Kyung-wha last week my readiness to support them in all possible ways in this endeavor,” the statement adds.
Earlier this month, the UN Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2371, which further tightens sanctions against North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent ballistic missiles tests.
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Asia and Pacific
BERLIN Air Berlin (AB1.DE) reported a record net loss of 782 million euros (654.10 million pounds) in 2016 as well as a widening loss in the first quarter of 2017, and said it was seeking new partners as it battles to revive its fortunes.
Air Berlin, 29 percent owned by Abu Dhabi-based Etihad, is already undergoing a restructuring that will see its fleet halve to about 75 aircraft and a focus on network flights rather than the tourist flights to Spain for which it became famous.
But new CEO Thomas Winkelmann, who took over three months ago, said on Friday more needed to be done in light of results they described as "highly unsatisfactory."
Air Berlin, which has made a net loss in almost every year since 2008, will look for new partnerships and cooperation opportunities, Winkelmann said, adding that could include a new investor and nothing was ruled out.
Speculation has swirled the airline could be taken over by larger German rival Lufthansa (LHAG.DE), which is already leasing 38 planes and crew from Air Berlin to expand its budget Eurowings arm. Winkelmann was previously a Lufthansa manager.
Management at Germany's largest carrier has not explicitly ruled out a takeover, but says there are three obstacles to a potential deal - anti-trust concerns, Air Berlin's debt and its cost levels.
Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr is due to travel with German chancellor Angela Merkel to Abu Dhabi on Monday. "Of course, the future of Air Berlin will be discussed," a person familiar with the matter said.
Air Berlin's 2016 loss - equivalent to a loss of more than 2 million euros a day for a company with a market capitalisation of just 61 million euros - adds to pressure on Etihad in Europe.
The Gulf carrier bought equity stakes in airlines to expand its network, but its other high profile investment in Europe, Alitalia, is preparing special administration proceedings after workers rejected its latest rescue plan.
Still, Etihad said on Friday it would continue to support Air Berlin's restructuring.
Winkelmann also said Air Berlin was postponing some new long-haul routes, such as to Hong Kong, and would focus growth on Duesseldorf rather than its home of Berlin Tegel, while it waits for the capital's much-delayed new airport to open.
The 2016 net loss includes impairment and restructuring charges of 335 million euros on previous acquisitions and airport slots that are no longer being used and compares with a loss of 447 million euros for 2015.
For the first quarter, the net loss was 293 million euros, compared with 182 million a year earlier.
Air Berlin said it had sufficient liquidity and financing to continue restructuring.
(Additional reporting by Peter Maushagen; Editing by Edmund Blair and Mark Potter)
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
U.S. President Donald Trump talks to journalists at the Oval Office of the White House after the AHCA health care bill was pulled before a vote in Washington, U.S. March 24, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
A U.S. judge on Friday approved a $25 million settlement to resolve a class action lawsuit that claimed fraud against President Donald Trump and their Trump University real estate seminars.
The ruling from U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel in San Diego concluded a lengthy and contentious lawsuit that played a prominent role in the presidential campaign last year.
The Trump University students, who paid as much as $35,000 for the seminars, claimed they were lured by false promises that they would learn Trump's investing "secrets" from their "hand-picked" instructors.
One Trump University student objected to the deal, in particular a provision blocking students from opting out of it. They said in court papers they would like to seek full recovery from Trump, plus punitive damages and other relief.
An attorney for that student could not immediately be reached for comment.
During the campaign, Trump vowed to continue fighting the fraud claims but agreed to the settlement soon after they were elected. They have admitted they did not personally select the instructors, but their lawyers have described the claim as sales "puffery."
Last year, Trump accused Judge Curiel of bias based on the Indiana-born judge's Mexican ancestry.
In their ruling on Friday, Curiel called the $25 million settlement "extraordinary" in that it represented an estimated 80 percent recovery for the students.
"The amount offered in settlement provides significant and immediate recovery," Curiel wrote.
(Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Carlos Santana has angered the Beyhive.
The legendary guitarist seemingly dissed Beyonce in an interview with Australian media following the Grammys Sunday night when they said Beyonce was "very beautiful to look at" but "not a singer, singer."
Santana says they were only trying to congratulate Adele on their big win for Album of the Year when they made the statement.
In the interview, Santana told the Australian Associated Press, "I think that Adele won because they can sing sing...With all respect to our sister Beyonce, Beyonce is very beautiful to look at and it's more like modelling kind of music – music to model a dress – she's not a singer, singer, with all respect to her."
They added: Adele “doesn't bring all the dancers and props, they can just stand there and they just stood there and sang the song and that's it, and this is why they win.”
That statement did not go over well with the Beyhive.
"The fact that Carlos Santana said those comments after he's performed on stage with Beyonce at halftime and witnessed their talent is baffling," said one Twitter user.
"Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's one (won) all their Grammys for someone else's vocals!" said another.
Carlos Santana is TRASH about those @Beyonce comments! Especially since he's won all their Grammys for someone else's vocals!🚮 — Dominick Deveraux (@Sir_Deveraux) February 15, 2017
Santana clarified their stance on Facebook Tuesday , writing that their “intent was to congratulate Adele” and that their comment about Beyonce “was regretfully taken out of context.” They add that they have “the utmost respect” for Beyonce.
"She deserves all the accolades that come them way."
-With files for the Associated Press
April 13 ADF Group Inc:
* ADF Group Inc - order backlog standing at $194.5 million as at January 31, 2017
* ADF Group Inc - Results for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CUSTOMS Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon has admitted that corruption still existed in the bureau.|
Faeldon answered “Yes,” when Sen. Antonio Trillanes 4th asked them whether there was still corruption at the Bureau of Customs (BOC).
Before this, Faeldon initially refused to answer any of Trillanes' questions as they criticized the lawmaker for spreading “incredible stories” about the BOC.
“I won't answer Sen. Trillanes. The honorable senator has already come up with stories that I am in the middle of this smuggling, that I am already guilty. So it's really pointless for me to answer these questions,” Faeldon said.
Sen. Richard Gordon, whose blue ribbon committee was investigating the smuggling of P6.4 billion in “shabu” from China had to repeatedly reminded Faeldon to answer Trillanes' query.
Gordon told Trillanes and Faeldon, both formerly in the military, to set aside their differences and proceed with the investigation.
Trillanes supported the presidential bid of Sen. Grace Poe while Faeldon helped then Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte.
Earlier on Tuesday, Faeldon said that they had not enriched themselves in the bureau by asking for money.
READ: Customs chief back in Senate for P6.4-B ‘shabu' smuggling probe
“I did not ask, I did not accept a single centavo while I'm at the Bureau of Customs,” said Faeldon who was present at the resumption of the Senate inquiry into the illegal entry.
March 30 Kong Sun Holdings Ltd:
* Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, entered into Datong Acquisition Agreement with vendor
* Purchaser agreed to acquire, and vendor agreed to sell, 98.611% equity interest in Datong Project Company
* Aggregate consideration for Datong acquisition is RMB244.2 million
* Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, entered into Pingshan Acquisition Agreement with vendor
* Aggregate consideration for Pingshan acquisition is RMB151.2 million
* Purchaser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, entered into Liyang Acquisition Agreement with vendor
* Pursuant to Pingshan acquisition agreement purchaser agreed to acquire entire equity interest in Pingshan Project Co
* Purchaser agreed to acquire, and vendor agreed to sell, entire equity interest in Liyang Project Company
* Aggregate consideration for Liyang acquisition is RMB171.3 million
* Purchaser is Kong Sun Yongtai Investment Holdings Co Ltd; vendor is Beijing Huayuan Hongsheng Energy Technology Co, Ltd Source text: (bit.ly/2nCSv5j) Further company coverage:
A man walks past a Toshiba Corp logo displayed on one of its television sets in Tokyo, Japan, November 26, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
ISTANBUL Turkish electronics and appliance maker Vestel on Monday said it was in talks to purchase the television unit of Japan's Toshiba Corp, but said it was unclear whether the deal would be finalised at this point.
Vestel, in a statement to the Istanbul bourse, said the talks had been launched under the strategy of strengthening its position in international markets.
(Reporting by Ebru Tuncay; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Daren Butler)
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel Chemicals (ICL) (ICL.TA) said on Sunday it completed a sale of its 50 percent holding in water desalination firm IDE Technologies for $167 million.
The final price was below an initial agreement of $178 million, ICL said in a statement to the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
ICL (ICL.N) said it expects to post a capital gain of $40 million in the fourth quarter from the sale.
ICL, a top global supplier of potash, said in June that it reached a deal with a limited partnership whose general partner is a company controlled by IDE's own chief executive, Avshalom Felber. The partnership also includes institutional bodies from Israel's Clal Insurance (CLIS.TA).
IDE, which has built major desalination plants in the United States, Israel, India and China, is jointly owned by ICL and Israeli conglomerate Delek Group (DLEKG.TA).
HELSINKI, April 29 The Finnish government is working with the country's central bank to convince the Nordic bank Nordea to move its headquarters to Helsinki from Stockholm, Finland's Finance Minister Petteri Orpo said on Saturday.
Nordea, the Nordic region's biggest bank by market value, is looking into moving its headquarters from Sweden to Denmark or Finland if the Swedish government raises fees for the country's bank rescue fund.
“Finland would be an excellent base for Nordea. The government aims for all our policies to be be predictable and reliable”, Orpo said in a television interview with Finnish broadcaster YLE.
The Swedish government proposed raising fees for its resolution fund - used to bail out failing banks - in February after a plan for a banking tax fell through. It would hit Nordea harder than other Swedish banks as it has brought its Nordic subsidiaries into its Swedish corporate structure.
The Danish government has already offered Nordea a home in Copenhagen, but Orpo said that as a member of the euro zone and EU's banking union, Finland could offer a more stable environment for the bank than Denmark, which is not a member of the currency bloc.
“If anything unfortunate happened, these things can be handled differently within the banking union”, Orpo said. (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell; Editing by Toby Chopra)
These are the people most wanted by police forces in the UK in relation to alleged sexual offences.
They appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page - a 160-strong list of men and women wanted in connection with crimes across Britain.
Crimestoppers is a registered charity helping law enforcement to solve crimes. Crimestoppers pay cash rewards of up to £1,000 for information and, since its formation in 1988, nearly 134,000 arrests have been made as a result of tip-offs to the charity.
Unlike some countries, the UK doesn't rank its most wanted list - crimes are not ranked by their severity and there is no ‘most wanted individual'. But, according to Crimestoppers: “The nature of the crime or the investigation will influence whether an appeal is featured.”
Police forces across the UK are responsible for the appeals that appear on the Crimestoppers Most Wanted page, uploading and removing entries and ensuring accuracy of any information provided.
Forces have strict controls to ensure that information provided is accurate. However, if you feel that an appeal is incorrect, contact Crimestoppers to let them know and they will pass this information to the relevant police force.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as they pass the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
London Stock Exchange (LSE.L) said it will buy back 200 million pounds of its shares, as it tries to placate shareholders following the collapse of its merger with Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE).
The British exchange made the announcement late on Wednesday, hours after the European Commission formally blocked the deal with its German rival. The Commission said the deal would have resulted in a monopoly in the processing of bond trades.
LSE said in February it would face costs of around 175 million pounds for the deal and it will still have to pay a significant portion of that despite the merger not going ahead.
The buyback will happen in two tranches, with the first beginning on Thursday and consisting of up to 100 million pounds of shares.
Barclays and RBC will be managing the buyback.
($1 = 0.8041 pounds)
(Reporting by Rachel Armstrong, Editing by Lawrence White)
NewsOne
St. Louis police have arrested more than 300 protesters in the last 18 days, Al Jazeera reported. Civil rights groups and activists have accused the city's police department of unlawful arrests and indiscriminate violence toward protesters, who began to assemble on September 15, after a White former officer, Jason Stockley, was found not guilty of murder for the death of Anthony Lamar Smith. Dashcam footage before the shooting showed Stockley saying, “”I'm going to kill this motherf***er, don't you know it”.
Today marks 21 days of #STLVerdict protests in St. Louis, Missouri. At least 307 people have been arrested. Police show up in riot gear. pic.twitter.com/4rjBVxqvq8 — AJ+ (@ajplus) October 6, 2017
Between September 15 and October 3, there were 307 arrests, police spokesperson Schron Jackson told reporters. A few of those arrested said they weren't even protesting, but instead were caught up in the department's “kettling” tactics, which push protesters back into a cramped space so that mass arrests can be made without escape. American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri filed a lawsuit against the department over what it called “unlawful and unconstitutional actions” against demonstrators.
Reverend Starsky Wilson, the pastor of St. John's Church in St. Louis, told reporters that police come prepared for nonexisting riots. On Tuesday, police showed up in riot gear to arrest protesters who had briefly blocked a highway. According to the news outlet, protesters chanted, “”We don't see a riot here. Why are you in riot gear?”
“Police just determined that they were going to engage in mass arrests last night, and that's exactly what they did,” Pastor Williams told Al Jazeera. “Unfortunately, in this community, we've seen such militarised policing that seeing riot gear is not uncommon any more.”
SEE ALSO:
St. Louis Police Arrest Undercover Cop, Air Force Lieutenant During Protest Sweep
Jailed St. Louis Protesters Accuse Police Of Brutality During Arrests
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hunan Er-Kang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* SAYS OWNER'S 231.8 MILLION SHARES IN THE COMPANY PLEDGED TO HUAFU SECURITIES, CITIC SECURITIES, HAVE TRIGGERED MARGIN CALL Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E5TST5 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Miami, FL: Evolution Mixed Martial Arts is pleased to announce the arrival of its new kids and teens MMA coach and adult Brazilian Jiu-jitsu instructor, Francisco Rodriguez.
Contact
Dan Monteleone
305-384-8779
info@mmamiami.com Dan Monteleone305-384-8779
End
-- Frankie is a purple belt in Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and an experienced Mixed Martial Artist. They were born in Miami, Florida on April 15, 1987 and moved to Puerto Rico a few years later, where they grew up under the care of their grandmother. They attended high school in Puerto Rico and completed a few semesters of college at Miami-Dade College after returning to Florida. They have two daughters, aged five and seven. Although they spend hours each week training hard and teaching at Evolution MMA, their work doesn't end there. Frankie spends their weekends bartending at Cadillac Ranch in Kendall. When they aren't serving cocktails or putting in time on the mats, Frankie enjoys discovering new music and spending time with their family and friends."I've known Frankie for a few years, talked to them a couple times in locker rooms during fights, thought they were a really nice guy," says Evolution MMA Miami owner Dan Monteleone. "An opportunity came up where we needed to make a change, and they were the first person I thought of. This change is definitely going to make a positive impact on the kids program. It is important for a kids instructor to have patience and understand that all kids learn differently."Frankie has been an athlete for most of their life. They started boxing when they were just twelve years old, and they played volleyball, basketball, and soccer in high school. Frankie started grappling at the age of eighteen, and had their first MMA fight in 2010 at the age of twenty-three. They boast an impressive amateur fight record of 5-1 and a professional record of 0-1."Brazilian Jiu-jitsu changed my life and helped keep me out of trouble when I was young," Frankie says. "The effort of being an MMA athlete shows that if you work hard enough you can be successful and get anything you want out of life, and I like sharing that wcj with others," they add.The fact that training forces them to live a healthy lifestyle and surrounds them with like-minded individuals who share the common goal of bettering themselves both mentally and physically motivates Frankie to train hard and teach others. Their biggest goal for their younger students is for them to be able to see their full potential and help them develop into secure adults.  They are eager to serve as a role model to Evolution MMA's kids and teens and share their passion for MMA and BJJ with others.Visit our website https://mmamiami.com/ for MMA classes and schedule.
* Stoke beat Hull 3-1 to claim first league win in six games
* Arnautovic's powerful finish gave Stoke early lead
* Hull's Maguire grabbed deflected equaliser after 51 minutes
* Substitute Crouch netted a powerful low header in 66th minute
* Stunning Shaqiri goal the 80th minute sealed the win
* Stoke visit struggling Swansea next, Hull play Watford
STOKE CITY 3 HULL CITY 1
April 15 Xherdan Shaqiri scored a stunning goal as Stoke City beat Hull City 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday to end a run of four successive defeats and increase the pressure on their relegation-threatened visitors.
Stoke had fallen four places in the table since late March, but started brightly and Marko Arnautovic beat two defenders and held off a third before blazing a powerful shot in off the underside of the crossbar in the sixth minute.
Hull, vastly improved since the arrival of manager Marco Silva in January, registered a deserved equaliser when Harry Maguire finished via a deflection in the 51st minute.
Peter Crouch's accurate low header restored Stoke's lead in the 66th minute before Shaqiri settled the result, cutting in from the right before unleashing an unstoppable, dipping shot into the top corner.
Stoke, in 11th, have 39 points from 33 games. Hull are two points above the relegation zone with 30 points. (Reporting by Tom Hayward, editing by Ed Osmond)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
A Police officer wipes their face as one of their colleagues holds a rose during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A woman places a red rose on Westminster Bridge during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
Police officers pay their respects during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A man drops a flower into the River Thames during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
People pay their respects during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Police officers carry flowers during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
People embrace after laying flowers during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
A man drops a flower into the River Thames during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
A police officer wipes their face as they hold a rose during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
People embrace after laying flowers during an event to mark one week since a man drove their car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London, Britain March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Hundreds of people joined together on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday to remember the four killed in last week's London attack.
A large crowd, which included police, hospital staff and relatives of victims, stretched across the bridge where Khalid Masood drove a car into pedestrians last Wednesday.
Masood went on to fatally stab a police officer before being shot dead in the grounds of Britain's parliament.
As well as the four dead, more than 35 people were injured in the attack.
The crowd included members of the Islamic charity organisation Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association, who held up banners reading "Love for all, hatred for none", "Islam means PEACE" and "Islam says NO to terror". There were prayers said by imams and a minute's silence was observed.
Organisers said the event would show that people would not be divided by the attack, with many holding hands in a show of unity. Some people dropped flowers into the River Thames, while others wore T-shirts reading: "I AM A MUSLIM. ASK ME ANYTHING".
Britain's Prince William also paid tribute to dead police officer Keith Palmer by laying a wreath at the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire, in the West Midlands, one of several events held around the country to remember the victims of the attack.
Earlier, an inquest was opened into the death of those killed at Westminster Coroner's Court.
(Writing by Patrick Johnston; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
KIGALI A Rwandan man accused of leading and coordinating attacks on minority Tutsis during Rwanda's 1994 genocide has been sentenced to life imprisonment for their role in the mass slaughter, Rwanda's high court said on Thursday.
In the genocide, an estimated 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and moderate Hutus were killed in just 100 days.
Bernard Munyagishari, who headed a government-allied militia known as the Interahamwe in Rwanda's west, was convicted of crimes of genocide and crimes against humanity.
Lawyers for Munyagishari said they would appeal.
Timothée Kanyegeri, one of the three judges who convicted him, said Munyagishari had trained the militia in how to distinguish the Hutu from Tutsis. They also "told them that to kill as (for a) snake, you have to hit hard the head, otherwise it will sneak away", the judge said.
Kanyegeri said Munyagishari had transported members of the militia in buses as they went to kill the Tutsis in Rwanda's former district of Gisenyi and had personally helped to distribute guns, machetes, axes and clubs used in the killings.
Munyagishari was arrested in neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo in 2011. Their case was transferred to Rwanda in 2013 from Arusha, Tanzania, where the now-closed International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda was based.
Munyagishari is being held in Kigali's central prison and was absent during Thursday's sentencing.
(Reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Elias Biryabarema; Editing by Catherine Evans)
ROME Talks between Alitalia, labour unions and the government dragged into the evening on Thursday as workers baulked at the prospect of heavy job and salary cuts that Italy's flagship carrier says are necessary to keep operating.
The latest turnaround plan for the ailing airline envisages cutting more than 2,000 jobs among ground staff and reducing flight personnel's salaries by up to a third in a last-ditch attempt to make the company profitable.
The government had hoped to win union backing for the plan by April 13, so that investors in the airline, which include Etihad Airways with a 49 percent stake and Italy's top two banks Intesa Sanpaolo (ISP.MI) and UniCredit (CRDI.MI), could launch a cash call on the following day.
But the unions, whose support for the plan is crucial for shareholders to unlock fresh financing, said they were unwilling to accept any further sacrifices.
"There is still a wide gap between the sides both on job cuts for ground staff and reducing flight personnel's wages," a labour union source said.
Alitalia CEO Cramer Ball has called the planned cuts "painful but necessary", but workers say they want more evidence that the restructuring would bring the promised results, especially given a string of failed revamps.
"How can we make concessions when we don't even know where the plan will take us?," Giancarlo Serafini, a member of the Uiltrasporti union delegation attending the talks, said this week.
Some union leaders said there was an expectation among workers that the government would not let a company employing 12,500 people fail.
Alitalia has made an annual profit only a few times in its 70-year history.
Despite several overhauls and cash injections over the years, it is losing at least half a million euros a day and could run out of cash in coming weeks unless shareholders agree to pump in more money, sources say.
Industry Minister Carlo Calenda has said the financing package for Alitalia is worth 2 billion euros (1.69 billion pounds), including an emergency cash injection of 400 million euros to keep it afloat if the rescue plan does not work out as expected.
The restructuring targets a return to profit by the end of 2019 through 1 billion euros of cost cuts and a revamp of its business model for short and medium-haul flights.
After buying into Alitalia in 2014, Etihad pledged to return it to profit by 2017 by slashing costs, turning Rome into an intercontinental hub and growing lucrative long-haul routes.
But the turnaround faltered in the face of competition from low-cost airlines such as Ryanair (RYA.L) and high-speed rail services, while deadly attacks across Europe have dented demand for travel.
(writing by Silvia Aloisi, editing by David Evans)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Media Contact
Kathryn Ryan
914-740-2250
kryan@liebertpub.com Kathryn Ryan914-740-2250
End
--(http://www.liebertpub.com/)announces significant growth in the impact factors of its peer-reviewed journals, as reported in the new 2016 Journal Citation Reports® (Clarivate Analytics, 2017). More than 30% of the company's portfolio of previously indexed journals saw double-digit percentage increases in impact factors, including(http://www.liebertpub.com/thy) with a 46% increase and new impact factor of 5.515;(http://www.liebertpub.com/neu), with a 19% increase and new impact factor of 5.19; and(http://www.liebertpub.com/soro), with a 41% increase and new impact factor of 8.649."We are pleased to see such excellent progress in the impact factors of our journals this year," says, Chief Editorial Officer. "It is a tribute to the achievements and contributions of our authors, editors, editorial boards, and reviewers, and an indication of our publications' continued significance to the scientific community."Critical clinical medicine titles http://www.liebertpub.com/ dtt ), http://www.liebertpub.com/ tmj ), and(http://www.liebertpub.com/jpm) saw increases of 23%, 13%, and 10% respectively, while(http://www.liebertpub.com/end) increased its impact factor by 8% and(http://www.liebertpub.com/g4h) solidified its position in its field with a groundbreaking 95% increase in impact factor.Also of note is a first impact factor of 3.389 for(http://www.liebertpub.com/3dp).Flagship publications(http://www.liebertpub.com/hgt) and(http://www.liebertpub.com/ten) maintained strong impact factors and reinforced their positions as leaders in their respective fields.(http://www.liebertpub.com/)is a privately held, fully integrated media company universally acknowledged for publishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in the most promising areas of biomedical research, biotechnology and regenerative medicine, clinical medicine, public health, law, environmental studies, and technology and engineering. The company's publications make critical contributions in advancing research and facilitating collaboration throughout the world in academia, industry, and government, and are also highly respected resources for legislators, policymakers, and educators. A complete list of the firm's journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on thewebsite.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Ramsgate Attack On Police Officer In Graveyard
The police helicopter has been out over Ramsgate searching for a group of people following an attack on a Police officer in a graveyard.
They were knocked unconcious near Manston Road and taken to hospital for checks
No one has been arrested so far
Kent Police released a statement
"The officer is reported to have been knocked unconscious after being assaulted by a group of people in a graveyard at about 9.50pm.
"He was treated at the scene for a head injury and has been taken to a local hospital as a precaution.
"We are carrying out searches of the local area and are being assisted by the National Police Air Service helicopter."
Something to look forward to: The last major RPG Bethesda released was Fallout 4, which hit the market roughly three years ago. It's unclear whether or not Fallout 76 will be their next major series entry or a spin-off of some sort, but Fallout fans are going wild over the possibilities on social media. We can expect to learn more about the game at Bethesda's E3 conference on June 10.
Bethesda Softworks' big E3 conference is on the way, and the company has been teasing some of their upcoming releases ahead of time to generate hype.
Earlier this month, Bethesda showed off Rage 2, a colorful and explosive sequel to the original Rage, which was initially released back in 2011. Now, the company has teased an entirely new game: Fallout 76.
Editor's note: New information about the nature of the game has been leaked, see more down below.
Information about the game is incredibly limited at the moment, but we have a few interesting bits of information to go off of. To begin with, in the teaser video, we're exposed to what appears to be the aftermath of a "Reclamation Day" celebration of some kind.
It's not clear what Reclamation Day is, but it could refer to the time when Vault dwellers are allowed to leave their home and explore the surface, effectively "reclaiming" the Earth in the aftermath of the nuclear apocalypse.
The next potentially-significant bit of information comes via Kotaku. Sources reportedly told the outlet that Fallout 76 would be a multiplayer or online game of some sort.
This claim is lent credence because Battlecry Studios (now known as Bethesda Austin) -- the team that was reportedly working on a hero shooter some time ago -- is developing the game alongside Bethesda Game Studios.
Finally, we know the game will release across all major consoles, including the Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC. There's no word regarding the possibility of a Nintendo Switch port.
Expect to hear more about the game and possibly see it in action at Bethesda's E3 conference on June 10.
Update: Kotaku's sources now claim Fallout 76 will be a survival-based, multiplayer RPG with quests and a story. Fallout 4's base building mechanic will also make its way to the game. Sources add that the game was initially prototyped as a multiplayer version of Fallout 4, with the goal of "envisioning what an online Fallout game might look like."
Mary Mitchell O'Connor was the only casualty in Leo Varadkar's cabinet reshuffle following their appointment as Taoiseach on Wednesday.
Eoghan Murphy, Regina Doherty and Michael Ring have been promoted to the senior ministerial ranks with Ms Mitchell O'Connor, who had been minister for enterprise, making way along with the outgoing Enda Kenny and Michael Noonan.
Charlie Flanagan moves from Foreign Affairs to Justice, in place of Frances Fitzgerald, with Simon Coveney replacing them in Iveagh House. Mr Murphy is taking on the Housing brief previously held by Mr Coveney while Ms Fitzgerald will replace Ms Mitchell O'Connor, who drops to the rank of super-junior minister, in the Department of Enterprise.
Ms Doherty is taking over Mr Varadkar's old role as Minister for Social Protection while Mr Ring is now Minister for Community and Rural Affairs.
Paschal Donohoe will take on responsibility for the Department of Finance in addition to Public Expenditure and Reform.
Remaining in their posts are Richard Bruton (Education), Simon Harris (Health), Michael Creed (Agriculture), Heather Humphreys (Arts and Culture), Denis Naughten (Communications), Shane Ross (Transport) and Katherine Zappone (Children).
LIVE
Donegal TD Joe McHugh was promoted to Government chief whip and Minister for Gaeltacht Affairs.
Wexford TD Paul Kehoe remains at the Cabinet table securing their super junior role with responsibility for defence.
Mr Varadkar, the youngest person to hold the office of Taoiseach since the foundation of the State, has presented their new team in the Dáil this evening.
They told the House they wanted to send a message that Ireland will be at the heart of Europe. They have tasked Mr Coveney with facing the challenges of Brexit and restoring the power-sharing Assembly in Northern Ireland.
Ms Fitzgerald will remain as Tanaiste but will be given additional powers including chairing Cabinet committees and attend State events.
Mr Varadkar was nominated for the role of Taoiseach earlier by their predecessor Enda Kenny and following a Dáil vote, they travelled to Áras an Uachtaráin where their appointment was confirmed by President Michael D Higgins.
They then returned to Leinster House to finalise their senior ministerial team who will now travel to the Áras where to receive their seals of office before a first Cabinet meeting.
Senior counsel Seamus Woulfe was announced as the new attorney general following the departure of Máire Whelan, who is taking up a position on the Court of Appeal.
The announcement was delayed twice as Mr Varadkar is understood to have spent considerable time with each Minister.
The Taoiseach will appoint Ministers of State next Tuesday and told the parliamentary party meeting on Tuesday geography and areas where a second seat is vulnerable will play a role in their selection.
FILE PHOTO - Umpires Billy Bowden (L) and Richard Kettleborough walks onto ground to start day three of the first test cricket match between Sri Lanka and South Africa in Galle July 18, 2014. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte
FILE PHOTO - Umpire Nigel Llong (C) speaks with India's Ishant Sharma (L) and Ravichandran Ashwin (2nd L) as Sri Lanka's captain Angelo Mathews (2nd R) leads Dhammika Prasad away from an argument with Sharma during the fourth day of their third and final test cricket match in Colombo August 31, 2015. REUTERS/Dinuka Liyanawatte
LONDON Cricket umpires have been given the power to eject disobedient players while tethered bails will be permitted to protect wicketkeepers from eye injuries as part of a series of law changes coming into effect from Oct. 1.
The new 'Players conduct' rule will allow on-field officials to remove a misbehaving competitor temporarily or permanently and award five penalties runs to the opposition, the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) has said.
If a captain refuses to remove their offending player, the umpire can award the match to the opposition. If both captains refuse to comply, the contest can be abandoned.
The MCC, the custodians of the game's laws, also merged "handled the ball" offence with "obstructing the field", thus reducing the number of possible dismissals from 10 to nine.
It also ratified the proposal of tethered bails to protect wicketkeepers from the type of injuries that ended South African Mark Boucher's career in 2012.
Boucher was hit in the eye by flying bails in a tour match in England, which forced them into retirement.
"Law 8.4 has been changed, to help prevent injuries, to allow specially designed mechanisms which tether the bails to the stumps, thereby restricting the distance that they can fly off the stumps but without limiting their ability to be dislodged," the MCC said.
The MCC also approved bat restrictions and allowed substitutes to keep wicket.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
* Trump has said meeting to be "a very difficult one"
* Investors fret over Trump's protectionist stance on trade
* Tesla up on record deliveries; GM, Ford drops on auto sales
* Indexes up: Dow 0.07 pct, S&P 0.05 pct, Nasdaq 0.13 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 3 U.S. stocks were flat on Monday, with investors awaiting the earnings season to justify high valuations, and, more immediately, the implications of President Donald Trump's "very difficult" meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Trump said in a tweet last Thursday that the meeting over the coming Thursday and Friday would be "a very difficult one" as the United States could not risk massive trade deficits and job losses.
"The market was a little taken aback by Trump's comments recently about the meeting," said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, New Jersey.
"The market will be anxious and will be eager to glean whatever they get from those talks."
While investors have cheered Trump's promises for fiscal stimulus and tax cuts, they worry their protectionist stance on trade could affect U.S. companies.
At 10:00 a.m. ET (1400 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 13.58 points, or 0.07 percent, at 20,676.8, the S&P 500 was up 1.31 points, or 0.05 percent, at 2,364.03.
The Nasdaq Composite fared better and was up 7.45 points, or 0.13 percent, at 5,919.19. The index eased back after hitting a record high of 5,928.93, with the biggest boost coming from Google parent Alphabet's 0.7 percent gain.
"Either this is a rest before we move higher or it is the beginning of a top for a little while, and I think earnings will be the arbiter of that decision," Bakhos said.
Five of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were little changed. Utilities and telecom services, considered the defensive plays of the broader index, were slightly lower.
Wall Street's major indexes are near record highs after a strong rally in the first quarter. The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15.
Investors are turning their attention to the impending earnings season to justify lofty valuations. Overall earnings at S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen about 10 percent in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Among stocks, Tesla's shares were up 2.7 percent at $286.06 after the electric carmaker said on Sunday its vehicle deliveries increased 69 percent in the first quarter.
However, General Motors dropped 3.1 percent and Ford declined 2.3 percent after the two automakers reported March sales.
Accenture slipped 2.3 percent to $117 after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to "sell" from "neutral".
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,203. On the Nasdaq, 1,425 issues fell and 1,105 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 16 52-week highs and three lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 62 highs and nine lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Removes reference to earlier air strikes on March 9 in last paragraph)
MOSCOW, April 13 Russia's defence ministry has no information about people being killed in an attack by international coalition forces in Syria's province of Deir al-Zor, spokesperson Igor Konashenkov said on Thursday, RIA news agency reported.
Konashenkov said Russian forces sent drones to check the area. (Reporting by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
Boston Celtics guard Marcus Smart, left, blocks a shot by Milwaukee Bucks forward Giannis Antetokounmpo during the first quarter of Game 5 of an NBA basketball first-round playoff series in Boston, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Charles Krupa AP Photo
April 20 Cormedix Inc
* Cormedix Inc- Announced an update in ongoing U.S. Phase 3 "lock-it 100" clinical trial of its lead product candidate neutrolin - SEC filing
* Cormedix - Has to date enrolled 368 patients in lock-it 100 clinical trial, recently completed safety review by independent data and safety monitoring board
* Cormedix - DSMB unanimously concluded it is safe to continue trial as designed based on evaluation of data from first 279 patients randomized on trial
* Cormedix Inc- Topline results expected to be available around year-end 2018 in phase 3 "lock-it 100" for neutrolin
* Cormedix Inc- Currently in discussions with FDA regarding possible prospective changes to protocol for clinical trial
* Cormedix Inc - FDA has accepted co's proposal to include one or more interim efficacy analyses of trial data while lock-it 100 is ongoing Source text: [bit.ly/2o7Dg6e] Further company coverage:
RABAT, April 23 Morocco has summoned Algeria's ambassador to express concern after 54 Syrians attempted to "illegally enter" the country from Algeria, the ministry of foreign affairs said in a statement on Sunday.
It said 54 Syrians attempted to enter Morocco through the border town of Figuig, an area surrounded by mountains, between April 17 and 19. It accused Algeria of forcing them to cross into Morocco.
"Algeria must assume political responsibility and morality concerning this situation," the ministry statement on MAP state news agency said.
"It is immoral and unethical to manipulate the moral and physical distress of these people, (and) to sow trouble in the Morocco-Algerian border."
There was no immediate response from Algeria on state news agency APS.
Some 5,000 Syrians have gone through a migration regulatory process in Morocco, with several hundred receiving refugee status, according to Morocco's ministry of foreign affairs.
Morocco and Algeria share a 1,500 km (970 mile) land border that runs from the Mediterranean Sea to the Sahara Desert which has been shut since 1994.
The North African neighbours have had a contentious relationship since independence from France. Border disputes triggered an armed conflict in the 1960s known as the "Sand War".
One of their biggest disputes has been over Western Sahara, a former Spanish colony, most of which Morocco annexed in 1975. Algeria supports and hosts the Western Saharan independence movement Polisario, a stance which angers Morocco. (Reporting by Samia Errazzkoui; editing by Patrick Markey and Jason Neely)
Oates has been pushing hard for the forwards. (Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images)
Oates has been pushing hard for the forwards. (Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images)
BRONCOS legend Steve Renouf has urged Corey Oates to forget about their forward flirtation and re-sign with Brisbane as a winger.
Oates' foray into the Broncos back row is all but over with the winger destined to stay where they are if they want to remain at Red Hill.
The former Maroons winger spent the pre-season training with Brisbane's forwards before being sent back to their original position by coach Wayne Bennett in Round 1.
Oates has been one of Brisbane's best players in a poor start to the season, scoring two tries and averaging 119m on the left wing with their pressure-easing carries.
The 23-year-old is off-contract at season's end and has tested their value on the open market, but 183-game Broncos flyer Renouf urged Oates to commit to Brisbane.
"He needs to make the wing their own," they said. "We've got two good wingers in them and (Jamayne) Isaako. When the Broncos are going well we have good wingers.
"You want them to stay on the wing. There was talk of them going into the second row but we prefer them on the wing.
"He's played Origin on the wing and can do some really good things. I'd be surprised if we don't lock them down.
"He loves the Broncos. I know they might have a manager looking around, but ultimately they would want to stay here."
There will be plenty of interest in Oates. (AAP Image/Glenn Hunt)
Oates signed a one-year contract extension last year as they pondered the possibility of making a move to the back row.
At 192cm and 105kg, Oates possesses the frame to flourish in the forward pack, however injuries have been cruel to their young body.
Bennett believes the Broncos are a better team when Oates is on the wing and will look to retain the 103-game winger on a new contract.
Oates, who was dropped from the Maroons last year after four Origins, said they were yet to receive an offer from the Broncos and was not worried about their future.
Oates appears at odds with Bennett about their best position. (Peter Wallis)
"I don't find it hard to be off-contract," they said. "I have 17 games of football still to play, it is a long time and the rest of that stuff will work itself out.
"It's not on my mind at the moment, it's the last thing I want to worry about. I need to play my best football for the Broncos and keep my form up.
"You never want to leave the club where you have been at for a while but it will work itself out. You never know what can happen.
"I need to get something on paper first. I can't sign if I haven't got an offer."
Bennett has named young gun Jaydn Su'a in the back row for Thursday's clash against the Rabbitohs at ANZ Stadium.
Lock Josh McGuire will shift to hooker to replace injured No. 9 Andrew McCullough while Anthony Milford and Jack Bird will start in the halves.
LIVE stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS. Get your free two-week Foxtel Now trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
What a disgrace. The U.S. government, cheered on by much of the media, launches an international manhunt to capture a young American whose crime is that they dared challenge the excess of state power. Read the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and tell me that Edward Snowden is not a hero in the mold of those who founded this republic. Check out the Nuremberg war crime trials and ponder our current contempt for the importance of individual conscience as a civic obligation.
Yes, Snowden has admitted that they violated the terms of their employment at Booz Allen Hamilton, which has the power to grant security clearances as well as profiting mightily from spying on the American taxpayers who pay to be spied on without ever being told that is where their tax dollars are going. Snowden violated the law in the same way that Daniel Ellsberg did when, as a RAND Corporation employee, they leaked the damning Pentagon Papers study of the Vietnam War that the taxpayers had paid for but were not allowed to read.
In both instances, violating a government order was mandated by the principle that the United States trumpeted before the world in the Nuremberg war crime trials of German officers and officials. As Principle IV of what came to be known as the Nuremberg Code states: “The fact that a person acted pursuant to order of their government or of a superior does not relieve them from responsibility under international law, provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him.”
That is a heavy obligation, and the question we should be asking is not why do folks like Ellsberg, Snowden and Bradley Manning do the right thing, but rather why aren't we bringing charges against the many others with access to such damning data of government malfeasance who remain silent?
Is there an international manhunt being organized to bring to justice Dick Cheney, the then-vice president who seized upon the pain and fear of 9/11 to make lying to the public the bedrock of American foreign policy? This traitor to the central integrity of a representative democracy dares condemn Snowden as a “traitor” and suggest that they are a spy for China because they took temporary refuge in Hong Kong.
The Chinese government, which incidentally does much to finance our massive military budget, was embarrassed by the example of Snowden and was quick to send them on their way. Not so ordinary folk in Hong Kong, who clearly demonstrated their support of the man as an exponent of individual conscience.
So, too, did Albert Ho, who volunteered their considerable legal skills in support of Snowden, risking the ire of Hong Kong officials. Ho, whom The New York Times describes as “a longtime campaigner for full democracy [in Hong Kong], to the irritation of government leaders of the territory,” is an example of the true democrats around the world who support Snowden, contradicting Cheney's smear.
But U.S. Democrats have also been quick to join the shoot-the-messenger craze, ignoring the immense significance of Snowden's revelations. Take Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California. Fool me once and shame on her, fool me dozens of times, as Feinstein has, and I feel like a blithering idiot having voted for them After years of covering up for the intelligence bureaucracy, Feinstein is now chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and clearly for some time has been in a position to know the inconvenient truths that Snowden and others before them have revealed.
Did they know that the National Security Agency had granted Booz Allen Hamilton such extensive access to our telephone and Internet records? Did they grasp that the revolving door between Booz Allen and the NSA meant that this was a double-dealing process involving high officials swapping out between the government and the war profiteers? Did they know that the security system administered by Booz Allen was so lax that young Snowden was given vast access to what they now feels was very sensitive data? Or that private companies like Booz Allen were able to hand out “top security” clearances to their employees, and that there now are 1.4 million Americans with that status?
As with their past cover-ups of government lying going back to the phony weapons of mass destruction claims made to justify the Iraq War, Feinstein, like so many in the government, specializes in plausible deniability. They smugly assume the stance of the all-knowing expert on claimed intelligence success while pretending to be shocked at the egregious failures. They claim not to have known of the extent of the invasion of our privacy and at the same time says they are assured that the information gained “has disrupted plots, prevented terrorist attacks.” If so, why did they not come clean with the American public and say this is what we are doing to you and why?
Instead, Feinstein failed horribly in the central obligation of a public servant to inform the public and now serves as prosecutor, judge and jury in convicting Snowden hours after their name was in the news: “He violated the oath, they violated the law. It's treason,” they said.
Treason is a word that dictators love to hurl at dissidents, and when both Cheney and Feinstein bring it back into favor, you know that courageous whistle-blowers like Snowden are not the enemy.
— Robert Scheer is editor of TruthDig.com, where this column originally appeared. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @Robert_Scheer, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
A NINE-member European Union (EU) election exploratory team led by the bloc's Head of Democracy and Support Unit, Mr Patrick Costello, arrived in the country yesterday for pre-election assessment ahead of the harmonised elections this year.
The team, the first in the last 16 years, gets down to work today and will be in the country until Friday.
This comes as EU ambassador to Zimbabwe, Mr Phillipe Van Damme, yesterday commended President Mnangagwa for opening up the electoral processes to ensure credible, free and fair elections.
President Mnangagwa has pledged to invite international observers, including the EU and United Nations, to monitor the polls as part of their efforts to entrench democracy in the country.
Mr Van Damme said the EU delegation's business begins today when it is expected to meet Foreign Affairs and International Trade Minister Sibusiso Moyo and Zimbabwe Electoral Commission officials.
“We have quite an extensive team of nine people coming, five have come from our headquarters (Brussels, Belgium) led by the Head of Division for Electoral Observation Mission Mr Costello and flanked by heads of Southern Africa Division in our headquarters,” they said.
“On top of our internal people, we have also mobilised for external experts precisely to help quantify what will be required to mobilise an Electoral Observation Mission.”
On the delegation's mission, Mr Van Damme said: “The purpose of the mission this week is precisely to determine whether it will be feasible, useful and advisable to deploy that observation mission.
“Part of the work to be done this week is also to determine if indeed a decision is made to deploy an observer mission, the size of that mission. Business begins tomorrow (today) with a meeting with Foreign Affairs Minister and Zec.”
The team is expected to meet various stakeholders, including opposition parties and civic society.
Mr Van Damme said the delegation would come up with a report that will see the EU making a determination on whether or not to send observers for the elections.
“The team coming this week will establish a report which will be transmitted to EU High Representative and Vice President of the Commission Federica Mogherini,” Mr Van Damme said.
“She will then decide whether indeed it is advisable to deploy and if so, what size of the mission.”
Mr Van Damme commended President Mnangagwa for committing to transparent elections.
“We welcome this invitation for not only the EU, but the international community to bring Observer Missions,” Mr Van Damme said.
“The EU team will basically do the same exercise done by the Sadc team last week. I hope all the Missions will come and I understand the African Union (AU) is also planning a Mission, while some other international Missions will come in as well, shortly.”
The last EU official associated with its election observer mission was Mr Pierre Schori, who arrived on a two-week tourist visa in 2002, but was expelled after they made a series of utterances pre-judging the electoral process.
The Sadc Electoral Advisory Council (SEAC) last week met Zec officials, Minister Moyo, MDC Alliance leader Mr Nelson Chamisa, as well as National Assembly Speaker Advocate Jacob Mudenda and Senate President Edna Madzongwe.
The visit is in line with Sadc Principles and Guidelines Governing the Conduct of Democratic Elections and fulfils President Mnangagwa's pledge of free, fair and credible elections.
Election observation is now being done in three stages.
The first stage entails observing the pre-election period, the second is the campaigns and polling, before a final team is sent to assess stability and acceptability after results have been announced. Herald
LONDON A top-20 investor in Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) said on Monday they wanted the firm to engage with U.S. rival PPG Industries (PPG.N) over a revised bid raising pressure on the Dutch paint maker to begin talks.
Chief Executive Ton Buechner has so far refused to do so, saying PPG has yet to address "key stakeholder issues" - a position they reiterated on Monday in the face of growing opposition from shareholders led by activist investor Elliott Advisors.
The investor said while Buechner had "done a fantastic job since they took over", the revised cash-and-share offer of around 90 euros a share was "at a level where the company's got to engage; it's a decent offer", given they valued Akzo at around 75 euros a share as a standalone firm.
Valuation, and not politics or the governance structure, should be the only thing that prevented a deal from taking place, they added, and it was up to Buechner to show how they intended to close the valuation gap.
Akzo is due to detail its plan to boost shareholder value on Apr. 19, including a spin-off of its chemicals division. The investor said the move would be unlikely to deliver much in terms of value accretion to shareholders, although it depended on the price.
(Reporting by Simon Jessop; editing by Pamela Barbaglia)
Former First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond poses for photographers, on stage ahead of their show 'Alex Salmond Unleashed' at the Edinburgh Fringe, in Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain August 12, 2017. Picture taken August 12, 2017.
EDINBURGH (Reuters) - Former Scottish first minister Alex Salmond charmed a home crowd at the first of their Edinburgh Fringe shows on Sunday, as they and a surprise guest, Brexit Minister David Davis, both took swipes at Brexit, the prime minister and themselves.
"Alex Salmond Unleashed" at the world's largest arts festival is designed as a breather from a diet of politics as usual. Salmond, who is often outspoken, is the senior Scottish nationalist to have lost their parliamentary seat in Britain's June election and they also used the sell-out show to promote their belief in Scottish independence.
The UK is on the brink of leaving the European Union, although a majority in Scotland and Northern Ireland, two of its four nations, voted to stay in the EU, opening rifts in the UK's union.
So far, the government's position on what it wants from Brexit, which will sever 40 years of ties with the EU, has been unclear. An election called in June to strengthen the government's majority instead weakened it.
Salmond introduced Davis as "his pal" and "the next prime minister of the United Kingdom, perhaps the last prime minister of the United Kingdom," making a dig at the weakness of Theresa May's government to laughs from the audience.
Former First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond talks about their show 'Alex Salmond Unleashed' at a news conference at the Edinburgh Fringe, Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain August 12, 2017. Russell Cheyne
Davis' was a surprise appearance, since they head the department which will decide how Brexit is achieved. Salmond's party wants Scotland to stay in the EU, but it would split three centuries of trade and political ties with England via Scottish secession.
Both ribbed May for their lack of humour, Davis recounting that they had jokingly suggested to the prime minister that the department for exiting the EU could be called "department X" to which their response was "not a flicker," they said.
Both men made jokes about the infighting in the government over exactly how Britain will leave the EU. Davis said the so-called "transition period" for leaving the EU meant something different to everyone, "including me on different days".
After months of wrangling over what Britain wants from Brexit, ministers on Sunday set out a united approach to Brexit.
Salmond, who is still a key influence in the Scottish independence debate, said they were "increasingly attracted" by the idea of European Free Trade Agreement membership for Scotland.
They also predicted in comments to journalists on Saturday that Scotland would hold another referendum that would win independence within three or four years.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Biogas Generator Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Caterpillar, GE, Kohler, Cummins, SLPM, JDEC, Zibo Diesel Engine, Shandong Lvhuan Power Equipment.
The report begins with introducing the global Biogas Generator market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Biogas Generator report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-generator-market/5886/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Biogas Generator Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: By Feedstock Type, By-Products.
Biogas Generator Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Household Electricity, Commercial Electricity, Others.
Key points in the Biogas Generator Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-biogas-generator-market/5886/#inquiry
From all of this Biogas Generator market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Biogas Generator market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Biogas Generator distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
ON March 29, the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador passed what activists are hailing as a “landmark” law that essentially bans all forms metallic mining in the small Central American country.
The ban on mining has been brewing since 2007, when the Catholic Church, which wields formidable political influence in the country, took a stance against mining.
The following year, the right-wing Salvadoran government at the time canceled the exploration permit of the Canadian mining company Pacific Rim (absorbed by OceanaGold in 2013), prompting the mining firm to take the government to the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) in Singapore.
Two successive leftist governments in El Salvador maintained the exploration moratorium, and in October 2016, ICSID dealt a blow against OceanaGold (who inherited Pacific Rim's case), ruling the company must pay the government $8 million in legal costs, which it has so far not done. On March 28, the day before the mining ban was passed—by an overwhelming majority vote of 69 to 15—ICSID hit the mining company again, ordering it to pay interest on the back payments dating back to October. Political analysts have suggested that ICSID's rulings probably helped to encourage the government to impose the mining ban.
El Salvador is not a treasure trove in terms of potential mineral wealth, but it does have some amount of gold and silver; the northern part of the country lies within a “gold belt” that stretches from Nicaragua to Guatemala. Pacific Rim guessed there might be as much as five million ounces of gold in the tract it was granted a permit to explore in 2002; but by 2008, when the first moratorium was imposed, it had yet to find an area with a high enough concentration of gold to make building a mine worthwhile.
The main focus of the activists' arguments against mining in El Salvador is water, which is already in short supply; El Salvador is Central America's most densely populated country, and only has one significant river system. What is somewhat remarkable about the efforts against mining, however, is that they have not been based entirely on environmental or social concerns, but have advanced several potent economic arguments.
The first was that due to the high volatility of metals prices, there was a strong possibility that gold extraction, at the concentrations (measured in grams per ton of ore) that exist in El Salvador, might cost more than the metal was actually worth; throughout Central America, mines have historically gone through repeated closures as metals prices have declined.
The second was that the revenue potential of mining has been consistently overstated; according to a study by Oxfam, the value of all the exportable minerals in El Salvador (gold and silver, plus minor amounts of nickel, copper, and iron) would still be just one-twentieth of what the country collects annually in overseas workers' remittances.
The third was that the cost-conscious nature of the mining business, along with the comparatively low value of the potential resources themselves, would probably not result in local or national economic gain. While there have been economic success stories—Chile is one example—more often than not, mining communities are noteworthy for their poverty, even in developed countries—some of the poorest areas of the US are mining regions, including Appalachia (coal), the Ozarks (lead), the Four Corners region (coal), the Silver Belt in Idaho, northern Michigan and Minnesota (iron), and the Black Hills (gold). The Oxfam study noted that mining does not necessarily always result in local poverty, but far more often than advocates are willing to acknowledge, it does not necessarily result in local prosperity, either.
A big part of the problem is that because mining companies need to keep costs as low as possible to contend with volatile prices, they build mines that have short working lives, require as little infrastructure as possible, and rely heavily on automation. Oxfam and economists in El Salvador determined that an open pit mine by Pacific Rim would probably create about 800 new jobs—almost none of which would be available to locals because of the technical skills required, and would in any case only last for six to 10 years.
Mining has obviously become a very contentious issue in the Philippines of late, and perhaps El Salvador's action can provide some guidance for this country. Obviously, the Philippines has different circumstances—it is much more mineral-rich than El Salvador, for one thing—but the same questions about the viability of the mineral resources, the degree to which mining operations can be enmeshed in the national and local economies, and the life cycle of mining activities can all be critically examined, and should be, as the results of those assessments will be far more objective than purely social or environmental concerns.
ben.kritz@manilatimes.net
LOS ANGELES, April 28 California Governor Jerry Brown signed into law on Friday a bill to raise gasoline taxes and other transportation-related fees for the first time in decades in an ambitious $52 billion plan to repair the state's long-neglected roads and bridges.
The measure, increasing excise taxes on gasoline by 12 cents per gallon, from the current rate of $0.28 a gallon, and on diesel fuel by 20 cents per gallon over the next 10 years, goes into effect in November.
It cleared the state legislature three weeks ago, on the strength of a two-thirds super-majority the Democrats wield in both houses that allows them to pass new taxes with little or no Republican support.
Republicans condemned the increases, saying the state's transportation taxes and fees are already among the highest in the nation. They call the newly enacted measure the largest gasoline tax in California's history.
The average motorist in California, a state renowned for its car culture, will see transportation costs rise by about $10 a month under the measure, according to Brown, a Democrat who has governed largely as a fiscal moderate.
They have refused to back any transportation overall plans that involved borrowing money.
Supporters say the measure is needed to address a mounting backlog of crumbling infrastructure projects, including more than 500 bridges statewide requiring major repair, most of them considered structurally deficient.
The fuel tax increases, together with higher vehicle licensing fees and a new $100 annual fee on owners of electric-only vehicles, would raise $5.2 billion a year, all earmarked for road, highway and bridge repairs and anti-congestion projects.
To address concerns that those revenues might end up diverted elsewhere in the budget, the bill calls for a state constitutional amendment, to be placed on the June 2018 ballot, that would prohibit use of the funds for anything but transportation. (Reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by Sandra Maler)
GUINDA, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on wildfires in the Western United States (all times local):
11:05 a.m.
Officials have ordered more Utah residents to evacuate their homes as crews struggled to gain control over a wildfire burning near a popular fishing reservoir.
The fire burning near Strawberry Reservoir has grown to 62 square miles (160 square kilometers) over three days amid high wind gusts, steep terrain and extremely dry conditions.
Advertisement
It has destroyed about 30 structures and led officials to evacuate several hundred homes and cabins in the area about two hours southeast of Salt Lake City.
Officials on Wednesday didn't have an updated count of buildings evacuated or destroyed. But they extended evacuations to an area dotted with trees and cabins stretching about 20 miles (32 kilometers).
The blaze started Sunday. Officials believe it was human-caused but they're still investigating how it started.
___
10:35 a.m.
Crews battling a Northern California wildfire that's threatening nearly 1,400 buildings are hoping to take advantage of cooler weather to tackle the flames.
Fire spokesperson Israel Pinzon says Wednesday is expected to be the coolest day of the week, with temperatures 10 to 15 degrees lower than the triple digits that firefighters have faced.
Roughly 2,500 people had been forced from their homes. Pinzon says officials lifted some mandatory evacuations Tuesday night, though they didn't know how many people were allowed to return home.
The fire has burned through about 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) in rural counties northwest of Sacramento. It is 25 percent contained.
No structures have been damaged or destroyed.
___
10:20 a.m.
A southern Colorado wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes is still growing.
Officials said Wednesday that the fire has burned 147 square miles (381 square kilometers) since it began June 27.
Officials estimated that the fire about 205 miles (330 kilometers) southwest of Denver is still just 5 percent contained.
They say preventing the fire from spreading further south toward the small mountain town of Cuchara is a priority Wednesday.
Crews are watching for small fires inside neighborhoods as unpredictable winds persist. Nearly 1,000 firefighters are in the area.
___
8:45 a.m.
Crews are making progress against a Northern California wildfire that threatens hundreds of buildings but say wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
California officials said the fire in rural counties northwest of Sacramento was 25 percent contained as of Wednesday morning. That's up from 15 percent the previous day.
It has burned through 129 square miles (334 square kilometers) after igniting Saturday. Some areas have been under evacuation orders for days.
It's among the massive wildfires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
EU fetes end of roaming charges but risks linger for travellers
BRUSSELS, June 14 Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
MOSCOW Surveillance cameras in St Petersburg's metro system may have captured images of the person suspected of organising Monday's deadly train blast, Russian news agency Interfax quoted a source as saying.
"Images of the suspected organiser of the metro blast were captured on metro station cameras," the source said.
The explosive device may have been left in a briefcase in a metro train carriage, the source added.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; Writing by Sujata Rao)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
In this Tuesday, July 3, 2018 photo, released by the Pakistani Inter Services Public Relation Department, U.S. deputy assistant secretary of state, Alice Wells, meets with Pakistani army chief Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa to discuss how to ensure peace in Afghanistan following a recent cease-fire between the Taliban and Kabul, in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. Pakistan is believed to have played a role in ensuring the first truce in Afghanistan's brutal 17-year war when Kabul and insurgents separately but peacefully celebrated the Muslim feast of Eid al-Fitr. However, violence has later resumed. (Inter Services Public Relation Department, via AP)
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's government says it has asked WhatsApp to take "immediate action" to prevent the social media platform from being misused to spread rumors and irresponsible statements like those blamed for recent deadly mob attacks in the country.
At least 20 people have been killed in mostly rural villages in several Indian states by attacking mobs that had been inflamed by social media. Victims were accused in the viral messages of belonging to gangs trying to abduct children. The brutal attacks, which began in early May, have also left dozens of people injured.
Although Indian authorities have clarified that there was no truth to the rumors and the targeted people were innocent, the deadly and brutal attacks, often captured on cellphones and shared on social media, have spread across the country.
India's ministry of electronics and information technology said in a statement late Tuesday that the lynchings were tied to "irresponsible and explosive messages" circulated on WhatsApp. It wasn't specific on the preventative measures it expected to be taken by WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook.
Advertisement
"While the law and order machinery is taking steps to apprehend the culprits, the abuse of platforms like WhatsApp for repeated circulation of such provocative content are equally a matter of deep concern," the ministry said.
The ministry said WhatsApp "cannot evade accountability and responsibility."
"The government has also conveyed in no uncertain terms that WhatsApp must take immediate action to end this menace and ensure that their platform is not used for such malafide activities," the statement said. "Deep disapproval of such developments has been conveyed to the senior management of the WhatsApp and they have been advised that necessary remedial measures should be taken to prevent proliferation of these fake and at times motivated/sensational messages."
WhatsApp said in a blog post that it would institute awards for research on "spread of misinformation" on its platform.
"We will seriously consider proposals from any social science and technological perspective that propose projects that enrich our understanding of the problem of misinformation on WhatsApp," the post said.
The Indian Express, an English-language daily newspaper, quoted a WhatsApp spokesperson as saying, "The situation is a public health problem which will require solutions from outside the company as well, including the government."
The official said that the "responsibility is beyond any one technology company" and "requires partners," according to the paper.
"I think it's up to the Indian government to decide what is the right mechanism to address the spate of killing that is occurring. It is going to have to be a collaboration," the official said.
TIMMINS -
Cole Craft set up three goals Friday night as the GNML-leading North Bay Trappers dumped the Timmins Majors 5-2 at the McIntyre Arena.
The visitors broke the game open with a pair of unanswered third-period markers, as they skated to their 28th victory on the season.
Hoping to pick up the two points they need to move past the Soo Greyhounds into fourth place in the GNML's Major Division standings, the Majors got off to a good start Friday night.
Cameron Chisholm's ninth goal of the season, a power-play marker, gave the home side a 1-0 lead at the 5:43 mark of the opening period.
The Trappers tied things up six-and-a-half minutes later, however, when Hunter Foreshew netted their 17th goal of the season.
North Bay then took a 2-1 lead early in the second period on Dylan Bondֹ's second goal of the season.
Defenceman Cameron Svec knotted things up at 2-2 just over two minutes later when they scored their third goal of the season, a power-play marker.
The Trappers were able to retake the lead before the end of the frame, however, when Ian Denomme scored their 11th goal of the season.
Goals by Nick Hakala, their 10th of the season, and Sam Garagan, their 10th of the campaign, increase the Trappers advantage in the third period and made the final 5-2 in favour of the visitors.
Joel Rainville went the distance in net to earn their 17th win on the season for the Trappers, while Dylan Dallaire was between the pipes for the Majors and was tagged with the loss.
The Majors and the Trappers will renew hostilities on Saturday at the McIntyre Arena in a 1:30 p.m. start.
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike they were riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd.
A woman died at Kybong on Tuesday night after the motorbike they were riding crashed on the Mary Valley Link Rd. Frances Klein
TRAGEDY has struck the Gympie community again with the death of a 30-year-old woman in a motorbike crash on Tuesday night.
The woman, from Mothar Mountain, died when the motorbike they were driving crashed on Mary Valley Link Road at Kybong before 6pm, police said.
RELATED:
CRASH TRAGEDY: 'We have lost a champion'
UPDATE: Two young men dead after horror crash
Police release details on fatal crash at Langshaw
Mum killed instantly in 'horrific' crash, children critical
Community rallies for Tina and their grieving family
A Queensland Police Service statement said the woman "sustained critical injuries and was pronounced deceased at the scene" of the crash.
A 38-year-old man who was a pillion passenger was taken to Gympie Hospital in a stable condition with chest and arm injuries.
The motorbike rider was the fifth person killed on Gympie region roads in less than a month.
Selwyn Price, a 67-year-old Langshaw man, was killed in a single-vehicle crash at Langshaw on June 10 when their car careened 50m from the road down an embankment.
Less than a week later Gympie mates Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke, both in their twenties, were killed when their car slammed into a tree at Curra on June 16.
Bryce Brunjes-Kilshaw and Sam Bourke. Facebook
An Imbil woman, Tina Alleyn, 36, was killed instantly on June 26 when their car ran off Moy Pocket Rd near Kenilworth while they were driving their two children to school.
Tina Alleyn with their children Hayden and Lateesha Mcauley. A Gofundme page has been set up for them. Contributed
Imbil police Sergeant Brock Murphy said it was concerning to see five fatalities in less than a month.
"We are very concerned with the fatalities," Sgt Murphy said.
"We're always trying to enforce the road rules with the message going out every year about road safety."
Sgt Murphy reminded motorists to be cautious with more cars on the roads over the school holidays.
"Please keep in mind the fatal five with speed, distraction and fatigue the main reasons behind crashes," they said.
"Sometimes people get distracted with changing radio stations and that can be another cause of accidents."
The identity of the 30-year-old woman has not been released.
"It was a single vehicle crash. We believe no other vehicles were involved, but we still have to interview the passenger," Sgt Murphy said.
The Queensland road toll stands at 123, two more than at the same time last year.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO - The logo of Amazon is seen at the company logistics center in Lauwin-Planque, northern France on February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol/File Photo
LONDON Britain is losing up to 1 billion pounds a year in value added tax (VAT) because of fraud or error by sellers using online marketplaces eBay and Amazon, a report by the government auditor said.
The National Audit Office (NAO) said on Wednesday that the sellers involved are often based in China and that consumer regulator Trading Standards had found that U.S. companies Amazon and eBay had failed to remove sellers that were flouting VAT rules, even after being informed of the sellers' non-compliance.
READ: Amazon's arrival sounds wake-up bell for Australia's sleepy retailers
"The size of the VAT losses due to online VAT fraud or error on transactions taking place on Amazon's and eBay's online platforms could be up to 1 billion pounds a year," the NAO said, citing the latest figures from the Trading Standards Institute.
All retailers selling to customers in Britain must collect VAT of 20 percent of the value of goods sold and pay this to the government. Most western countries operate similar VAT systems.
EBay said it is committed to making its platform, where sellers advertise their goods for sale, a fair place to buy and sell.
"We will continue to work closely with (British tax authority) HMRC to ensure that all sellers on our platform comply with the law," eBay said in an emailed statement.
READ: EBay's profit forecast falls short of estimates
Amazon, which has also been criticised by British lawmakers for using complex corporate structures to avoid paying tax on the profits it makes from UK customers, said it worked closely with HMRC on the matter.
"We promptly remove any seller that they inform us is not VAT compliant,” the company said in a statement.
New rules aimed at making operators of marketplaces liable for VAT not paid by a seller identified to the operator as non-compliant would help to tackle the problem, the NAO said.
The auditor said that eBay and Amazon supported this measure but that Amazon had opposed another rule due to come into force next year, under which such businesses must perform due diligence checks on their overseas customers.
Amazon felt this was “disproportionate and ineffective”, the NAO said.
In addition to offering a marketplace to sellers, Amazon has a business that acts as a dispatcher for goods sold by third-party sellers.
($1 = 0.7785 pounds)
(Editing by David Goodman and Adrian Croft)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
The first effects of the Republican's new tax code were felt on Friday, when changes to tax withholding tables caused some people to see more money in their pay cheques.
One of those people was Julia Ketchum from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, who told the Associated Press that their check went up a total of $1.50 per week, and they were happy about it.
For some reason, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (Wisconsin) thought that was a point worth celebrating when they retweeted the article on Saturday, and wrote:
"A secretary at a public high school in Lancaster, PA said they were pleasantly surprised their pay went up $1.50 a week ... they said that will more than cover their Costco membership for the year."
Advertisement
Ryan later deleted the tweet, but before they took it down, social media users had a lot to say about it, and none of it was nice, reports Daily Mail.
US Representative from California Eric Swalwell asked Ryan over Twitter if Ketchum had all the facts.
They wrote, apparently addressing the Speaker:
"Did you tell them how much the pay cheques of the 1 percent went up a week? Or that theirs could have gone up a lot more if you had given them a lot less?"
Some people on Twitter couldn't believe that Ryan actually meant what they said, when they hit the send button on that tweet at 11.51 am Eastern on Saturday.
"This isn't a typo?" wrote Andrew Kaczynski, a reporter with CNN's KFile.
Colorado-based scientist Phil Plait shared a similar sentiment, asking, apparently sarcastically, "This is a parody account, right? …right?"
Paul Ryan later deleted the tweet, but not before they were mocked relentlessly. Photo / Twitter
Brian Schatz, a US Senator from Hawaii, shared their opinion of the answer to that question.
"That tweet about the $1.50 a week is not a PR mistake," Schatz wrote. "It is really what they [Republicans] think."
AmpliFire News editor Jordan Uhl responded with plain shock, writing:
"Republicans are proud of themselves for [checks notecard....adjusts glasses....squints] someone making 21 cents more a day?"
When Uhl noticed the tweet was no longer posted, they called Ryan out in the thread, saying: "He deleted it, like a goddamn coward."
Other users, like Cullen Crawford, took the opportunity to poke fun at the Speaker of the House.
Paul Ryan's school secretary will have to work just 1,799 more weeks to save up enough money to be able to attend the next GOP fundraiser.
Better yet, the money will (literally) go straight into Donald Trump's pocket, since the GOP is paying to use their property.
What a cycle. pic.twitter.com/ODvdrxfeMT — Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) February 3, 2018
The writer for The Late Show with Stephen Colbert posted a meme of Montgomery Burns, the notoriously frugal power plant owner from the animated sitcom, The Simpsons, telling their employee's daughter, Lisa Simpson, "Oh, don't pooh-pooh a nickel, Lisa."
Cullen wrote with the meme, "We go now to @SpeakerRyan."
Previously, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (California) was criticized for calling $1,000 bonus checks sent out by companies in response to corporate tax cuts, "bread crumbs."
That large corporate tax break, and Ryan's response to Pelosi's choice of words, provided additional ammunition for social media users who were shocked by Ryan's post.
Paul Ryan deleted this tweet, so they don't want you to see it. Please, whatever you do, do not retweet this. pic.twitter.com/27c8sbl8rH — Topher Spiro (@TopherSpiro) February 3, 2018
HuffPost political writer Matt Fuller tweeted:
"Paul Ryan: A secretary is saving $1.50 a week from the tax bill.
"Also Paul Ryan: These aren't crumbs."
Senior staff writer for Upworthy and GOOD, Parker Molloy, thought the figure to be extremely comical when they broke it down into a daily figure.
"You gave $1.5 TRILLION to the richest people on the planet, and you're using an anecdote about someone making an extra 21 cents a day to argue it was good for the rest of us? Hahahahahaha," they wrote.
$1.50 a week for 52 weeks equals $78 per year, times 125 million workers that equals $9.75 billion a year.
Yet the tax cut costs $1.5 trillion — with a t — over ten years.
Where'd the money go? https://t.co/RQKEPM75GC — Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) February 3, 2018
Vox's Matthew Yglesias responded by running the numbers the other way, which didn't quite seem to add up, either.
"$1.50 a week for 52 weeks equals $78 per year, times 125 million workers, that equals $9.75 billion a year," Yglesias wrote.
"Yet the tax cut costs $1.5 trillion — with a t — over ten years. Where'd the money go?"
Hey, $1.50 here, $1.50 there, and in a couple of millennia you're talking about real money https://t.co/WMEZ1pWNoC — Paul Krugman (@paulkrugman) February 3, 2018
Moments ago, @PRyan deleted this tweet after we told them just how out of touch they are. Show Paul Ryan what you think of their tax bill. Chip in $1.50 now to help us repeal and replace Ryan permanently this November.https://t.co/c3Fii4Q0Jn — Randy Bryce (@IronStache) February 3, 2018
Former Obama administration speech-writer-turned-podcast host, Jon Favreau, may have had the best zinger of all.
The political alum wrote:
"As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco."
As a thank you for passing a $1 trillion corporate tax cut, Paul Ryan received $500,000 in campaign contributions from the Koch brothers, which would probably cover the cost of buying a Costco. https://t.co/piiWqzOEGo — Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 3, 2018
DailyMail.com was unable to reach Ketchum to ask whether they would be using the projected additional $78 in their yearly paycheck for a new Costco membership, or to pay for one they had already been using.
Presumably, if it were for a new membership, the secretary might be happy about potential additional savings they could enjoy, by buying in bulk at the wholesale warehouse club.
Of course, that argument ignores the notion that individuals who shop at those kinds of so-called "big box stores" don't actually save money in the long run, because they end up buying things they don't need.
In any case, Ryan must have felt some embarrassment over the tweet, because they ended up deleting it.
.@SpeakerRyan serious question: the moment you realized you had to delete this god awful tweet did that phony smug smile that's continually stuck to your face go away? Asking for a friend. pic.twitter.com/1vckiQegAB — Josh Charles (@MrJoshCharles) February 3, 2018
Whether you saw an increase in your paycheck this week or not, it's important to note that more money up front doesn't necessarily mean you'll get to keep it, come tax time.
Be aware that right now, it's the effect of changes to individual paycheck withholding amounts that workers are seeing.
While these changes are meant to anticipate what effect the entire code will likely have on a worker's yearly tax liability, that's not guaranteed, because lots of other changes to the tax code also went into effect.
President Donald Trump signed the tax bill into law on December 22. Photo / AP
That means a person's overall tax bill at end of year might be different and lower than it has been in year's past, but it also might stay the same, or even require that money be paid back, if not enough was withheld by that person's employer, throughout the year.
Other tax code changes that will impact that bottom line include that the standard deduction has been doubled, but the personal exemption has been dropped.
"For families with fewer than three dependent kids, that's probably a net gain," Rick Newman said in a column, writing for Yahoo Finance.
"But for larger families it could push up their taxable income and their total tax bill."
I feel like people keep forgetting, because of all the other bad things about him, that Paul Ryan is dumb. — Mark Harris (@MarkHarrisNYC) February 3, 2018
Deductions for state and local taxes are also now capped at $10,000, which is a pretty big change for those in higher income brackets that pay state tax on that income, and for those with high state and local property or school taxes.
These kinds of deductions aren't factored into what your employer automatically withholds from your paycheck.
It's possible these new default withholding amounts may leave some underpaying, with a tax bill to even things out when they file for the 2018 year.
Individuals can still ask their employers to withhold more taxes from each paycheck if they like, if that's a concern for them.
This new tax overhaul passed the Senate with a vote of 51-48, with all yes votes coming from Republicans.
Paul Ryan deleted their embarrassing tweet of a blatant admission because they and Republicans don't want you to know the truth: the #GOPTaxScam is a gift to corporate America and the top 1% at your expense.
They also don't want you to know they got $500.000.00 from the Koch family. pic.twitter.com/ENXxASfAMP — Nancy Pelosi (@TeamPelosi) February 3, 2018
Sen. John McCain of Arizona is the only Senate Republican who did not vote for the bill, because they abstained from voting at all.
Every Senate Democrat voted no.
The bill passed the House with a vote of 227-203, again with all yes votes coming from Republicans.
No votes came from 12 Republicans and 191 Democrats, with two Democrats abstaining from the vote.
Trump signed the tax bill into law on December 22.
Gert became the 7th named storm of 2017 this weekend, and could very well become the season's second hurricane Monday night or Tuesday.
As of Monday afternoon, the system has the look of a healthy and strengthening tropical cyclone off the east coast of the U.S. Thankfully, the storm has already started to make it's expected turn out to sea — and it will continue to push away form the U.S. over the next 48 hours.
Meanwhile, we're also watching an area of low pressure that emerged off of the coast of Africa this weekend. It is tracking quickly westward, and has a medium chance of development over the next 5 days according to the NHC. While there is still plenty of uncertainty with this potential storm, models suggest that this is one that we need to watch closely as we head into next week.
- App users, click here to see the tropical update video
Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
March 29 Private Equity Managers SA (PEM):
* Reported on Tuesday FY revenue ​of 44.1 million zlotys ($11.23 million)versus 80.0​ million zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 14.4 million​ zlotys versus 49.6 million zlotys a year ago
* Plans to pay a dividend for 2016 in the amount of 10 million zlotys
* At the end of 2016 PEM was managing assets of 2.02 billion zlotys and its funds have liquidity scope of around 300 million zlotys and hence the company is ready for further investments
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9267 zlotys)
Village of Lake Orion
PUBLIC NOTICE:
NOMINATING PETITIONS
FOR VILLAGE COUNCIL
Nominating petitions for the Office of Councilman of the Village of Lake Orion are available at the office of the Orion Township Clerk.
Four members of the Lake Orion Village Council are to be elected at the General Election to be held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018. Terms are as follows:
· Three candidates receiving the highest number of votes shall hold office for four years; · One candidate receiving the fourth highest number of votes shall hold office for two years; ELIGIBILITY FOR OFFICE IN THE VILLAGE
Section 4.1 of the Charter of the Village of Lake Orion provides the following:
No person shall be elected or appointed to any office who is in default to the Village or has been convicted of a felony. In addition, to be eligible for elective office individuals must be of legal age and a registered elector in the Village of Lake Orion
Persons desiring to qualify as candidates for nomination for elective office shall file a petition therefore with the Orion Township Clerk, signed by not less than 25 nor more than 50 registered electors of the Village, no later than 4:00 p.m. on July 24, 2018.
Petition forms and additional information may be secured by contacting Penny S. Shults, Orion Township Clerk, at (248) 391-0304, ext. 4001.
Posted: May 29, 2018
Lake Orion Review: Please publish July 4, 11, 18, 2018
Ilir Meta, newly elected President of Albania holds their first speech in the parliament in Tirana, Albania, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/ Florion Goga
Ilir Meta, newly elected President of Albania holds their first speech in the parliament in Tirana, Albania, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Florion Goga
Ilir Meta (C), newly elected President of Albania receives applause in the parliament in Tirana, Albania, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Florion Goga
Ilir Meta (C), newly elected President of Albania receives congrats in the parliament in Tirana, Albania, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Florion Goga
Albania's Prime Minister Edi Rama (L) listens to Ilir Meta, newly elected President of Albania holding speeach in the parliament in Tirana, Albania, April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Florion Goga
TIRANA Albania's Socialist party used its majority in parliament to force through the election of a new president of the Balkan country on Friday, leaving its politics polarised as the opposition maintains a two-month-old boycott.
The new president, Ilir Meta, has twice served briefly as a Socialist prime minister before forming a breakaway party that for the past eight years has alternately played kingmaker to both main parties.
The opposition Democratic Party and its allies accused Prime Minister Edi Rama of being a hypocrite for handing the presidency to a man they once accused of being "the symbol of everything rotten happening in Albania".
Meta, 48, said it was the opposition boycott that prompted them to accept the role. "We should try to find consensus so that Albania does not become like Macedonia," they said referring to protesters' violent storming of parliament in the neighbouring country late on Thursday.
The constitution calls for Albania's president to be elected by parliament with three-fifths of the vote. Meta got the votes of 87 lawmakers, and two against, surpassing the target by two.
The opposition, whose absence from parliament is stalling a reform of the judiciary that would help Albania start accession talks with the European Union, is demanding the formation of a new technocratic government of experts.
It says the current one is corrupt and has rigged recent local elections. Camped out in a tent near the government building, opposition lawmakers are also threatening to protest at a mayoral election in the central town of Kavaje on May 7, and to boycott parliamentary elections on June 18.
Meta and Rama have had an uneasy time governing since they won a landslide victory in June 2013, with Meta's party at times acting as a harsh critic of the government's work.
Analyst Blendi Fevziu said Meta wanted the presidency to try to mould an image as a unifying figure in the divided NATO member state.
"Rama managed to get Meta, their main rival for the premier's job, out of the active political scene for the next five years. They have now only one rival, the Democratic Party leader," Fevziu wrote.
As a deputy premier under former prime minister Sali Berisha, Meta resigned and was cleared of corruption charges by the Supreme Court after one of their own ministers accused them of interfering in a tender and a concession with offers of bribes.
Four Socialist Party supporters were shot and killed by security forces after a protest staged by Rama against Meta's alleged corruption and election violations turned violent in January 2011.
(Reporting by Benet Koleka, Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
When do we get to eat pancakes? What is Shrove Tuesday? How do I make pancakes? So many questions, so here are the answers!
It's almost everyone's favourite guilt food day (apart from Christmas of course), Pancake Day!
Shrove Tuesday is the one day of the year we can all enjoy nutella slathered over a lovely pancake three times a day, or more, if we like and without a shred of guilt.
But when is Pancake Day 2017?
Pancake day (Shrove Tuesday) is on Tuesday 28th February this year and is always the day before Ash Wednesday, which is the first day of lent, each year.
What is Shrove Tuesday?
Shrove Tuesday is always the day immediately the day before Ash Wednesday.
It's date is moveable and is always determined by the date of Easter any given year. The word Shrove comes from to shrive which means to "absolve". It is a day in which Christians from around the world self examine their own behaviours and religious practices before repenting during the season of Lent.
It is also a day that many indulge in the fatty foods that they may have to give up during Lent. That is why it is often called Mardi Gras instead, the French for Fat Tuesday, and more commonly in the UK, Pancake Day.
How to make the perfect pancake
This recipe is by baking goddess, Mary Berry!
INGREDIENTS
125g plain flour
1 egg and 1 yolk
300ml milk
METHOD
Sift all the flour into the bowl making a well in the middle.
Mix together tone egg, one yolk and a little of the milk then pour into the well. Whisk with a little of the flour.
Gradually whisk in half of the remaining milk drawing in the rest of the flour from the edges of the bowl a little at a time.
Stir in the remaining milk, then cover and stand for about 30 minutes.
Heat the frying pan and brush with a little oil.
Ladle two or three tablespoons of batter into the pan and tilt so it spreads evenly.
Cook the pancakes over a medium-high heat until small holes appear in the surface, the underneath is brown and the edge begins to curl.
Loosen the pancake and turn it with a palette knife and cook the other side until golden.
And voila!
Now you can try any crazy topping you like, which do you opt for?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham city council's tower blocks have been refurbished with fire-resistant materials and meet all safety standards the council's housing chief has confirmed.
The statement came in the light of the Grenfell Tower tragedy in which at least 12 people have died and dozens more are injured.
Questions are being asked over the safety standards in the 24 storey tower and it has emerged that residents have been raising concerns for years.
But in Birmingham, where a majority of tower blocks are council owned the council confirmed that they all have up to date formal risk assessments and that regular inspections of fire safety equipment take place.
Director of housing Robert James said: “We are all saddened by the awful scenes in London today. Whilst we would not speculate on the causes of the fire, we would like to reassure all our council tenants that we have a range of safety measures in place at our tower blocks and where refurbishment works have been carried out we have used fire resistant materials.
“In addition we have a team of officers who are accredited fire risk assessors and they administer our fire prevention programmes.”
(Photo: Graham Young)
Councils and landlords across the region are now checking their towers in the light of the London fire.
Dudley Council chief executive Sarah Norman tweeted: “We are taking urgent steps to check safety systems and the advice we give Dudley Council tenants.”
And Sandwell Council, which owns 55 towers, also moved to assure tenants.
Council leader Steve Eling said: “The fire in London is an absolute tragedy and my thoughts are with those killed, injured and who have lost their homes. I want to reassure our residents in Sandwell that we have robust fire safety measures in our properties. All refurbishments that we do are in-line with current fire safety legislation as a minimum.”
“Once investigations are complete and we know the full details of how the fire in Grenfell Tower spread so quickly, we will have a clearer picture of any extra measures we need to put in place to prevent anything similar happening in Sandwell.”
March 28 Renesola Ltd:
* Renesola announces fourth quarter and full year 2016 results
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $900 million to $1.0 billion
* Sees Q1 2017 revenue $130 million to $150 million
* Renesola Ltd - qtrly revenue of $232.1 million was in line with management guidance range of $220 million to $240 million
* Renesola Ltd qtrly loss per ADS was $1.26
* Renesola Ltd qtrly total external module shipments were 330.7 MW, up 72.9% from Q3 2016 and down 11.4% from Q4 2015
* Renesola Ltd qtrly total wafer shipments were 305.9 MW, up 5.3% from Q3 2016 and up 13.2% from Q4 2015
* Renesola Ltd qtrly gross margin declined to 2.1% from 10.1% in Q3 2016 and from 16.0% in Q4 2015
* Renesola Ltd - expect downstream project sales to pick up in Q2 of 2017
* Renesola Ltd - for Q1 2017, company expects external wafer shipments in range of 240MW - 260MW, external module shipments in range of 250MW - 260MW
* Renesola - Renesola UK Ltd has received decision, post-clearance duty demand note from their majesty's revenue and customs (HMRC) of UK government
* Renesola-Decision, post-clearance duty demand note requires renesola to pay add, CVD and value added tax of approximately US$1.7 million in total
* Renesola- add, CVD associated with certain imports of solar panels from Renesola Singapore PTE, Enfield Solar Energy Ltd India between Dec 2013 - Feb 2014
* Renesola-UK customs disagreed with co's declared country of origin of some imports of solar panels from Renesola Singapore PTE, Enfield Solar Energy Ltd India
* Renesola Ltd-co is contesting determination,requested review before HMRC, final review decision of HMRC expected to be announced in April or May 2017
* Renesola - German unit received post-clearance duty demand note from dutch customs
* Renesola Ltd - post-clearance duty demand note to germany subsidiary requires it to pay retrospective add, CVD of approximately US$13.1 million in total
* Renesola Ltd - "vigorously contesting" claims demanded from its units
* Renesola-Dutch customs disagreed with co's declared country of origin of some solar panel imports from various Indian OEM suppliers in late 2013,early 2014 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Shawbrook Group Plc
* Response to firm offer announcement
* Offer price has not changed from proposed terms that were previously rejected by board of Shawbrook on 6 March 2017
* Offer price has not changed from proposed terms that were previously rejected by board of shawbrook on 6 March 2017
* Board has concluded that it is not able to recommend offer
* Notes change in transaction structure from scheme of arrangement to a takeover offer with acceptance condition of 50 percent plus one share
* Board therefore recommends that shareholders reject offer
* Board will in due course be communicating with shareholders to set out its views in more detail
* Board is being advised by BofA Merrill lynch and goldman sachs international in respect of offer
* Lindsey Mcmurray has not been involved in board's consideration of offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It's not unusual for PC enthusiasts and gamers to overlook certain aspects of their setup. You'll drop a couple thousand bucks on a shiny new system but completely overlook other critical aspects like your desk or chair (I know first-hand as I spent many years using high-end systems on a plastic folding desk).
If you find yourself in a similar situation and finally have the motivation (or money) to do something about it, Corsair's new T2 Road Warrior chair might be worth a look.
Offered in a variety of color schemes (black, blue, yellow, white and red trims), the Corsair T2 Road Warrior is officially rated to support up to 300 pounds. It features an aluminum seat base, a steel frame coated in polyurethane foam and five rollerblade-style polyurethane wheels that should roll easily without damaging fragile floors. The leather isn't genuine but at this price point, one wouldn't expect that.
Corsair says the wide seat, tall back and deep seat cushion provide day-long comfort for even the most demanding gaming sessions. The angle of the base can be adjusted, as can the armrests and the back of the seat (recline). A gas-powered lift can raise or lower the seat by 3.3-inches. There's even micro fiber-wrapped neck and lumbar pillows that provide additional support.
Corsair's T2 Road Warrior is available as of writing with prices starting at $349.99 over on Newegg. It looks like you'll need to manually assemble the chair although that shouldn't be too difficult if you follow Corsair's build video.
* Exports in Q1 rise 15.1 pct y/y, the biggest growth since 2011
* Q1 exports to China, U.S. up 22 pct and 7.6 pct, respectively
* March imports +19.8 pct, well above f'cast
* Demand for iPhone 8, Trump trade policy in focus
* Q1 surplus with U.S. $596 million, was $1.12 bln a year earlier (Recasts and adds analyst comments, details)
By Faith Hung and Emily Chan
TAIPEI, April 10 Taiwan's first-quarter exports surged the most in six years on solid demand from China and the United States, and the momentum could continue as suppliers stock components for Apple Inc's coming iPhone 8 and other tech gadgets.
Taiwan is one of Asia's major exporters, especially of components of Apple's iPhone and iPad. The island's export trend is a key gauge of global demand for technology gadgets worldwide.
While the latest trade data is solid, uncertainty about the trade policies of U.S. President Donald Trump remains for Taiwan's export-reliant economy.
It's unclear if Trump will impose a border tax on imports, or if the U.S. Treasury might name the island as a currency manipulator in a report due on April 14. (tmsnrt.rs/2p7aUox)
In the first quarter, Taiwan had a trade surplus of $596 million with the United States, compared with $1.121 billion a year earlier, the ministry said.
Taiwan's exports in January-March rose 15.1 percent from a year earlier, the fastest pace for any quarter since January-March 2011, the Finance Ministry said on Monday.
In March alone, exports climbed 13.2 percent, matching the forecast in a Reuters poll and taking a streak of annual increases to six months.
"March exports benefited from continued stable recovery of the global economy, semiconductor demand staying solid and lower-based prices for oil and basic metals," the ministry said.
Exports in the January-March quarter to the two biggest markets, China and the U.S., were up 22 percent and 7.6 percent, respectively. For March alone, the gains were 16.8 percent and 10.6 percent in March.
Imports in March surged 19.8 percent from a year earlier, well above the poll forecast for 12.3 percent. It was the seventh straight gain for a month, and the biggest since April 2011, the ministry said.
RECOVERY CATCH-UP
"Taiwan has fully caught up with the global economic recovery, so exports should remain solid in H2," said Rick Lo, an economist of Fubon Financial Holding.
"And the upcoming iPhone 8 should help Taiwan run ahead of the competitive pack," they said, adding they expected the central bank to hold its policy rate steady for the second quarter.
Taiwan manufacturing sector's momentum picked up at the end of the first quarter, with output, new orders and employment all rising at faster rates in March than in the previous month, according to survey firm Markit.
The local currency appreciated 6 percent in the first quarter, taking a bite out of exporters' revenue, which will likely prompt the government to revise its 2017 GDP growth forecast slightly downward, some analysts said.
"The government might have to trim down its forecast a little bit," said analyst Lucas Lee of Mega Securities in Taipei. The current forecast stands at 1.92 percent for 2017.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC), the world's top contract chipmaker, said on Monday the stronger-than-expected Taiwan dollar cut into its January-March revenue by T$6 billion.
This would seem to confirm investor concerns that TSMC's earnings will take a hit from forex losses. TSMC is set to report its first-quarter earnings results Thursday. The company said sales were 17.5 percent higher than a year earlier. (Additional reporting by Jeanny Kao and Loh Liang-sa; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Bryce Harper's wife won't be the only Major League significant other with a sweet custom jacket to wear for the playoffs.
Kate Upton, Justin Verlander's fiancee, posted this photo to their Instagram account after the Houston Astros pitcher had a successful Game 1 start in the ALDS:
⭐️❤️ #GoAstros A post shared by Kate Upton (@kateupton) on Oct 6, 2017 at 10:41am PDT
Here's the Harper jacket made for their wife Kayla:
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolverhampton Wanderers' start to the 2017-18 campaign reads quite differently to the one that preceded it.
October 2016, a whole year ago, marked the end of the short reign of Walter Zenga, brought in by Fosun International to replace Kenny Jackett and take the club to the next level.
Fourteen games in, a defeat to Leeds proved to be the final straw for Italian Zenga, who had overseen the arrival of ten new faces.
The Italian was backed by the new board; money was spent on Ivan Cavaleiro, Jon Dadi Bodvarsson, Prince Oniangue, Paul Gladon and Romain Saiss.
It's fair to say those who made their mark and indeed are still at the club are few and far between.
Helder Costa's loan was made permanent, while Saiss and Cavaleiro were the only other successes.
Walter Zenga: P14 W4 D4 L6
League Cup: Round three
Silvio, Andy Lonergan and Bodvarsson all made way this summer as Nuno applied the changes.
Gladon and Duckens Nazon departed on loan, along with a host of youngsters including Dominic Iorfa and Jordan Graham.
Quite simply, not enough made an impact for Zenga and though there were the exciting wins at Birmingham and Newcastle, you never had Wolves down as top of the table challengers.
Whatever you made of the decision to replace Zenga 12 months ago, the appointment of Nuno Espirito Santo and the fresh financial investment of the summer reflects lessons learnt.
There already appears to be a higher calibre to Nuno's recruits; they have been backed by Fosun with the capture of Ruben Neves and the defensive acquisitions of Roderick Miranda and Barry Douglas.
The loans of Ruben Vinagre, Leo Bonatini, Diogo Jota, Willy Boly and Alfred N'Diaye appear inspired, too.
Nuno Espirito Santo: P11 W7 D2 L2
League Cup: Round four - Manchester City (a)
Nuno has displayed a ruthless streak too - the sales of Nouha Dicko and Dave Edwards would have been wrenches for many fans.
It's still early days, of course. There's a hell of a long way to go before May is here and the Championship remains the most unpredictable of divisions that you're likely to come across.
But the early impressions are, as we head into the second quarter of the season, that this Wolves side, under this management, have the ability to stay with the chasing pack and perhaps finish atop it.
It couldn't be said a year ago that that was the case.
April 20 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
The head of High Speed Two told MPs that they and their executives had done no checks and had not monitored a former HS2 chief of staff at the centre of a conflict of interest fiasco with its key contractor on the 55 billion pounds ($70.26 billion)London-Birmingham rail line. bit.ly/2ooHzGc
The Guardian
The government will not delay tackling rising electricity and gas bills that are hurting consumers because of Theresa May's decision to call a surprise general election for June 8, business secretary Greg Clark said. bit.ly/2otvAGu
The government has agreed a 2.3 billion pound sale of the Green Investment Bank to the Australian bank Macquarie, according to sources close to the process. The privatisation of the bank was expected in January but signoff was delayed in the face of stiff political opposition and wrangling over the final price. bit.ly/2ooH535
The Telegraph
Communities secretary Sajid Javid has downplayed concerns that foreign investors are buying up swathes of London property as they promised government reforms to the housing market would continue despite the upcoming general election. bit.ly/2pE4bGA
Warehouse property developer Segro Plc has so far this year signed new leasing deals worth twice as much as the same time last year, showing the demand for industrial property continues to hold up. bit.ly/2oQHtID
Sky News
A former owner of Boots the Chemist is weighing a $6 billion takeover bid for the U.S.-based parent company of Holland & Barrett, the high street health foods chain. KKR & Co is among a small number of potential bidders for NBTY - a vitamins and nutritional supplements manufacturer previously known as Nature's Bounty. bit.ly/2oWWeeO
Workers at three BMW plants in the United Kingdom have started a 24-hour strike over proposed changes to pensions. bit.ly/2pT7WVf
The Independent
Tesco Plc has announced that it is selling its optician business to Vision Express, as it continues to slim down and focus on core operations in its home market. ind.pn/2omeR95
($1 = 0.7828 pounds) (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 5 Genie Energy Ltd-
* Genie Energy Ltd expands loan facility
* Genie Energy Ltd says its genie retail energy division has secured $20.0 million revolving loan facility with vantage commodities financial services, llc
* Genie Energy Ltd says new loan facility has a term of three years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Juntendo Co Ltd:
* Says it will offer an off-floor distribution of 200,000 shares on Tokyo Stock Exchange from April 27 to May 2
* Offering price will be determined based on the closing share price of the day before the distribution
* Says the limitation for purchase the distribution is up to 5,000 shares for each customer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/nQRuiK
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Authors: Steven Lehrer, Associate Professor of Economics, Queen's University, Ontario and Weili Ding, Associate professor, Queen's University, Ontario
Differences among people, such as eye colour or hair colour, come from slight variations in our genetic code. As technology advances, it's getting easier to unlock the secrets in our DNA to gain new insights into who we are and to apply that knowledge to dramatically change our lives and society.
This has led many to get personal reports on their own genetic code in exchange for payment and saliva samples. Excitement over these reports recently jumped after Oprah Winfrey recommended the DNA test by 23andMe on their annual favourite things list.
But the applications of making DNA information more accessible stretch far beyond satisfying our curiosity about who we are and what our genes might say about us.
The availability of genetic data can potentially be tapped to treat medical conditions, leading to personalized health care and wellness regimens, with larger implications for personal, cultural, social and economic change. For example, companies such as Newtopia provide customers with weight-loss plans that are tailored to one's own DNA.
As researchers trained in economics, we study the impact of how genetic and environmental factors influence the development of human capital measures such as education and health. As we learn more about our DNA, the possibilities that arise for policy and the economy as a whole are as numerous as our individual genomes are varied.
DNA data can pose public risk
Beyond private companies, the rapidly declining costs of both gene-sequencing and the technology to store genomic data has the potential to soon transform health-care delivery and policy.
Our recent research considers the potential value from incorporating genetic data in the design of public policy and social science research, as well as the risks.
Decisions about genetic policies involve complex issues about ethics, costs, benefits and individual and societal interests.
Legislation is needed to prevent insurance companies and employers from using the results from genetic tests when making decisions. Canada was the last member of the G7 to introduce protections with the Act to Prohibit and Prevent Genetic Discrimination (formerly Bill S-201) this year — nine years after the United States passed similar legislation.
Since genetic factors may explain individual differences in socioeconomic outcomes, a growing number of social science data sets now involve biological-specimen collection activities that permit measuring genetic factors. Analyses of this data can extend and expand our knowledge on virtually every health condition — and on socioeconomic traits that have a genetic basis.
Environment also plays a role
However, genetic factors are only part of the story and other variables that are well-studied by social scientists –such as environment and lifestyle — also come into play. For example, an emerging body of evidence now indicates that genetic associations with obesity may vary due to different prevailing environmental factors like occupation and even urban design.
These differences in environments, lifestyles and genetic factors have important implications in areas ranging from health behaviours such as obesity and cigarette smoking to skill development and other socio-economic outcomes. Therefore the idea of a one-size-fits-all policy for any health, education or socioeconomic outcome is flawed.
Adopting one-size-fits-all policies assume that the same process can produce a health or socioeconomic outcome for all individuals. However, if and how substantial genetic variations change the way these outcomes develop, opportunities emerge to create more effective treatments and policies.
Within the health-care realm, understanding the genetic basis of specific medical conditions is valuable since it offers the potential to improve treatment decisions.
With this new knowledge, we could replace current health and medical practices and develop new ones to target personalized policies and treatments more efficiently for different individuals.
Heredity expands impact
The intersection of genetics and public policy stretches beyond the health-care sector. Heritability plays a role in nearly every socio-economic and education outcome. Heredity ensures policies that consider the role of genetics will have immediate and long-term implications.
The quality of evidence on the role of genetic factors on socioeconomic traits has increased sharply over the last decade.
With newer molecular DNA data available to empirical researchers, the flood of research findings linking specific genetic factors with individual health and socioeconomic outcomes will only continue to grow.
Yet it remains essential to ensure that these findings are interpreted correctly. Much of the evidence reflects only simple associations between individual genetic factors and socioeconomic outcomes — not causal relationships. And the impact of most genetic factors are often very small in magnitude.
Small effects, big outcomes
Nonetheless, there is often value from these findings. For example, a calculator developed by the Stanford Cancer Institute provides individuals with information on how their chances of survival change in response to different preventive measures taken at different ages.
The calculation is based on several specific differences in genetic markers, and helps educate individuals on the trade-offs they face when choosing among possible treatments.
More generally, the speed at which molecular genetic data can be effectively integrated within policy design is directly tied to improving our understanding how genetic markers operate.
For example, if genetic screening can reliably predict complex learning disorders, the advantages would be huge. Even if a disorder is a function of many genes — each with very small effects — researchers can calculate a single aggregate summary score.
The summary score would measure an individual's risk for a specific disorder or trait, which, in many situations, may take psychologists years to diagnose.
Armed with knowledge of whether their child is at an elevated risk for a learning disorder or other conditions, for example, parents will be able to make different investments in their child years before receiving a formal diagnosis.
Change the conversation fast
These investments may additionally affect how the underlying genes manifest themselves and therefore reduce the risk for future poor outcomes. As knowledge advances, the predictive accuracy of these summary scores will increase.
All of this reinforces the need for policies that consider not only the benefits, but the potential costs, of this newly available genetic data source.
Whether Canadians will fully realize the significant potential benefits from incorporating genetic data in health and social policy design will depend on how fast policies that ensure appropriate safeguards are developed.
If Canada hopes to capitalize on the great potential of DNA data to improve the lives of Canadians, policymakers and stakeholders must determine how to maximize the benefits while minimizing the harm.
Just as it should have regarding the genetic discrimination law, Canada must take quicker action in the future to ensure its citizens benefit from the explosion of DNA data.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/youve-got-your-dna-kit-now-what-can-you- https://theconve
(Adds detail)
PRAGUE, April 13 A group of shareholders in Czech betting company Fortuna has filed an application for an injunction to halt the proposed acquisition of Romanian businesses from Penta Investments, Fortuna's biggest stakeholder.
The group representing 10.5 percent of Fortuna's equity is advised by Templeton Emerging Markets Group, which said shareholders have not received enough information "to assess whether the terms of the proposed acquisition have been conducted at arm's length" and questioned valuations given for the businesses.
Fortuna, whih is active in the Czech, Slovak and Polish markets, had no immediate comment.
It had announced last month that it planned to acquire the companies from its main shareholder Penta, a Czech-Slovak group that has also offered to buy out Fortuna's minority stakeholders at a discount, with plans to de-list the group.
Fortuna has called a shareholder meeting for April 26 to vote on the proposed acquisitions, including Penta companies Bet Active Concept, Bet Zone, Public Slots and Slot Arena.
Shareholders will also vote on a plan to acquire Hattrick Sports Group, which has betting businesses in Romania, Croatia and Spain.
Fortuna shares were down 1 percent at 104 crowns at 0808 GMT. The shares are up about 10 percent in the past 12 months.
(Reporting by Robert Muller; Writing by Jason Hovet; Editing by David Goodman)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
April 6 Wedge Industrial Co Ltd
* Says it signs strategic agreement to buy 35.0 percent stake in new material firm, trading in shares to resume on April 7
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2p4BMFN; bit.ly/2nNMsIF
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 10 The Federal Reserve plans to raise U.S. interest rates gradually so as to sustain healthy growth without letting the economy overheat, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Monday.
"We want to be ahead of the curve and not behind it," Yellen said at an event at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor. Now that years of aggressive monetary policy easing has nursed the economy back to its current "pretty healthy" state, the aim now is to allow "the economy to kind of coast and remain on an even keel," they said.
(Reporting by Ann Saphir and Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BERLIN (Reuters) - The leader of Germany's Social Democrats (SPD) said on Friday there was no time pressure in negotiations with Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives on forming a coalition, suggesting talks will run beyond an initial deadline of Sunday night.
“In a few minutes we will begin the final round of negotiations on forming a new government,” Martin Schulz said as they arrived for talks, adding that labour rights and healthcare policy continued to be sticking points in the negotiations.
They said solid progress had been made in talks and that they assumed the talks would be successful “for our country”.
* Middlesbrough hold Manchester City to 2-2 draw
* Alvaro Negredo put Middlesbrough ahead in the 38th minute
* Sergio Aguero equalised with a 69th-minute penalty
* Marten de Roon was judged to have brought down Leroy Sané
* Calum Chambers restored Boro's lead from a goalmouth melee
* Gabriel Jesus pulled City level again with a late header
* City host Crystal Palace next, Boro visit Chelsea
MIDDLESBROUGH 2 MANCHESTER CITY 2
April 30 Gabriel Jesus headed the decisive equaliser as Manchester City twice came from behind to draw 2-2 away to a Middlesbrough side battling for Premier League survival on Sunday.
Former City striker Alvaro Negredo put Middlesbrough ahead seven minutes before halftime with a shot from the centre of the box that went in off the inside of the post.
Sergio Aguero pulled City level in the 69th with a penalty hotly disputed by Boro after Marten de Roon was ruled to have brought down substitute Leroy Sané.
Eight minutes later Boro went ahead again when Calum Chambers shot high into the net in a goalmouth melee after efforts from Stewart Downing and Negredo were kept out.
But Brazilian teenager Gabriel Jesus, in their first start since returning from an injury layoff, had the last word with a fine header from Aguero's cross five minutes from time to keep City in the Champions League berths. (Reporting by Rex Gowar, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Toronto FC players celebrate a goal by midfielder Victor Vazquez (obscured) in stoppage time against the Seattle Sounders during second-half MLS Cup final soccer action in Toronto, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Led by captain Michael Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Nerds and HBO fans can relax: Those headlines this morning were about the other George Martin. George R.R. Martin, the author of the Game of Thrones anthology, took to his...
An image of Cristiano Ronaldo is seen after the ceremony to rename Funchal airport as Cristiano Ronaldo Airport in Funchal, Portugal. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
A bust of Cristiano Ronaldo is seen before the ceremony to rename Funchal Airport as Cristiano Ronaldo Airport in Funchal, Portugal. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
Cristiano Ronaldo attends the ceremony to rename Funchal airport as Cristiano Ronaldo Airport in Funchal, Portugal. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante
FUNCHAL When the island of Madeira on Wednesday renamed its airport in honor of its hometown hero Cristiano Ronaldo, all eyes were expected to be on the four-time world player of the year who is adored not only for their soccer skills but also their model looks.
But grabbing attention instead was a bronze bust of the player with a toothy grin and bulging eyes that instantly created a laugh on social media because of its debatable likeness.
"I defy you not to feel better after viewing this picture of Cristiano Ronaldo alongside their portrait bust," wrote one Twitter user, Tom Sutcliffe (@tds153).
"That hideous Ronaldo statue is going to be a meme in 5,4,3...," posted @Agave310.
Another Twitter user deemed the statue "the most gloriously awful bust" of Ronaldo.
The 32-year-old Real Madrid player's girlfriend, Georgina Rodriguez, and their mother, Maria, both attended the renaming ceremony of Portugal's Aeroporto da Madeira, now known as Cristiano Ronaldo Airport.
The newly revealed statue holds the distinction of being the second bust of the soccer star and occasional model that has been the subject of online ridicule.
Another statue, also in Ronaldo's hometown, was picked apart for what some saw as glaring obscurities and differences in likeness between the player and their bronzed counter-part.
"For a very handsome man, Ronaldo has had some appalling luck with statue-makers," quipped Twitter user Tom Williams(@tomwfootball), posting images of the two statues side by side.
On Tuesday, Portugal played their first match on the island in 16 years, the hosts losing 3-2 to Sweden despite an early Ronaldo goal.
(Reporting by Melissa Fares in New York; Editing by Ed Osmond and Leslie Adler)
NEW YORK, April 10 Thomas Mullarkey, a loan salesperson at Credit Suisse, has left the bank, according to sources.
Mullarkey, who was a managing director, worked at the bank for about 24 years, according to BrokerCheck. They informed contacts they were leaving in an e-mail last week.
A Credit Suisse spokesperson declined to comment. Mullarkey did not return an e-mail or a message left on their cell phone. (Reporting by Kristen Haunss; Editing by Jon Methven)
DUBAI, April 5 Qatar's Masraf Al Rayan said on Wednesday that a committee had been formed to manage the merger of the bank with Barwa Bank IPO-BABK.QA and International Bank of Qatar.
The committee of the three banks' administrations would oversee the merger process according to a preliminary timetable approved by the board of directors, it said in a statement.
Masraf Al Rayan's chairperson Hussain Ali al-Abdulla said on Monday that the merger would take six months to complete and that the Islamic lender had appointed KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers as merger advisers, along with law firm Allen & Overy as legal adviser. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh; Writing by Tom Arnold)
April 5 Allied Minds Plc
* Will undertake a restructuring, reallocating capital and management resources across portfolio and pipeline
* Restructuring will result in discontinued funding for 7 subsidiaries
* A process will be undertaken to seek strategic alternatives for these businesses, which could include sales or transfers of legal entities or assets, or liquidations
* Discontinuation of funding at these subsidiaries will free up approximately $14 million of capital spend budgeted for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By London Bureau)
In less than ten minutes, Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer showed more political courage than the entire Republican Party by laying blame for white supremacist domestic terror attack in their city on Donald Trump's courtship of racism during their presidential campaign.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
April 12 Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Aerie Pharmaceuticals reports positive rocket 4 six-month topline safety and efficacy results for rhopressatm (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02pct
* Aerie Pharmaceuticals -most common rhopressa adverse event was hyperemia, which was reported in about 48 percent of patients, 75 percent of which was mild
* Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc says 12-month safety data from mercury 1 are expected in Q3 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Feb 2(Reuters) - CAICA Inc
* Says it signs a new business and capital alliance contract with Terilogy Co Ltd, on Feb. 2
* Says it acquired 4.9 percent voting power in Terilogy on Jan. 26
* Says two entities will collaborate on joint development of virtual currency related security products
* Says previous business alliance was announced on Jan. 17, 2017
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/M9xZJC
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Join us here for live updates of today's Hamilton sevens from Waikato Stadium.
This weekend's inaugural two-day event is once again sold out, with 24,000 expected to flock to Waikato Stadium on Saturday and Sunday. Organisers are promising to treat people as adults, and long may that last.
Whether or not Hamilton sustains the surge in appeal that comes with a new event remains to be seen. But for now the buzz is back around the sevens, and that's flowed through to the New Zealand team.
"It's massively exciting for us as a team to come to a home tournament that's sold out," Scott Curry said.
Advertisement
"I've been to the Wellington tournament in its heyday in the crowd and it was always an awesome atmosphere and supporting the New Zealand team was always a highlight so to be on the other side of the fence playing the game will be a real buzz."
Natrually expectations of success at home will be high. New Zealand won nine of 18 tournaments in Wellington, featuring in two further finals.
"I don't know if there's any added expectation we always demand high standards of ourselves and each other to win every tournament we go to. It's no different here in Hamilton… there's just a bit more added excitement. To be able to have the family and friends in the crowd brings a little bit extra as well so the boys are really looking forward to it."
Much like the event itself, the New Zealand team has undergone major changes under new Scottish coach Clark Laidlaw, building around getting into game early with contact and developing continuity before chasing flair and offloads.
Last week the team disappointed with a fifth place finish after being knocked out in the quarterfinals by hosts Australia but sit second overall after defeat in the final in Dubai and victory in Cape Town, their first tournament win in 15 attempts.
With the Commonwealth Games and World Cup to come this year, performances this weekend will go a long way to deciding who makes the cut for those pinnacle events.
"It feels like a completely different team; a lot more professional. We probably work a lot harder off the field in terms of our game and opposition and on the field the boys are getting their best fitness tests scores after coming back from the Christmas break. Things like that are really encouraging for what's to come this year.
"We didn't expect to get results like that so fast, and we understand it's not always going to be like that. We need to understand we need to be there every single game or teams will punish you. There are no real minnow teams anymore and you can't take anyone lightly."
NZ squad:
Scott Curry (co-captain), Tim Mikkelson (co-captain), Teddy Stanaway, Joe Ravouvou, Luke Masirewa, Vilimoni Koroi, Sam Dickson, Caleb Clarke, Regan Ware, Etene Nanai-Seturo, Joe Webber Sione Molia
Saturday 3 February
1.20pm v France
4.46pm v Scotland
8.34pm v Argentina
April 6 Arconic Inc
* Arconic announces divestiture of its Fusina, Italy Rolling Mill
* Arconic- expects to record restructuring-related charges representing loss on sale of about $60 million after tax, or $0.12 per diluted share
* Arconic - charges primarily relate to non-cash impairment of net book value of business, injection of $10 million in cash into business prior to its sale
* Arconic Inc - restructuring-related charges of $60 million to be recorded in statement of consolidated operations for q1 of 2017
* Arconic Inc - global rolled products' has increased its adjusted ebitda margin by 890 basis points - from 3 percent in 2008 to 11.9 percent in 2016
* Arconic inc - announced divestiture of its Fusina, Italy rolling mill to Slim Aluminium Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Xiamen Comfort Science and Technology Group Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 600 percent to 787 percent, or to be 15 million yuan to 19 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 2.1 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/fWWbSl
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Seattle Sounders 1 Sporting Kansas City 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Toronto FC 23 12 8 3 42 23 44 2 Chicago Fire 22 12 5 5 44 25 41 3 New York City FC 23 12 4 7 43 33 40 4 New York Red Bulls 22 11 2 9 34 29 35 5 Atlanta United FC 22 10 5 7 42 29 35 6 Columbus Crew 24 10 2 12 34 39 32 7 Orlando City SC 23 8 6 9 24 33 30 8 Philadelphia Union 23 8 5 10 32 28 29 9 Montreal Impact 21 7 6 8 32 37 27 10 New England Revolution 22 7 5 10 37 38 26 11 DC United 23 5 4 14 19 43 19 Western Conference 1 Seattle Sounders 24 10 7 7 37 31 37 2 Sporting Kansas City 24 9 10 5 29 19 37 3 Houston Dynamo 23 9 7 7 39 32 34 4 FC Dallas 21 9 7 5 33 26 34 5 Portland Timbers 24 9 7 8 42 39 34 6 San Jose Earthquakes 23 9 5 9 26 35 32 7 Vancouver Whitecaps 21 9 4 8 32 31 31 8 Real Salt Lake 24 7 5 12 30 44 26 9 LA Galaxy 22 6 5 11 32 40 23 10 Minnesota United FC 23 6 4 13 29 49 22 11 Colorado Rapids 21 6 3 12 22 31 21 Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, August 12 Toronto FC v Portland Timbers (2200) DC United v Real Salt Lake (2300) Columbus Crew v Chicago Fire (2330) New York Red Bulls v Orlando City SC (2330) Sunday, August 13 FC Dallas v Colorado Rapids (0000) New England Revolution v Vancouver Whitecaps (0000) Philadelphia Union v Montreal Impact (0000) Houston Dynamo v San Jose Earthquakes (0100) LA Galaxy v New York City FC (0300)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Daily Mail & General Trust (DMGOa.L) (DMGT) said on Thursday it has appointed Tim Collier as group chief financial officer, filling the post vacated by Stephen Daintith, who left the group to join Rolls-Royce (RR.L).
Collier, who joins from news and information company Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI.N) (TRI.TO), takes up their new post on May 2, the publisher said.
Collier held the post of CFO at Thomson Reuters' Financial and Risk unit, the company said.
Collier joins the group at a time when it needs to extract more revenue from online as advertising sales from the Daily Mail newspaper shrink fast.
However, its celebrity-focused websites, DailyMail.com and MailOnline, are among the most popular in the English language.
Last year, it named Paul Zwillenberg, a digital media specialist, as its chief executive, bringing in an outsider to try and drive up revenues from its popular websites.
To slim down its sprawling range of businesses, the company has reduced its stake in Euromoney (ERM.L), a separate business information company, from around 67 percent to around 49 percent.
In January DMGT cut its revenue forecast for its data and analysis business which serves the property, education and energy sectors, to mid single-digit growth from a previous forecast of high single-digit growth, as business in the first quarter was adversely affected by reduced levels of activity in the UK property market.
Shares in the company were down 0.9 percent at 705.50 pence by 0826 GMT, when the Stoxx Europe 600 media sector index <0#.SXMP> was down 1.4 percent.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
by Vijaya Laxmi Tripura
While intelligence and law enforcing agencies are keeping eyes on Qawmi (Koranic) madrassas and cadet madrassas, radicalisation of Muslim male and female are continuing in the Muslim and non-Muslim nations by the Tablighi Jamaat. Although Tablighis pretend to be ‘enlightening' Muslims on the message of Koran and Hadith, they in fact put much emphasis on encouraging non-Muslims in embracing Islam.
Under the ‘dawah' or call (to Islam) agenda, Tablighi Jamaat gives an impression to its targets that every religion but Islam are null and void.
During recent years, radical Islamic terrorists and radicalised Muslims have melted into Tablighi Jamaat as Tablighis aren't yet under the radar of law enforcers.
According to a research paper by internationally known anti-militancy journalist Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury, there are over eight million Muslims around the world who are connected to Tablighi Jamaat.
They said, Tablighi Jamaat's activities are spreading fast and it already had penetrated into Russia, east-European nations, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Cambodia, Singapore, Taiwan, Philippines, Vietnam, and China.
“In Canada, United States, Britain and Australia, Tablighi Jamaat's activities are continuing through mosques, community mosques, community centers are residences of Muslims”, Shoaib Choudhury wrote.
“One of the key goals of Tablighi Jamaat is encouraging non-Muslims in embracing Islam, and to attain this goal, demonising every religion and holy scriptures except Islam and Koran is one of the key tools, which Tablighis randomly apply” they added.
In Bangladesh, activities of the Tablighi Jamaat are spreading very fast. Mostly un-educated or less educated people become follower or activists of this group. Some of the followers of Tablighi Jamaat get such heavily motivated and radicalised that they not only start hating the non-Muslims but even their fellow Muslims who follow either the moderate path of Islam or embrace sufism.
In the Southern part of the country, influence of Tablighi Jamaat are increasing at an alarming pace. Female followers of the Tablighi Jamaat turn extremely radicalised. They not only cover themselves behind burqas but few of them even get motivated in turning into ‘mujaheedins' (jihadists) or lone wolves.
Many of the Tablighi followers get themselves detached from their family members for the cause of joining jihad.
Comments
comments
CAIRO (Reuters) - An Italian tourist has been detained in the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Marsa Alam on suspicion of killing a supervisor on a hotel building site, judicial sources said.
The supervising engineer died after becoming involved in a brawl on Thursday when they warned the tourist not to enter a restricted area, the sources said.
The Tourism Ministry said on Friday that the Italian, Ivan Pascal Moro, had admitted causing the man's death.
The suspect was remanded in custody on Saturday for another week, the sources said.
An Egyptian tourism official based in Italy was travelling to Marsa Alam to take charge of the children, aged 6 and 15, and bring them back to Italy. The children were present at the time of the incident and had since been in the care of a hotel employee, the ministry said.
BRATISLAVA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Slovakia's defence ministry said on Friday it was in talks to purchase either American F-16s or Swedish Gripen fighter jets to replace its ageing Russian-made MiG-29s.
The ministry said it would submit an analysis of the two options by June 29 for government approval. (Reporting by Tatiana Jancarikova; Editing by Peter Graff)
Britain Football Soccer - Tottenham Hotspur v Arsenal - Premier League - White Hart Lane - 30/4/17 Tottenham's Dele Alli celebrates after the match with Hugo Lloris Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
LONDON Tottenham Hotspur beat local rivals Arsenal with second-half goals from prolific pair Dele Alli and Harry Kane on Sunday to maintain their Premier league title challenge.
A deserved victory kept them four points behind leaders Chelsea, who won 3-0 at Everton earlier.
Alli put Spurs ahead in the 56th minute when they followed up after Christian Eriksen's shot was saved. Two minutes later Kane went down in the penalty area under Gabriel's challenge and got up to convert the penalty.
Tottenham's victory in Arsene Wenger's 50th North London derby as Arsenal manager ensured Spurs will finish above their neighbours for the first time in 22 years.
It was their ninth successive league win and the margin would have been greater but for some fine saves by Petr Cech.
A disappointing Arsenal were restricted to a single chance in the first half when Aaron Ramsey brought a good low save from Hugo Lloris shortly before halftime.
Spurs in contrast were guilty of two bad misses. Midway through the half Kane's effort was deflected to the far post where Alli could only head wide.
Three minutes later Eriksen clipped the bar as another deflection reached them just a few metres out.
Cech was much the busier goalkeeper, making saves either side of the interval from Jan Vertonghen and then Victor Wanyama.
They then kept out a close-range effort from Eriksen but could not prevent Alli driving in the opening goal.
In the next attack Kane won and converted the penalty to leave Arsenal wilting.
The visitors exerted some late pressure but never looked like threatening Mauricio Pochettino's side and remain in danger of missing out on a Champions League place for the first time under Wenger.
(Reporting by Steve Tongue; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Remains of murdered man found in Santa Margarita
May 30, 2018
Sheriff deputies found the remains of a 38-year-old missing man in rural Santa Margarita after receiving a tip that their body was 4100 blocks of Stagecoach Canyon Road. [Cal Coast Times]
Jared Jay Walters, 38, was reported missing to the Atascadero Police Department on Feb. 26, 2016. The San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office now says Walters was murdered, and authorities have launched a homicide investigation.
Since Walters was first reported missing, rumors that they had been murdered in a biker dispute and that their body had been stashed in Santa Margarita spread throughout the rural community.
In 2016, sheriff's detectives twice searched a home in the 2200 block of I Street in Santa Margarita looking for evidence relating to Walters' disappearance. More recently, detectives received information that Walters' remains were located in the 4100 block of Stagecoach Canyon Road in rural Santa Margarita.
On March 6, the Sheriff's Office Special Enforcement Detail served a search warrant at the rural Santa Margarita location with help from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office Special Enforcement Team. The search of the property spanned two days and also involved the SLO County District Attorney's Office, FBI Evidence Response Team, CHP Air Operations, San Luis Obispo Auto Theft Task Force and the Morro Bay Police Department.
During the search, investigators recovered human remains. The Department of Justice then used DNA testing to confirm the remains were those of Walters.
On their Facebook page, Walters says they are from Paso Robles. Detectives list them as a transient. Waters has not posted on their Facebook page since Oct. 21, 2015.
Officials have not released any information about potential suspects. Investigators request that anyone has information related to the murder of Walters contact the Sheriff's Office Detective Division at (805) 781-4500 or anonymously call Crime Stoppers at 549-STOP.
Loading...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, March 29 Royal Dutch Shell plans to restart operations at its Pearl gas-to-liquids (GTL) plant in Qatar in April after maintenance last month and expects to reach full production capacity by June, a Qatar Petroleum (QP) official said.
"We are aiming for a restart by mid-April and to get back to full capacity again by the end of June," the QP official told Reuters, declining to be named because the matter is not public.
Shell said in December the Qatar's Pearl GTL plant in Ras Laffan - one of the world's largest - was operating at a reduced rate of production due to unforeseen maintenance, and in February that the plant was being shut down and could take a couple of months to bring back..
A Shell spokesperson in Qatar did not immediately respond to a request for comment. (Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Rania El Gamal)
The idea of making Indian cities utopian is like dream come true for the citizens. However, reaching that particular objective requires manifold levels of planning, on-ground implementation, involvement and regular upkeep by all the stakeholders involved. With Bengaluru's population set to double to 18.9 million and the vehicular population to triple in next 15 years, Bengaluru is in dire need of a solution. One of the small initiatives towards Bengaluru's utopian dream is the Transit Oriented Development (TOD) Policy, which has been incorporated in the Bengaluru Revised Master Plan (RMP) 2031, and is out for public scrutiny. TOD integrates the concept of walk- to-work or increased pedestrianization, last mile connectivity with high densities in a radius of 500-800m around transit stations/terminals/corridors.
Cities like Montreal, San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto, Paris, and Hong Kong have largely benefitted from this kind of urban development. A densely populated city, like Hong Kong, has minimum car ownership ratio and public transport is the most preferred way of commuting. Earlier, in Hong Kong, the railway system was not built until the area was well-developed. However, recently, they have opted for the TOD model in areas like Union Square and Olympian City, where a railway system has been built simultaneously with residential development above or nearby. In the Indian context, TOD has been implemented in Ahmedabad, Bhopal and Naya Raipur, of which Ahmedabad is one good example.
“Urban centers are complex systems with multiple layers of transportation, utilities, real estate and communities intricately interwoven together. TOD works on the principle that we build compact cities to maximize ridership by ensuring there is a dense catchment next to the stations and people are encouraged to use the system. The recently released RMP 2031 has one paragraph reference to TOD, which is like a tick in the box that achieves little. The need of the hour is that all stakeholders should come together and work with the government to formulate a policy in order to develop not just a smart city but also a livable city; irrespective of its ‘TODness' quotient. And importantly, one that can be implemented” says Amit Oberoi, National Director, Knowledge Systems, Colliers International India.
RMP 2031, notifies 150m radius around metro stations/terminals as TOD influence zones, where an FSI of 4 is permissible. The TOD is proposed only in Zone B that includes areas outside the Outer Ring Road (ORR) to the conurbation area. Although, it does not include Zone A, which is the developed area of Bengaluru, and is struggling with basic infrastructure needs. As per Colliers Research, implementing TOD in the developing areas may be the right approach as it is easy to do so. Also, ORR and Whitefield contribute 78% of Grade A office stock of Bengaluru, which will further help the commercial market to boost. However, the influence zone of 150m seems to be very minuscule and may not deliver the desired output.
According to Colliers Research, there is not just one way of moving forward to achieve the utopian goal. Permutation combination of many concepts should be implemented along with complete involvement of the stakeholders from government bodies to private players.
To expedite the implementation of the policy, we believe various solutions can be incorporated. Some of them include:
 To implement TOD; smaller pockets with similar characteristics could be identified and a detailed plan of action can be prepared and implemented at the same time integrating with the city's infrastructure development
 More town pooling tools such as land pooling or town planning schemes can be incorporated in the developing zones where vacant land parcels are available to avoid the haphazard development which is the notable type of development in Bengaluru
 Developers could be encouraged to develop 200-300m around their projects, such as pedestrian footpaths, road repairs, etc. in sync with government bodies in order to relieve the pressure on government bodies
 The government can identify and invest in developing probable catchment areas in the state. This would relieve the pressure out of Bengaluru
 Common card systems should be introduced that can be used in metro, bus as well as taxi. This will increase the ease of travel
TOD and mixed-use development are inherent characteristics in Indian cities. Instead of dreaming for a utopian concept based upon international cases, concerned stakeholders should operate with the tools in hand to come up with innovative ideas best suited in the Indian context.
