BRIEF- Showcase- TV to buy GALAXY for 140 mln yen
* Says it will acquire 100 percent stake in GALAXY Inc, which is engaged in on-demand publishing business and media business, for 140 million yen
The absence of Town's leading scorer Danny Hylton hasn't put the rest of the side under extra pressure, according to strike partner James Collins.
With 17 goals to their name this term, Hylton is the club's top marksman, but injured their hamstring against Morecambe and remains a doubt for Saturday's home clash with Exeter.
However, Collins believes Luton have the resources to cope, saying: “Missing Danny is a massive miss as what they bring to the team, their goals, their work-rate, their enthusiasm, but that's why we've got a squad.
“Hopefully he's not out for too long as the sooner he's back, the more chance we've got of getting this promotion push started.”
Collins was on target with their 13th of the season at Grimsby last weekend, popping up with three minutes of the second half gone to nod home once Luke Berry's excellent free kick had been brilliantly tipped on to the bar by home keeper Ben Killip.
Although Dan Potts made sure by bundling the all into the net, it was clearly Collins' goal, as they said: “I didn't have my best afternoon as a performance, but like they (Nathan Jones) said to me after the game, ‘you were average but you got us the win and that's what you're here for'.
“So I think there's a little compliment in there somewhere, but as a striker, to score the winner, in front of the away fans and to win 1-0, there are not many better feelings.
“I just made sure I stayed onside and as soon as it Bezza hits it, it's in.
“Then the lad's tipped it on the bar, I've had a long time to think about it and just made sure I've got a good connection on it and then it's way over the line.
“Pottsy's (Dan Potts) kicked it, they always try to nick my goals, but a great feeling.
“Especially when you go down to 10 men as you know you're going to have limited chances and you're not going to have the ball as much.
“Playing against three big centre halves who have all played a good level, it wasn't my best performance, but I've nicked a goal so I'm buzzing.”
When asked about their match-winner, boss Nathan Jones said: “It was a wonderful save from the keeper.
“He had no right to do that as it was one of those perfect ones, it's gone over the wall at the trajectory and pace, you think that's in.
“Then he's tipped it on to the bar, he's not got enough on it and Collo's there.
“We said to Collo at half time, he's been poor Collo, really, really poor in terms of leading the line, but we said ‘you'll get one chance and that's why you're here, that's why we brought you here'.
“He got it and they scored and we've won the game.”
Returning skipper Alan Sheehan was quick to praise Town's goalscorer for being in the right place at the right time, saying: “It was a brilliant free kick and I'm delighted for Collo.
“It was hard up there for them on their own at times and they've a few big centre backs, but they stuck in there.
“That's why he's here, to score goals and what a priceless three points that could be.”
Although as Collins stated, they didn't necessarily have their finest display in a Luton shirt this season, they played their part in the superb defensive display, as the Hatters kept out Grimsby with 10 men for over an hour.
They continued: “You never work on going down to 10 men in any game, as you don't expect to go down to 10 men.
“But I think with the experience we've got in the side and the information coming from the side, you just adjust, let them have the ball and then press them in the right areas and I thought we did that brilliantly.
“When they're throwing the ball in the box and they're shooting from all angles, it's just one of those things you have to do.
“That's why it's all worth it when you're on the journey home with three points.
“We dug in for each other, we defended well, we worked hard and I still think we deserved the win even though we had 10 men.
“We had to dig in deep, we got away with a couple little bits of fortune, but if you work hard, you deserve that luck.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
(Reuters Health) - - In 1997, when Nightlight Christian Adoptions realized that thousands of human embryos were being stored in fertility clinics, the group began to connect couples who produced the embryos with couples who could not conceive.
The pairings bore more than 500 babies, and a few of those children have met the women and men whose genetic material they carry. This summer, Snowflakes, Nightlight's embryo-matching offshoot, will mark its 20th anniversary at a picnic celebration with embryo providers, recipients and their children.
In a new study, British researchers got a sneak peak at what members of these ultramodern families might experience when they meet in person for the first time.
The researchers spoke by email with 17 embryo providers, mostly women had had leftover embryos following in vitro fertilization, and 28 recipients who had 43 children, about their unfolding relationships.
The report in Human Reproduction explores what the study participants view as the advantages and disadvantages of communicating openly with one another.
“Some of them created these amazing families. Then, of course, these are like all human relationships, some you maintain and flourish, and others don't,” said lead author Lucy Frith, a bioethicist at the University of Liverpool in England.
Frith and their colleagues found that embryo providers and recipients who were in touch with one another and their children generally perceived the contact as positive.
“The contact helped alleviate their potential misgivings,” Frith said in a phone interview.
“Different families will want to approach it in different ways,” they said. “It's part of the evolution of seeing reproductive technologies of creating families and families having biographies, rather than just a medical technique.”
The biggest challenges for couples on both sides of the experience concerned fears about maintaining boundaries and overcoming the challenges of geographic distance, the study found. Concerns about who would act as the parents turned out to be more imagined than real.
“Everyone saw the recipients as the parents,” Frith said. “The recipients were the parents, and the donors were involved as the recipients wanted them to be involved.”
The embryo providers were more like distant relatives, extended family they see at most a few times a year, they said.
“The only negative I can think of is imaginary, at this point at least, and that is a worry over being scrutinized or criticized by the genetic parent,” a recipient mother wrote.
One study participant wrote of the child born of the embryo they provided: “We plan to be a part of their life forever. Not knowing leaves too much for the mind to ponder.”
A recipient mother who was initially reluctant to be in touch with the provider couple described their relationship “a huge blessing.”
“Not only were we given our daughter, but a whole family too, two families actually, or one big family!” they wrote.
The Snowflakes program calls the process of matching providers with recipients “embryo adoption,” but an ethics committee of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine describes the term as “misleading” because it confers full legal status onto an embryo. The committee instead uses the term “embryo donation.”
Snowflake encourages its program participants to keep the lines of communication open with any children born from its matches.
All of its participants agreed to create the opportunity for their children to be able to initiate contact when they were older and if they so desired. Thirty of the children in the study were 5 years old or younger, 12 were 6 to 11 years old, and one was 12 to 17.
Lauri Pasch, a psychologist at the University of California, San Francisco Center for Reproductive Health, commended the Snowflakes program for its emphasis on fostering open communication between children and their biological parents. But Pasch, who was not involved in the study, said they view the service as discriminatory because it only places embryos with married, heterosexual couples.
Still Pasch welcomed the findings that contact between the families was neutral to very positive. “And the challenges they're facing are relatively small and manageable, and that's good news, comforting to another family that's thinking about doing this,” they said in a phone interview.
“Very clearly someone should not donate their embryos if they never want to have contact with the child that's born from them,” they said. “If in the future the child wants to have contact, it's going to be difficult for the child if it's not an option.”
The vast majority of Snowflakes participants communicate with one another, but less than 10 percent have met in person to date, said Kimberly Tyson, a spokesperson for the group.
Snowflake charges an $8,000 agency fee, Tyson said. In 2011, they counted 620,000 embryos left over from in vitro fertilization in storage in the U.S.
Embryo donation for family building was first reported in 1983, the authors write.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nQ82iF Human Reproduction, online March 8, 2017.
April 10 Rosdorbank
* Recommends dividend of 0.10 rouble ($0.0017) per share for preferred shares, no dividend for ordinary shares for 2016
* Recommends dividend of 4.83 roubles per share for ordinary shares for Q1 2017 Source text: bit.ly/2oXrD1f Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.1936 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
DUBAI Abu Dhabi's state-owned Etihad Airways said on Tuesday that it was no longer willing to invest in Alitalia after the Italian carrier's board asked to be put under special administration.
Without support for restructuring, "we are not prepared to continue to invest," Etihad's president James Hogan said in an emailed statement. "We therefore support the necessary decision of the Alitalia Board to apply for extraordinary administration."
Etihad took a 49 percent stake in Alitalia in 2014, promising to turn around the troubled airline with a 1.76 billion euro ($1.92 billion) investment that included other shareholders.
(Reporting by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai and Stanley Carvalho in Abu Dhabi; Editing by Andrew Torchia)
May 2 Avangardco Investments Public Ltd
* Says April 2017 interest payment will not be paid on May 2, 2017 as Avangardco, UkrLandFarming are engaged in discussions with bondholders regarding a proposal in respect of its $200 million notes 2018
* Says it is possible that the Proposal will include a request by Avangardco to restructure the April 2017 interest payment due under the notes
* Says it will instead make use of the 14 day grace period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the third and final One Day International between Afghanistan and Ireland on Sunday in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates Afghanistan won toss and decided to bat Afghanistan: Javed Ahmadi, Noor Ali Zadran, Shafiqullah Shafiq, Mohammad Nabi, Nasir Jamal, Rashid Khan, Gulbadin Naib, Rahmat Shah, Mujeeb Zadran, Shapoor Zadran, Asghar Stanikzai (capt) Ireland: William Porterfield (capt), Paul Stirling, Andy Balbirnie, Niall O'Brien, Gary Wilson, Kevin O'Brien, Stuart Poynter, George Dockrell, Barry McCarthy, Tim Murtagh, Boyd Rankin Referees: Izatullah Safi (Umpire), Ruchira Palliyaguruge (Umpire), Javagal Srinath (Match referee)
April 10 OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* OncoMed phase 2 demcizumab pancreatic cancer trial misses primary endpoint
* OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc says trial did not meet primary endpoint of progression-free survival
* OncoMed Pharma -interim median overall survival analysis did not show benefit for demcizumab in combination with abraxane plus gemcitabine versus abraxane
* OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc says safety data seen in yosemite trial were generally consistent and in line with expectations
* OncoMed Pharma -based on lack of benefit over standard-of-care, co will be discontinuing Yosemite clinical trial of demcizumab
* OncoMed Pharma - will also discontinue any additional enrollment in other ongoing demcizumab trials, conduct analyses of data from those trials as planned
* OncoMed Pharma - remains focused on completing, analyzing results of 2 randomized phase 2 clinical trials, pinnacle, denali, are anticipated in h1 of this year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pembury Lifestyle Group:
* ‍ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH FINCH HAVEN RETIREMENT PROPRIETARY LIMITED TO ACQUIRE A PROPERTY IN FAIRLAND, FOR R16 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A researcher, seen through a window, prepares DNA in a laboratory at the Bioaster Technology Research Institute in Lyon, France, October 31, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Pratta/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A DNA double helix is seen in an undated artist's illustration released by the National Human Genome Research Institute to Reuters on May 15, 2012. REUTERS/National Human Genome Research Institute/Handout/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A robotic DNA sample automation machine works on DNA samples at a Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. laboratory at the biotechnology company's headquarters in Tarrytown, New York, U.S., March 24, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo
LONDON Scientists are getting closer to building life from scratch and technology pioneers are taking notice, with record sums moving into a field that could deliver novel drugs, materials, chemicals and even perfumes.
Despite ethical and safety concerns, investors are attracted by synthetic biology's wide market potential and the plummeting cost of DNA synthesis, which is industrialising the writing of the genetic code that determines how organisms function.
While existing biotechnology is already used to make medicines like insulin and genetically modified crops, synthesizing whole genes or genomes gives an opportunity for far more extensive changes.
Matt Ocko, a Silicon Valley venture capitalist whose past investments include Facebook, Uber [UBER.UL] and Zynga, believes the emerging industry has passed the "epiphany" moment needed to prove it can deliver economic value.
"Synthetic biology companies are now becoming more like the disruptive, industrial-scale value propositions that define any technology business," they said.
"The things that sustain and accelerate this industry are today more effective, lower cost, more precise and more repeatable. That makes it easier to extract disruptive value."
Ocko, whose Data Collective firm has invested in companies including organism design firm Gingko Bioworks and bioengineer Zymergen, is not alone.
Other tech veterans backing the new wave of "synbio" start-ups include Jerry Yang, Marc Andreessen, Peter Thiel and Eric Schmidt, famous for their roles at Yahoo, Netscape, PayPal and Google respectively.
UNCERTAINTIES REMAIN
Experts meeting in London this week said the science toolkit was improving fast and the cost of synthesising DNA was now 100 times cheaper than in 2003, although uncertainties remain about regulation and the public's appetite for tinkering with life.
The global conference hosted by Imperial College London, bringing together scientists and money people, comes four weeks after researchers announced they were close to building a complete artificial genome for baker's yeast.
This ambitious project has brought complex artificial life a big step closer because yeast is a eukaryote, an organism whose cells contain a nucleus, just like human cells.
The yeast work shows how DNA can be manipulated on a large scale, with genetic code increasingly treated like a programming language in which binary 1s and 0s are replaced by DNA's four chemical building blocks, abbreviated as A, T, G, C.
A growing emphasis on computing is closing the gap between biology and traditional tech, even though this is an area that remains unpredictable, variable and complex.
"The intersection of biology and technology is a difficult place to be because of different cultures and languages, but I think we are breaking through some of those barriers," said Thomas Bostick, former head of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers who now leads biotech firm Intrexon's environment unit.
The idea that engineering life can be broken down into data and coding is part of the appeal for tech investors.
"DNA is seen as the next programmable matter and that is what a lot of the Silicon Valley investors are excited about," said John Cumbers, founder of synthetic biology network SynBioBeta.
"They've witnessed the power of software over the last 25 years and they are looking for the next big thing."
Data from SynBioBeta shows a record $1.21 billion was invested in the sector worldwide in 2016, a threefold increase from five years earlier, while the number of firms in the sector has almost doubled to 411. For a graphic see tmsnrt.rs/2n3VYuO
A range of companies are springing up, from those producing new chemicals for industry to providers of DNA synthesis and related software, like U.S.-based Twist Bioscience and Britain's Synthace.
Work is also advancing by leaps and bounds in the complementary area of gene editing now being embraced by many of the world's top drugmakers.
CHANGE OF TACK
The current product focus represents a change of tack from the first widely tipped application of synthetic biology in making biofuels from engineered algae.
In the event, algal biofuel proved a lot harder to scale up than expected and a tumbling oil price during the Great Recession of the late 2000s undercut the business model.
Drew Endy of Stanford University believes the case for using synthetic biology to take on gasoline never stacked up.
"Why would you bank your whole platform on a bulk high-volume, low-price, low-margin product? It's baffling, not strategic," they said.
Today's synbio firms are looking at more niche and expensive products, such as potent painkillers and cancer medicines made in yeast cells - or fabrics with novel properties, although some have only reached demonstration stage.
California-based Bolt Threads recently debuted a limited edition $314 necktie made from yeast-derived spider's silk and Japanese rival Spiber has made a concept piece spider-silk parka jacket.
Boston-based Gingko Bioworks, meanwhile, is developing a rose oil for French fragrance house Robertet and Switzerland's Evolva has developed a vanillin, or vanilla extract, that, unlike most vanilla flavouring, is not made from petrochemicals.
In some areas - especially anything to do with food or the environment - synthetic biology is already running into criticism. Friends of the Earth was quick to condemn the new yeast-derived vanillin as "extreme" genetic engineering.
Other controversies appear inevitable as synthetic biologists push the envelope with more extreme projects, such as a Harvard team's "Jurassic Park"-style proposal to resurrect the woolly mammoth by adapting the Asian elephant genome.
Intrexon's Bostick, whose firm is releasing millions of genetically manipulated mosquitoes in Brazil in a bid to slash populations of Zika-carrying insects, believes each synthetic biology scheme has to prove its benefits outweigh the risks.
"There are always pros and cons, and we owe people a fair and balanced assessment."
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; editing by Giles Elgood)
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross speaks during the Milken Institute Global Conference in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
BEVERLY HILLS U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Monday that there is no reason that the U.S. economy cannot grow more robustly if the Trump administration is successful in rolling back a number of regulations.
Speaking at the Milken Institute's Global Conference, Ross said they would be "extremely disappointed" if the economy were growing only between 2.0 percent and 2.5 percent. They also said they hope tax reform can be done this year.
They spoke only days after government data showed that the U.S. economy grew only 0.7 percent in the first three months of the year.
"If we can undo the shackles put on by regulations, there is no reason the economy can't do much better than it's been doing," Ross told David Rubenstein, co-chief executive officer of private equity company The Carlyle Group.
Ross said they have known U.S. President Donald Trump for years and was impressed with their ability ever since the two met while negotiating the casino Taj Mahal in Atlantic City.
Now they are working for the president to negotiate better trade deals and one of their biggest initiatives to redo the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), something Trump has called the worst trade deal. "The whole idea had always been to renegotiate NAFTA and that is what we will do."
The administration has just imposed new tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber imports, Ross said because Canada was violating trade agreements.
"Violating trade practices is what imposed the fine. We were just the instrument that delivered the news," Ross said, adding that "we tried very hard to negotiate a reasonable settlement but we did not get anywhere."
The United States imported $5.7 billion worth of softwood lumber in 2016, mainly for home building.
Asked whether they thought this move might harm homebuilders by raising the price of new U.S. construction, Ross said price increases were being fuelled more by other factors.
Home prices were rising both because of the market's enthusiasm for Trump and because there had not been enough building in the past, they said. The S&P 500 has gained some 5.0 percent since Trump's inauguration.
The Trump administration last week imposed lumber tariffs of 3 to 24 percent on Canada, its second largest trading partner. They will be collected retroactively for imports dating back 90 days.
(with additional reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
May 3 Avis Budget Group Inc
* Avis Budget Group enters into new cooperation agreement with SRS Investment Management
* Avis Budget Group Inc- company also announced that, effective May 3, 2017, it is terminating stockholder rights plan it adopted earlier this year
* Avis Budget Group - brian choi, srs's representative, and sanoke viswanathan, a mutually agreed-upon independent director, will remain on board.
* Avis Budget Group - under terms srs agreed to standstill and voting commitments until jan 2018, will vote all of its shares in favor of co's nominees Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
BERLIN, April 6 German industrial orders picked up in February after plummeting the previous month but the rise in contracts for factories in Europe's largest economy was weaker than expected, data showed on Thursday.
Contracts for 'Made in Germany' goods were up by 3.4 percent on the month, the Economy Ministry said. That missed the Reuters consensus forecast for a 4.0 percent increase but came after an upwardly revised drop of 6.8 percent in January.
A breakdown of the February data showed domestic demand surged by 8.1 percent while foreign orders were unchanged. Bookings from the euro zone fell by 2.4 percent.
The Economy Ministry said it expected the industrial sector's performance to improve slightly. (Reporting by Michelle Martin)
April 3 Matinas Biopharma Holdings Inc:
* Matinas Biopharma reports 2016 financial results and provides corporate update
* Matinas Biopharma Holdings Inc - on track to report interim phase 2 data of MAT2203 and topline data of MAT2203 VVC study in June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TEL AVIV, April 3 Israel Secondary Fund (ISF) said on Monday it has raised $100 million for its second fund, ISF II, from Israeli and foreign institutions and family offices.
Investors include Israeli investment houses Halman-Aldubi, Altshuler Shaham and IBI and Bank Hapoalim. The new fund has completed four investments.
ISF is a secondary fund that acquires positions in Israeli funds and minority holdings in private companies from investors, founders and other shareholders, providing liquidity to the venture capital and private equity market.
Over $30 billion have been invested in Israeli funds and tech firms in the last decade, ISF managing partner Dror Glass said.
"A large portion of today's companies stay private for longer periods, and build significant business activity before going public or being acquired," they said. "Therefore, there is a growing need by entrepreneurs and investors for liquidity in the years preceding an exit." (Reporting by Tova Cohen)
(Adds data)
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 13 Brazil's services sector in February grew for a fourth straight month, government data showed on Thursday, following an upward revision in January that reinforced hopes of an economic recovery.
The sector expanded by 0.7 percent in February from the preceding month after seasonal adjustments, the statistics agency IBGE said. It modified January data to report a 0.2 percent increase instead of an originally announced drop of 2.2 percent.
On Wednesday, the IBGE also amended its January retail data to show sales volumes jumped rather than fell. However, it said they declined 0.2 percent in February.
Some economists said the retail and services data for January added to evidence that Brazil could soon exit its worst recession on record.
Among services showing growth in February were tourism, information technology and transportation, the IBGE said. Services posting significant declines included media and telecommunications.
It added the services sector fell 5.1 percent from a year earlier. (Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Silvio Cascione; Editing by W Simon)
April 10 Hi-level Technology Holdings Ltd :
* Expected that consolidated net profit of group for three months period ended 31 March 2017 will be no less than hk$6.5 million
* Expected result mainly attributable to, increase in group's revenue during three months period ended 31 March 2017
Source text (bit.ly/2nZTv0T)
Further company coverage:
CARACAS, March 31 Scores of opponents of Venezuela's socialist leader Nicolas Maduro blocked a highway in Caracas on Friday at the start of what activists say will be rolling street protests against the ruling Socialists.
"Today in Venezuela, we've woken up blocking streets," said opposition lawmaker Miguel Pizarro, among a crowd chanting and waving banners on a motorway to protest what they view as this week's lurch into "dictatorship" by Maduro. (Reporting by Corina Pons; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CAIRO Islamic State claimed responsibility on Thursday for two suicide attacks that killed at least 31 people in Damascus on March 15.
The group made the claim in its weekly online newspaper al-Nabaa.
The newspaper said the two suicide bombers, identified by the group as Abu Musa al Golani and Abu Firas al Shami, had killed and injured over one hundred people in two separate attacks.
The first attack was on a courthouse in central Damascus near the Old City and the second struck a popular restaurant in the al-Rabweh area of the capital.
Only a few days before these attacks, scores of people, most of them Iraqi Shi'ite pilgrims, were killed in a double suicide attack in Damascus claimed by an alliance of jihadist groups known as Tahrir al-Sham.
Analysts expect that as jihadist rebels will increasingly turn to guerrilla attacks in territory controlled by the government as they suffer military setbacks in the campaigns to oust President Bashar al-Assad.
(Reporting By Ali Abdelatty; editing by Richard Lough)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're staring in disbelief at your first credit card bill after the Christmas period then help may be at hand.
A Midlands insolvency expert has drawn up a ten-point action plan to help people with money worries avoid a debt hangover now 2017 is under way.
Chris Radford, regional chairperson of insolvency body R3 and partner at law firm Gateley in Birmingham, is urging adults in the region to take proactive steps towards recognising, reviewing and addressing their money issues.
Recent research by the body found that, while levels of debt concern have fallen over the last year, around two-in-five adults in the West Midlands say they are worried about their current level of debt.
Credit cards remain the main cause of concern, according to R3, followed by overdrafts, mortgage repayments and loans from family or friends.
Mr Radford said: "For those with financial worries, seeking advice early from a qualified source is the best course of action.
"The more debt builds up, the fewer options there are available. Confronting difficulties head-on is always the best plan of action.
"Many of the following tips may seem like common sense but it's surprising how many people ignore them."
R3 Midlands' top ten tips for managing a debt hangover are:
1) Acknowledge the problem. Avoiding personal finance problems will only make them worse.
2) Ask for help. Professional advice is readily available and is often free of charge, whether it's an initial meeting with a licensed insolvency practitioner or help from bodies such as the National Debtline or Citizens Advice.
3) Be honest with yourself. Start by working out how much you owe, ensuring nothing is omitted and work out your income and expenditure.
4) Prioritise the payments of your debts. An adviser can help.
5) Budget. Identity your essential financial commitments and cut back on luxuries. Maintain the minimum monthly credit card payments to retain your credit rating.
6) Communicate with your creditors. By getting in touch with your creditors at an early stage, this will give them an opportunity to help that might not be there in future.
7) Be transparent. Give full details about your financial situation to both your adviser and your creditors.
8) Take your time before choosing the solution that's right for you. Don't allow yourself to be pressurised and make sure you are taking advice from a regulated professional.
Watch: Boxing Day sales in Birmingham
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
9) Don't keep digging. Avoid turning to new credit cards or payday loans to plug the gap in your day-to-day finances. This might only make your situation worse.
10) Learn about your options. If you require a formal insolvency procedure, there are a number of options appropriate to different levels of debt.
April 13 UMP Healthcare Holdings Ltd :
* Discloseable Transaction In Relation To Acquisition Of Property
* Vendor agreed to sell, entire issued share capital of target company for a consideration of HK$56.7 million
* Unit entered into provisional spa with vendor and agent, pursuant to which purchaser agreed to acquire, and vendor agreed to sell Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Diego Maradona has branded England's win over Colombia "a monumental theft", accusing them of diving and demanding an apology from Fifa for appointing Mark Geiger to referee the match.
In a scathing attack on Argentine television, Maradona claimed Harry Kane "threw themselves down" for the penalty that gave England the lead, insisting the striker was not fouled.
They blamed Pierluigi Collina, the chairperson of Fifa's referees committee, for Colombia's defeat following the decision to put Geiger in charge of Monday's game.
Maradona attended the match as a 'Fifa legend', with their role as an ambassador having already come under scrutiny over their antics during Argentina's games at the tournament.
Advertisement
The man whose Hand of God goal helped knock England out of the 1986 World Cup told TeleSUR: "I saw a monumental theft. I apologise to all the Colombian people, but they must know the players are not to blame.
"It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame. A man like that [Geiger] should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude.
"With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, they are very bad. They must apologise to the Colombian people.
"I told [Fifa president] Gianni Infantino that, if I worked for Fifa, I would change everything. It has to be transparent. That's why I didn't go there.
"The referee will know a lot about baseball, but they have no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR [Video Assistant Referee intervention] and they did not give it to them.
"Twice, the English threw themselves to the ground and they did not admonish them. This was theft."
In an ill-tempered match Geiger struggled to control, England took the lead when Kane was bundled to the ground by Carlos Sanchez.
Maradona said: "The penalty was not a foul. In fact, it was Kane's fault.
"The referee is looking somewhere else and when they turn their head, Kane is on the floor.
"Kane used their arm to hook Sanchez and then threw themselves down.
"I repeat, why didn't the referee ask for the VAR? Colombia died standing. That's why I applaud them."
The Telegraph approached Fifa for a response.
Immediately after Tuesday's game, Colombia captain Radamel Falcao accused Geiger of being biased in favour of England.
"I found it peculiar that they put an American referee in this instance," Falcao said.
"To tell you the truth, the process leaves a lot of doubts. They only spoke English. Some bias was certain.
"The referee disturbed us a lot. In the 50-50 plays, they always made the calls in favor of England. This situation was undermining us. They didn't act with the same criteria for both teams.
"When in doubt, they always went to the England side. It's shameful that this happens in the round of 16 of a World Cup."
Geiger's tournament also began in controversial circumstances after they were accused of asking for a Portugal player's shirt during their 1-0 win over Morocco, an allegation Fifa condemned as false.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 29 Soitec SA
* says it and Silicon Genesis Corporation (SiGen) have successfully brought an end to dispute over the importation and sale in the U.S. of certain silicon-on-insulator (SOI) wafers
* Both companies have agreed to dismiss all pending litigations including the proceedings in front of the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC). Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Paris Newsroom)
April 12 Toys R Us Inc (IPO-TOYS.N)
* Toys R Us Inc - qtrly consolidated net sales were $4,661 million, a decrease of $192 million compared to prior year period
* Qtrly consolidated same store sales were down 3.0%
* Toys R Us Inc - qtrly operating earnings were $480 million, compared to $447 million in prior year period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT The euro zone economy may be improving, but a change in the European Central Bank's policy guidance could backfire, tightening financial conditions, policymakers concluded at their March 9 meeting, the minutes of the discussion showed on Thursday.
Still, the risk of a negative scenario has receded, so a nuanced shift in communication was warranted to convey a more positive tone, even if a substantial degree of accommodation was still required to raise inflation back to target, policymakers concluded.
Though the ECB kept its stance and message unchanged at the March meeting, this nuanced shift - the removal of a reference to being ready to act with all available instruments - was taken by markets as a hawkish shift, with some considering it as a signal for earlier-than-expected policy normalization.
Bond yields rose after the meeting as investors brought forward their prediction for the ECB's first interest rate increase in years, even as policymakers tried to cool those expectations, arguing that they merely signaled reduced risk, not quicker normalization.
Indeed, ECB President Mario Draghi and Chief Economist Peter Praet both suggested on Thursday that the bank will stick to its well telegraphed policy path, including for bond buying and record-low rates, for some time to come, as they are not yet convinced the euro zone economy is back to rude health.
"Changes in the formulation (of the guidance) at the current juncture could lead to an undue upward shift in market interest rates and tighten financial conditions to an extent that was not warranted by the prevailing outlook for price stability," the minutes showed.
The ECB added that there was broad agreement in maintaining the bank's guidance, even if some policymakers have suggested that the outlook has improved enough to drop the reference to lower rates.
"Removing the downward bias on interest rates in the present formulation of the Governing Council's forward guidance was seen as premature, as there was still considerable risk surrounding the economic outlook and the robustness of inflation convergence," the minutes showed.
But policymakers also wanted to indicated improved confidence in the outlook.
"Nuances in communication could convey a more positive tone on the state of the euro zone economy, while signaling less urgency for further monetary policy action," the minutes said.
(Reporting by Frank Siebelt)
Sunderland manager David Moyes pressed their relegation-threatened players to create more scoring chances for striker Jermain Defoe after they made a goalscoring return to the England side last weekend.
Moyes urged their team to "stand up and be counted" in their final games or face ejection from the Premier League.
"We need Jermain's goals, but we need people to help them score those goals and we need people to help create those goals," the Scot told reporters on Friday.
Defoe has scored 14 of the club's 24 league goals this season.
"We need other people in top form as well, so it's not just about Jermain. They have got to produce and they have got to perform as well."
Sunderland have won just once in their last 11 league games and are glued to the foot of the table, seven points adrift of safety with 10 games remaining this season. Four of those matches are against teams in the current bottom six.
"The games are running out for us and we have to win them now. There can be no half measures and we have to stand up and be counted," Moyes told the club's website. (www.safc.com)
Sunderland have three games in the space of eight days starting with a trip to Watford on Saturday followed by a game against a reinvigorated Leicester City, before hosting fifth-placed Manchester United next Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. Wal-Mart Stores Inc reporterd a higher-than-expected quarterly profit May 19, 2106, as sales in the U.S. market rose, sending the retailer's shares up nearly 10 percent. REUTERS/John Gress/Files
NEW YORK Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices.
The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer.
"We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York.
The ISO is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards.
Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong.
Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs.
"Over the past couple of months ... some of the federal agencies have reached out to say 'hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'" Jorgensen said.
Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, they said.
Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator.
"We would love it if California would say 'hey we would like some feedback," Jorgensen said.
Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart's compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets.
Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said.
More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, they said.
For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board's compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives' compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program.
Wal-Mart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business.
This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico.
In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company's practices in markets including Mexico, India and China.
So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world.
(Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)
April 6 Kyland Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it received a patent license (No. ZL 2013104124564), for the data security transmission method, system and device based on industrial Ethernet
* Says it received a patent license (No. ZL 2013103738431), for a method and system in network transmission field
* Both Patents are valid for 20 years
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/i1BlaV
Further company coverage: goo.gl/i1BlaV (Beijing Headline News)
* Gains for euro, sterling prod dollar index lower
* Euro on course for best week this year
* But weekly rise in 1-week volatility most since launch of euro
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, April 20 The dollar inched lower against a basket of major currencies on Thursday, suffering from a solid performance by the euro before the first round of French presidential elections and from an improvement in sentiment towards Britain's pound this week.
The biggest mover overnight was the New Zealand dollar, jetting higher after inflation surged past 2 percent to its highest in five years, bolstering the case for a rise in kiwi interest rates over the next year.
Attention is largely focused on the French vote, however. Despite a surge in measures of expected volatility, the euro rose another third of a percent to $1.0748 in early European trade, its strongest in three weeks.
Even with polls giving both far-right and far-left candidates a chance of making it into next month's run-off, the single currency has gained 1.3 percent this week, its strongest performance in 2017 so far.
Traders put that down more to a broadly weaker tone to the dollar, which sold off across the board on Tuesday as faith in continuing U.S. economic outperformance and the Trump administration's promises of tax reform wavered.
"I'm more inclined to think that we are dealing with that kind of dynamic," said Barclays strategist Hamish Pepper.
"We still expect the dollar to strengthen a bit more into the end of year, but I do see more and more signs that perhaps the dollar has peaked. The data has started to look slightly more inconsistent than it was, and there is the doubt over what we will get on the fiscal front."
By 0848 GMT, the dollar had fallen 0.14 percent to 99.601. It was marginally higher at 108.96 yen but around 0.4 percent weaker against sterling at $1.2824.
The bounce for the New Zealand dollar comes at a time of flux for monetary policy in a number of developed economies.
Money market expectations for a rise in European Central Bank interest rates have largely evaporated.
Yet a Reuters poll on Thursday showed the bank's next move would be to cut the value of its monthly bond purchases, and speculation is rife that the bank will be able to change tack once political risks to the euro abate.
"Relative to its U.S. counterparts, Europe offers good value on strong economy, even peripherals like Portugal are posting bullish economic data," said Shaniel Ramjee, a multi-asset fund manager with Swiss investment firm Pictet.
"We would have been even more positive were it not for the uncertainties triggered by the French presidential election."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
April 28 Huayi Tencent Entertainment Company Limited:
* Voluntary announcement investment in Huayi-Warner contents fund
* Company has agreed to contribute capital of KRW1 billion
* Fund will be established on 28 april 2017 with a total capital commitment of KRW 10 billion for an initial term of five years
* Fund's capital shall be invested in film projects that are invested and distributed by Warner Bros Source text: [bit.ly/2psmw8X] Further company coverage:
Britain Cricket - India v Sri Lanka - 2017 ICC Champions Trophy Group B - The Oval - June 8, 2017 India's Yuvraj Singh walks off dejected after losing their wicket Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra
(Reuters) - India have omitted batsman Yuvraj Singh and rested their frontline bowling attack for the limited-overs leg of the Sri Lanka tour, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) said on Sunday.
The selectors made seven changes to the squad and have overlooked Yuvraj after the 35-year-old managed just 109 runs in their last six one-day international innings.
The visitors will also be without spinners Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja along with pacemen Umesh Yadav and Mohammed Shami, who have been a part of the ongoing test series in Sri Lanka.
Middle-order batsman Manish Pandey was included in the 15-man squad after recovering from an injury and scoring 307 runs for the A team in South Africa last month.
Fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah and Rohit Sharma, who has been named the vice-captain, returned to the squad after being rested for the series against West Indies. KL Rahul was included in the limited-overs side for the first time since February.
Virat Kohli-led India will play five ODIs and one Twenty20 in Sri Lanka starting Aug. 20.
Full squad: Virat Kohli (captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma (vice-captain), KL Rahul, Manish Pandey, Ajinkya Rahane, Kedar Jadhav, MS Dhoni (wicket-keeper), Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Jasprit Bumrah, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Shardul Thakur.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the Bank of Montreal (BMO) is seen on their flagship location on Bay Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren/File Photo
TORONTO Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Bank of Montreal (BMO.TO) took the top three positions advising on Canadian equity issues in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data released on Thursday.
The volume slipped about 13 percent to C$12.9 billion ($9.6 billion) from year-earlier levels, the figures showed. Toronto Dominion (TD.TO) and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM.TO) finished fourth and fifth, respectively.
The five biggest deals of the quarter were in the energy sector, led by Cenovus Energy Inc's (CVE.TO) C$3 billion offering to help fund its acquisition of oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips (COP.N), followed by AltaGas Ltd's (ALA.TO) C$2.2 billion issue tied to its purchase of WGL Holdings (WGL.N).
RBC and JPMorgan were advisors on both those deals, and TD helped advise the AltaGas offering.
Initial public offerings rebounded after a lackluster 2016, with Freshii Inc (FRII.TO) and Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS.TO) listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
"We're seeing a resurgence of the IPO market in Canada. There's a ton of interest in non-resource names," said Benoit Lauzé, head of equity capital markets at CIBC.
"We feel the environment is much more stable than it was a year ago," added Lauzé, who advised on both the Freshii and Canada Goose offerings.
CIBC and RBC were jointly ranked No. 1 for advising on initial public offerings in the quarter.
JPMorgan's No. 2 ranking for overall equity issuance was the best performance by a foreign bank in Canadian equity capital markets since the second quarter of 2013.
"It does show you that for certain transactions, having a global bank leading or joint leading an equity offering can provide real value," said David Rawlings, head of JPMorgan Canada.
Rawlings said JPMorgan has been building its equity capabilities in Canada for the last three or four years.
The energy sector represented about 50 percent of new equity issues in the quarter, said Kirby Gavelin, head of equity capital markets at RBC Capital Markets.
"Acquisition-related financing was robust across all sectors," they added.
($1 = 1.3431 Canadian dollars)
(Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Richard Chang)
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
PARIS (Reuters) - Brazil striker Neymar is a slight doubt for Paris St Germain's Ligue 1 trip to Lille on Saturday because of a knock, coach Unai Emery said on Friday.
“I hope he'll get better today,” Emery told a news conference after Neymar did not train on Thursday.
Neymar picked up the knock in their team's 3-2 win at Stade Rennais in the League Cup semi-final on Tuesday.
PSG lead the table with 59 points from 23 games.
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach Livepic
BERLIN The explosives used in the attack on the bus of soccer team Borussia Dortmund may have come from supplies belonging to the German armed forces, a newspaper cited a source involved in the investigation as saying on Saturday.
It is still unclear who carried out Tuesday's attack. German prosecutors have doubts about the authenticity of letters that suggested Islamist militants were behind it and Bild newspaper cited an investigator as saying right-wing extremists were probably responsible.
"The explosives in the pipe bombs, which were filled with metal pins, might have come from the stocks of the German armed forces but that's still being checked," newspaper Welt am Sonntag cited a source involved in the investigation as saying.
The source also said that specialist knowledge was required to use the military detonators, which are not easy to get.
A spokesperson for the federal public prosecutor's office declined to comment on the report.
The players' bus was heading to their stadium for a Champions League match against AS Monaco on Tuesday when three explosions occurred, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra and delaying the match by a day. Dortmund said on Twitter on Saturday Bartra had been released from hospital.
Had the bombs been detonated even one second earlier, many people would have been seriously injured and some may have been killed, Bild am Sonntag newspaper cited an investigator as saying.
Welt am Sonntag said police thought further attacks were possible, citing a document sent to regional police headquarters as saying that soccer games, rock concerts and cultural events were particularly at risk.
It said regional police wanted to have a greater presence if necessary and use dogs trained to sniff out explosives.
INCREASED SECURITY
Joachim Herrmann, interior minister of the state of Bavaria, told the same newspaper Bavaria planned to use more video surveillance, especially in crime hotspots and in public places - a controversial issue in Germany, where memories of the Nazi Gestapo and the Stasi security police still linger.
Joachim Thomas, chairperson of the association of German stadium operators, told Welt am Sonntag they believed full-body scanners would be used at entrances to stadiums in future.
Police are overstretched already and do not have enough staff to keep watch over a team's hotel night after night so clubs would have to provide extra security staff if they wanted that, said Arnold Plickert, GdP police union's deputy chairperson.
Security was tight for Saturday's matches, including a Bundesliga game between Dortmund and Eintracht Frankfurt.
Dortmund police posted a picture on Twitter showing an armed officer outside the stadium, saying they had provided more security inside and out. Police in the western city of Mainz said they had safely accompanied buses carrying both the Mainz and Hertha BSC soccer teams to their match on Saturday.
Tagesspiegel newspaper said on its website the BKA federal police suspected an anonymous far-right email that claimed responsibility for the attack and suggested another might occur on April 22 was the work of a right-wing extremist who was not responsible for the attack but wanted to exploit the situation.
A spokesperson for the BKA said the email still needed to be evaluated. They said all letters claiming responsibility needed to be taken seriously and investigations "in all directions" needed to continue.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Alison Williams and Gareth Jones)
LONDON (AP) — Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that they would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with their investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
"This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously," they said.
Denham launched their investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Advertisement
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
"I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant," Denham told Britain's Channel 4. "We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica."
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights," Antonio Tajani tweeted. "The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account."
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
___
Associated Press Writers Nick Jesdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
(Adds table, details) TOKYO, March 31 Japan's monthly oil sales hit the lowest level for the month of February in 47 years, partly because of higher volumes a year ago due to a leap year, oil data from the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) showed on Friday. Japan's total oil sales last month were 15.54 million kilolitres (3.49 million barrels per day), down 3.9 percent from a year ago and the lowest for the month since 1970, a METI official said. The official attributed most of the decline to the fact there was one more day in February a year ago. Oil demand in the world's third-biggest economy has been in gradual decline for more than a decade, reflecting a falling population and an increased shift to more efficient vehicles and equipment. Meanwhile, Japan's crude imports in February fell 1.3 percent from a year earlier to 15.75 million kilolitres (3.54 million barrels per day), also the lowest level for the month since 1970, the official said. The following table shows Japan's crude imports and oil product sales in barrels per day. Product/Volume Feb Jan M/M(%) Yr/Yr(%) Crude Imports 3,539,040 3,460,860 2.3 -1.3 Crude Throughput 3,569,757 3,546,542 0.7 -0.7 Direct crude burn Oil product sales 3,489,771 3,318,569 5.2 -3.9 gasoline 868,923 830,677 4.6 -4.4 kerosene 562,018 549,476 2.3 -3.5 naphtha 851,231 856,837 -0.7 2.8 Oil product imports 638,272 655,183 -2.6 9.5 gasoline 13,613 2,953 361.1 kerosene naphtha 511,278 513,740 -0.5 7.9 Oil product exports 550,169 564,320 -2.5 -16.3 gasoline 103,214 88,653 16.4 -32.8 kerosene 8,992 30,028 -70.1 -44.4 jet fuel 154,416 113,404 36.2 -1.3 gas oil 133,562 171,960 -22.3 -22.1 fuel oil B, C 114,852 139,038 -17.4 -18.6 Refinery Output 3,348,445 3,298,140 1.5 -5.0 gasoline 957,677 940,231 1.9 -6.0 kerosene 416,214 468,708 -11.2 -0.9 naphtha 377,432 388,048 -2.7 -12.7 jet fuel 227,036 203,229 11.7 -1.7 gas oil 759,180 682,795 11.2 4.8 Month end Inventory Feb Jan M/M(%) Yr/Yr(%) Crude 83.1 85.4 -2.6 -4.5 Products 57.3 60.0 -4.4 -4.9 gasoline 11.2 10.9 2.8 3.3 kerosene 9.0 11.8 -23.9 8.0 Refinery run rate Feb Jan M/M(pt) Yr/Yr(pt) (%) 94.1 93.5 0.6 5.6 (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu and Susan Fenton)
BERLIN A deal on reforms struck between Greece and its lenders is an "important intermediate step", a spokesperson for the German Finance Ministry said on Tuesday, adding that more clarity was, however, still needed on issues like Greece's primary surplus.
"The ongoing second review of the aid programme for Greece has not yet been completed," the spokesperson said.
"The work continues. The aim is that the programme review can be completed in the Eurogroup on May 22," they added.
(Reporting by Rene Wagner; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
May 3 Mitel Networks Corp:
* Mitel reports solid march quarter revenues and earnings per share
* Says cutting workforce by about 10 percent
* Says workforce reduction expected to generate an annualized savings of approximately $30 million
* Says anticipate taking a charge in 2017 in range of $25 million to $35 million
* Says qtrly non-GAAP EPS $0.09
* Sees GAAP revenues $230 million to $255 million for Q2
* Says qtrly GAAP loss per share - basic $0.16
* Sees GAAP gross margin 53.5% to 55.5% in Q2
* Sees non-GAAP net income 5.5% to 9.5% in Q2
* Qtrly revenues $223.1 million versus $ 233.0 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.09, revenue view $220.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 revenue view $244.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
March 31 Logan Property Holdings Co Ltd
* FY net profit for year was RMB5.20 billion, representing an increase of approximately 93.5%
* FY revenue increased by approximately 40.9% to RMB20.54 billion
* Board of directors proposed a final dividend of HK22 cents per share and a special dividend of HK3 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PALM BEACH, FLA. The Trump administration will not make public White House visitor logs, the records that detail who has visited President Donald Trump and their staff on official business, their office confirmed, in a departure from a practice that was established under former President Barack Obama.
White House Communications Director Michael Dubke said in a statement on Friday that "the grave national security risks and privacy concerns of the hundreds of thousands of visitors annually" was the reason for keeping the records secret.
Transparency advocates had praised Obama's decision to release the logs, although their administration argued the disclosure was not required by law but instead was voluntary. As a result, Obama's team frequently redacted names from the list of visitors that were released to the public, including celebrities and donors who were sighted on the White House grounds.
The logs offer the most comprehensive look at who has access to the president and their team. Examining the logs provides insight into which interests are lobbying the White House and who may have more influence in the administration. Trump has continued the Obama policy of not allowing administration staffers to become lobbyists after leaving their government job, a rule that carries no enforcement mechanism and that they have already waived for one staffer.
The announcement that the logs would remain secret quickly drew criticism from watchdog groups.
"Elected officials work for the people and we deserve to see government business conducted in transparent daylight," Faiz Shakir, political director of the American Civil Liberties Union, said in a statement. "The only reasonable conclusion is to believe the Trump administration has many things it is trying to hide."During the Obama administration, conservative watchdog groups sued the Secret Service, which maintains the records, in an attempt to make unredacted copies publicly available. After Trump took office, a liberal watchdog group has taken over the fight, filing a lawsuit on Monday demanding the records.
Separately, Democrats in Congress have filed legislation to force the administration to release visitor logs from Mar-A-Largo, the president's Palm Beach estate where they have spent most weekends since becoming president. The legislation is unlikely to gain any traction because Republicans control the legislative body.
(Reporting by Ayesha Roscoe; Writing by Ginger Gibson; Editing by Bernard Orr)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Credit Bank of Moscow:
* Says signed a syndicated loan agreement for US$ 500 million
* Says it is the first such agreement for the bank since March 2014 and its all-time largest syndicated deal
* The bank put together a diversified base of lenders from 11 countries of Europe, North America and Asia
* The one-year loan will be utilised for general corporate purposes
Source text - bit.ly/2n3nFnP
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK U.S. refiners have come out of maintenance season betting that big exports to Mexico and South America will help alleviate high product inventories and boost margins as the critical summer driving season nears.
The first wave of earnings results from several large independent U.S. refiners showed that they are not chasing U.S. gasoline profits, due to already high inventories and steady-but-not-spectacular demand. Instead, they are taking advantage of demand from places like Mexico and South America, where sputtering local refineries cannot meet customer needs.
Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC.N), which just completed its largest-ever quarter of turnaround projects at its three Gulf Coast refineries, expects to process more crude than ever in the second quarter, the company said in its earnings release on Thursday.
"The export book continues to be strong," Marathon CEO Gary Heminger said Thursday, noting that they expect company exports to grow from about 200,000 bpd earlier this year to 300,000 bpd in the second quarter. It is expected to process about 1.82 million bpd in the second quarter.
Valero Energy Corp (VLO.N), the largest U.S. independent refiner by capacity, said it expected its 15 refineries to run up to 96 percent of their combined capacity of 3.1 million barrels per day (bpd) in the second quarter.
There is concern, however, that high run rates might exceed the ability of refiners to export products. U.S. gasoline inventories, which had been drawing down, have rebounded to uncommonly high levels for the season, sapping refining margins.
Jack Lipinski, CEO of CVR Energy Inc (CVI.N), said they fear a repeat of last year, when high inventories crushed margins. The company's two refineries are landlocked and have no direct access to export markets.
"Even though we are seeing exports increasing, the increase in production is offsetting that," Lipinski said on an earnings call Thursday.
Refinery crude runs USOICR=ECI hit a record 17.3 million bpd last week and capacity utilization rates hit their highest level since November 2015. [EIA/S]
"Right now, we are running at summer peak levels. If we stay at this level for several months, rising inventories will overwhelm exports," said Mark Broadbent, a refinery analyst at Wood Mackenzie. "If we stay at lower levels, then exports can help balance inventories."
The four-week average for exports of finished motor gasoline jumped to 643,000 bpd from 395,000 bpd a year ago while exports of distillate fuel oil climbed to 1.11 million bpd versus 1.01 million bpd a year earlier, EIA data showed.
However, March's middle distillate export loadings were at an 11-month low, while gasoline export loadings to Latin America have been anchored in the 600,000-bpd range for the past couple of months, said Matt Smith, who tracks cargoes for New York-based Clipperdata.
U.S. refiners, particularly in the Gulf Coast, have cashed in on soaring demand for refined products from Mexico, even as margins CL321-1=R have languished at the lowest levels in about seven years seasonally.
The silver lining has been diesel markets. East Coast refiners are stepping up exports of diesel despite a regional deficit of the fuel as strong overseas demand, particularly in Europe, is proving more profitable.
"It's a distillate world out there," said Scott Shelton, energy futures broker with ICAP in Durham, North Carolina. They said ultimately the narrowing in gasoline's premium to diesel RBc1-HOc1 should prompt more diesel refining, tightening gasoline supplies. That spread hit a four-year seasonal low on Thursday.
(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Jarrett Renshaw in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
March 30 Sino Wealth Electronic Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 3.5 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 1 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1kHYEZ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 12 Abico FS Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to sell entire 15 percent stake of shares in Japanese firm DaiichiKasei Holdings to Jabon International Co Ltd, at 390.5 million yen
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/76hHlq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
LONDON, April 28 North Korea's missile tests are a threat to global peace and security and Britain will work with international partners to maintain pressure on Pyongyang, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday.
Speaking to television cameras alongside Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after a bilateral meeting at their country residence, May said the pair had agreed that North Korea was continuing to take provocative action.
"In the face of this belligerence, we stand steadfast in our condemnation of such destabilising activity," they said.
"Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed that we will continue to work with our international partners to maintain pressure on North Korea and counter the security threat posed by its illegal pursuit of nuclear weapons, and work towards a peaceful resolution." (Reporting by William Schomberg, writing by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Kate Holton)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 6 Ruby Tuesday Inc -
* Ruby Tuesday announces the appointment of James F. Hyatt as president and chief executive officer
* Most recently, Hyatt served as chief executive officer of Church's Chicken
* Lane Cardwell, interim president and chief executive officer, will remain a member of board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TORONTO, April 20 Canada's Ontario province is set to announce a series of measures including a 15 percent non-resident foreign buyers tax on property purchases to rein in runaway housing prices, the Canadian Broadcasting Corp (CBC) News reported on Thursday.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne will unveil the measures on Thursday morning at 9:00 a.m. local time, including a ban on flipping of pre-construction units by speculators and a rebate of development cost charges to encourage more rental housing, the CBC News report said, citing people with knowledge of the announcement.
The government is also planning to expand the province's existing rent control system to cover all tenants, ending the exemption that currently allows unlimited rent increases, it added.
The steps to cool Toronto's hosing markets comes after Canada's top federal and provincial officials agreed this week that moves were necessary to bring in Toronto's roaring housing sector under control.
The average price of a home in Toronto rose by 33 percent to C$917,000 in March from a year earlier, recent data showed, adding urgency to the need for government action. A report this week also showed national prices were up 18.6 percent from a year earlier than strength in Toronto spilled over into nearby cities.
Toronto is Canada's biggest city, and the runaway house prices have become a headache for the government with many first home buyers priced out of the red-hot market. With public frustration growing, federal Finance Minister Bill Morneau met with Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory earlier this week.
Premier Wynne's press secretary was not available for an immediate comment. (Reporting by Denny Thomas; Editing by Bernard Orr)
April 3 Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc - new data demonstrate SY-1365 inhibits tumor growth in In Vivo models of triple negative breast cancer
* Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc - new data demonstrate sy-1365 inhibits tumor growth in in vivo models of triple negative breast cancer
* Syros Pharma - new data show sy-1365 has anti-proliferative activity in additional cancer cells, including ovarian and small cell lung cancers
* Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc - on track to begin a Phase 1 clinical trial of SY-1365 in Q2 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
File photo: U.S. President Donald Trump walks with British Prime Minister Theresa May after their meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
File photo: U.S. President Donald Trump escorts British Prime Minister Theresa May after their meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., January 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May spoke on Monday to U.S. President Donald Trump and agreed that "a window of opportunity" exists to persuade Russia to break ties with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, May's office said.
A spokesperson for the prime minister said Trump had thanked May for their support following last week's U.S. military action in Syria against the Assad regime.
The White House later on Monday said Trump had spoken with May and separately with German Chancellor Angela Merkel by telephone about the U.S. attack and thanked them for their support.
It said in a statement that May and Merkel expressed support for the U.S. action and agreed with Trump on the importance of holding Assad accountable.
In a shift in Washington's strategy, U.S. missiles hit a Syrian air base last week in retaliation for what the United States and its allies say was a poison gas attack by Syria's military in which scores of civilians died. The Syrian government has denied it was behind the assault.
Trump had previously appeared disinclined to intervene against the Syrian leader and the attack raised expectations that they might now be ready to adopt a tougher-than-expected stance with Russia, Assad's main backer.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is due to travel to Moscow this week and the spokesperson for May said the two leaders had agreed during their conversation that the visit was an opportunity to make progress towards a solution.
"The prime minister and the president agreed that a window of opportunity now exists in which to persuade Russia that its alliance with Assad is no longer in its strategic interest," the spokesperson said.
"They agreed that U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson's visit to Moscow this week provides an opportunity to make progress towards a solution which will deliver a lasting political settlement."
The spokesperson said the two leaders had also stressed the importance of the international community, including China, putting pressure on North Korea to constrain the threat it poses.
(Reporting by Kate Holton; Editing by James Dalgleish, Toni Reinhold)
Czech crown banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken in Prague January 18, 2013. REUTERS/David W Cerny
BUDAPEST The Czech crown is expected to gain about 5 percent against the euro over the next 12 months, outperforming its Central European peers, a Reuters poll of analysts showed on Thursday.
The Czech National Bank's commitment to keep the crown weaker than 27 per euro ended on Friday, so it may abandon the cap at any time. The central bank holds a non-policy meeting on Thursday and some dealers think it may decide to lift the cap at that meeting.
"I would expect volatile trading in the first weeks after the exit from the FX commitment," said Generali Investments CEE chief economist Radomir Jac, who expects this to happen this month, after March inflation figures are published on April 10.
Investors have purchased huge amounts of crowns and other Czech assets, speculating that the steadily growing, stable Czech economy will boost the currency once its cap is removed.
But concerns that the currency is over-bought have boosted volatility in the crown's spot and forward exchange rates in the past week, along with the cost of hedging. The CNB has bought tens of billions of euros in the past months to defend the cap.
In the regular monthly FX poll taken March 31-April 5, seven of 16 analysts said that the crown would strengthen past the limit set by the cap at the end of April. A further 13 of 18 analysts said this would happen by end-June.
The median forecasts in the poll see the crown firming to 25.7 by March 2018, a 5.2 percent rise from Wednesday's close.
Other forecasts see Romania's leu gaining 0.6 percent, the forint trading flat at 310, the zloty retreating by 0.8 percent and the dinar easing by 1.1 percent.
Exit from the cap could be followed by significant swings before the crown settles at firmer levels. The Swiss franc surged after the central bank there removed a similar cap.
But the Czech cap's removal has been well-flagged by the central bank, it could smooth the crown's movements and there are investors who may be eager to close their long positions, analysts said.
After the cap is lifted, any crown gains past 27 to the euro could trigger profit-taking, which could come in many waves and keep the crown in swing around 27, Generali's Jac said.
If the crown is unable to strengthen for months or even weakens, the CNB might consider raising its record low interest rates.
"So, the CZK (crown) may firm 'spontaneously' or with the support of the CNB, but the rate hike scenario would become relevant topic only in late 2017, if it becomes relevant this year at all," they added.
But Komercni banka chief economist Jan Vejmelek said the crown could firm to 26 against the euro after the cap exit and a subsequent correction would not weaken it beyond 26.5.
"We believe in new investors after the exit," they said.
(Editing by Larry King)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
LIMA, April 12 Peru's bank regulator said on Wednesday it was opening an investigation into two bank accounts worth $13 million belonging to Jorge Barata, construction firm Odebrecht's former head in Peru, after detecting "suspicious movements" between 2006 and 2016.
The Brazilian company is at the center of a massive corruption investigation that spans several Latin American countries.
"Odebrecht Peru has been cooperating with the authorities in that country to advance the investigations in progress," a company representative wrote in an email to Reuters in response to the new investigation.
Multiple attempts to locate attorneys for Barata were not successful.
Barata, who is in Brazil acting as a cooperating witness, is already under investigation on charges of influence trafficking and aggravated collusion.
In December, Odebrecht admitted that it had doled out hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes to unidentified authorities throughout Latin America over a decade including $29 million to win contracts in Peru.
(Reporting by Marco Aquino; Writing by Gram Slattery)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON Microsoft Corp said on Thursday it had received at least a thousand surveillance requests from the U.S. government that sought user content for foreign intelligence purposes during the first half of 2016.
The amount, shared in Microsoft's biannual transparency report, was more than double what the company said it received under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the preceding six-month interval, and was the highest the company has listed since 2011, when it began tracking such government surveillance orders.
The scope of spying authority granted to U.S. intelligence agencies under FISA has come under renewed scrutiny in recent weeks, sparked in part by evolving, unsubstantiated assertions from President Donald Trump and other Republicans that the Obama White House improperly spied on Trump and their associates.
Microsoft said it received between 1,000 and 1,499 FISA orders for user content between January and June of 2016, compared to between 0 and 499 during both January-June 2015 and the second half of 2015.
The number of user accounts impacted by FISA orders fell during the same period, however, from between 17,500 and 17,999 to between 12,000 and 12,499, according to the report.
The U.S. government only allows companies to report the volume of FISA requests in wide bands rather than specific numbers.
FISA orders, which are approved by judges who sit on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, are tightly guarded national security secrets. Even the existence of a specific FISA order is rarely disclosed publicly.
The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that the FBI obtained a FISA order to monitor the communications of former Trump advisor Carter Page as part of an investigation into possible links between Russia and Trump's presidential campaign.
Parts of FISA will expire at the end of the year, unless U.S. lawmakers vote to reauthorize it. Privacy advocates in Congress have been working to attach new transparency and oversight reforms to any FISA legislation, and to limit government searches of American data that is incidentally collected during foreign surveillance operations.
Microsoft also for the first time published a national security letter, a type of warrantless surveillance order used by the FBI.
Other technology companies, including Twitter Inc and Yahoo Inc, have also disclosed national security letters in recent months under a transparency measure of the USA Freedom Act that was enacted into law by the U.S. Congress in 2015.
(Reporting by Dustin Volz; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
(Adds details, background)
RABAT, March 31 Moroccan property developer Alliances Developpement reported a net profit of 144 million dirhams ($14 million) for 2016, recovering from a record loss in 2015 after a debt restructuring.
Alliances' debt dropped by 50 percent to 1.78 billion dirhams in 2016, the company said in a statement published in L'Economiste newspaper on Friday.
"The results are in line with the restructuring plan," it said.
Revenue surged by 277 percent last year to 3.56 billion dirhams, thanks to strong growth in public housing and high-end units, in addition to construction and housing projects in the Ivory Coast and Cameroon.
Last year, Morocco's stock market regulator AMMC suspended trading in Alliances Developpement shares after the property company postponed its annual results announcement, saying it wanted time to finalise its debt restructuring plan.
Alliances' rival Addoha, Morocco's biggest property developer by stock market value, reported an 18 percent rise in annual net profit to 1 billion dirhams on Thursday. (Reporting by Samia Errazzouki; editing by Alexander Smith and Susan Fenton)
The dawn light is seen over London's Canary Wharf financial district March 30, 2017 the day after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May invoked Article 50 to trigger Britain leaving the EU. REUTERS/Russell Boyce
LONDON Brexit and political uncertainty in Europe are likely to depress merger activity among European insurers this year, after a steep decline in deals in 2016, ratings agency AM Best said on Monday.
Mergers in Europe involving an insurer on at least one side of the deal totalled around $5 billion last year, down 72 percent from 2015 and 76 percent from 2014, AM Best said.
Negative interest rates in some European countries in 2016 reflected an uncertain economic outlook, which the agency said stifled deals, as prospects for merged firms were unclear.
In addition, a fall in the pound following Britain's vote to leave the EU was not enough to make UK insurers cheaper for overseas buyers, as British stock market values rose.
"What with Brexit and the political uncertainties on the map, it doesn't feel that we are going to hit the peaks of 2014 and 2015 (in 2017)," Anthony Silverman, senior financial analyst at AM Best and author of the report, said.
Europe faces elections in France and Germany this year, while Britain has triggered Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, starting the two-year countdown to Brexit.
Last year's biggest European insurance deal was Dutch-based NN Group's takeover of Delta Lloyd in a $2.5 billion transaction.
The largest deal of the last five years was British insurer Aviva's $8.8 billion purchase of rival Friends Life in 2014, data from AM Best showed.
British firms Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management said last month they are planning to merge in an 11 billion pounds ($13.7 billion) deal.
Mergers between two firms in the same European country are likely to become less common having made up a quarter of the $64 billion in insurance deals tracked by AM Best from 2012 to 2016.
"The scope for large transactions within a European country is likely to eventually become limited by competition considerations," the agency said.
($1 = 0.8045 pounds)
(Reporting by Carolyn Cohn; Editing by David Holmes)
BERLIN A transition period offered to Britain by the European Union in Brexit negotiating guidelines it issued on Friday is the only way to avoid the talks failing, an ally of German Chancellor Angela Merkel said.
In the guidelines, the EU offered Britain talks this year on a future free trade pact but made clear that London must first agree to the bloc's demands on the terms of Brexit.
The document, seen by Reuters, sets tough conditions for any transition period, insisting Britain must accept many EU rules after any such partial withdrawal.
Detlef Seif, the deputy EU spokesperson for Merkel's conservative parliamentary bloc, said there were effectively only 15 months for the negotiations and this was insufficient time to wrap up Britain's exit from the bloc.
"Without transitional provisions, the negotiations would be doomed to failure from the start," Seif told Reuters.
"The proposal provides the necessary room and flexibility to negotiate reasonably and to reach high-quality arrangements," they said of the guidelines, which may be revised before leaders of the remaining 27 EU states endorse them at an April 29 summit.
"The more access to the internal market Britain wants, the greater the trade-off and so the more Britain must submit to EU law," said Seif, warning Britain not to try to divide the bloc by negotiating with individual member states.
"Should this transpire, it would be the end of the EU's good behaviour and willingness to compromise, which can clearly be seen in the draft guidelines," they added.
Steffen Seibert, Merkel's spokesperson, told reporters on Friday that negotiations about a future free trade deal between Britain and the EU could take place only after the contours of the Brexit divorce talks were clear.
Bavarian premier Horst Seehofer said it was important to quickly establish new parameters for trade with Britain, their state's third biggest European trading partner.
"We must establish a new basis for the relationship in the Brexit negotiations as quickly as possible, and do everything we can to avoid new trade barriers," they wrote in a commentary to be published next week in German magazine vbw-Unternehmermagazin.
(Reporting by Paul Carrel; Editing by Andrew Roche)
March 31 GBM Resources Ltd:
* WCB Resources and GBM Resources terminate heads of agreement
* WCB Resources - termination of heads of agreement with gbm due to financing conditions for agreement not being met prior to deadline of March 31
* WCB Resources Ltd- GBM announced on March 31, 2017 that completion of their $10million loan agreement was unsuccessful
* WCB Resources Ltd- GBM announced they are continuing to source alternative funding
* WCB Resources-until funding is identified, size,nature of any funding is known,merger discussions between WCB and GBM have necessarily been put on hold
* WCB Resources Ltd - should appropriate funding package be sourced, WCB and GBM will consider re-opening merger discussions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HONG KONG Shanghai SIPG were denied the opportunity to share the lead in the Chinese Super League on Sunday when a late goal from Ding Jie saw Andre Villas-Boas' team held to a 1-1 draw by Chongqing Lifan.
SIPG were seconds away from moving into a three-way tie, level on 16 points, at the top of the standings with Guangzhou Evergrande and Guangzhou R&G but Ding's goal scuppered those hopes.
They Guan gave the Shanghai side the lead in the 52nd minute, only for Ding to level from close range four minutes into injury time to secure Chongqing a share of the points.
"This result was not what we were expecting," said Villas-Boas, whose team advanced to the knockout phase of the Asian Champions league during the week. "They equalised at the last moment.
"We had a pretty good performance over the 90 minutes and a draw was not consistent with that. We missed some good opportunities. We could have led by two goals and we were the better side in the second half."
Guangzhou Evergrande topped the standings on Saturday after a Ricardo Goulart hat-trick, which included two penalties, saw Luiz Felipe Scolari's side claim a 4-2 win over Henan Jianye 24 hours after Guangzhou R&F suffered a surprise 3-1 defeat against Guizhou Zhicheng.
Those results mean the pair are level on 16 points from the first seven games of the campaign, with Evergrande ahead with a better goal difference.
"I can't say that we are increasing the level of our performance," said Scolari, despite seeing their team win their fourth game in a row in all competitions.
"You could see that in the first four rounds our opponents were strong sides such as Shanghai SIPG, Shandong and R&F. They were all tough games, and now our results are also within my expectation."
SIPG are in third, two points further behind, while Shandong Luneng remain in fourth after their meeting with Shanghai Shenhua was postponed due to repair work being conducted at Shenhua's fire-damaged Hongkou Stadium.
Ezequiel Lavezzi scored twice as Manuel Pellegrini's Hebei CFFC handed Tianjin Teda a 4-0 thrashing to move up to fifth place while Beijing Guoan had two-goal Renato Augusto to thank as they notched up their first win in three games with a 4-2 victory over Liaoning Whowin.
Yanbian Funde picked up their first win of the season with a 1-0 victory over Changchun Yatai while Jiangsu Suning's struggles continued with a third draw of the season, this time a 2-2 tie with Tianjin Quanjian, leaving Choi Yong-soo's team rooted to the bottom of the standings.
(Reporting by Michael Church in Hong Kong, Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
(Refiles to additional subscribers)
SYDNEY, March 31 Australia's competition regulator on Friday said it would bar a group of the country's largest banks from bargaining collectively for access to Apple Inc's contactless payment function, potentially setting a global precedent.
The decision, the first of its kind, will stop the banks from introducing their own mobile applications on devices like the iPhone and Apple Watch that could be used for contactless payments instead of the Apple Wallet.
That would have enabled banks to circumvent transaction fees and get customers to engage more frequently with their own apps, potentially unlocking more of Australia's contactless payment market. (Reporting by Jamie Freed, editing by G Crosse)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
FILE PHOTO: A Filipino soldier patrols at the shore of Pagasa island (Thitu Island) in the Spratly group of islands in the South China Sea, west of Palawan, Philippines, May 11, 2015. REUTERS/Ritchie B. Tongo/Pool/File Photo
MANILA Philippines' President Rodrigo Duterte has cancelled a planned visit to an island the Philippines claims in the disputed South China Sea, after Beijing warned them against the visit.
The brash Philippine leader last week announced their plan to raise the Philippine flag in the island of Thitu and fortify it with barracks, setting off alarm bells.
"Because of our friendship with China and because we value your friendship I will not go there to raise the Philippine flag," Duterte said in a speech before the Filipino community in Riyadh late Wednesday.
"They said, do not go there in the meantime, just do not go there please. I will correct myself because we value our friendship with China," they said, adding that they might just send their son to the island.
China claims most of the South China Sea through which about $5 trillion (£4 trillion) in ship-borne trade passes annually. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims. (tmsnrt.rs/1GHW1LC)
Duterte said Beijing warned them that "there will likely be trouble" if every head of state of contending parties will go to the disputed islands and plant flags.
The popular president is on a week-long state visit in the Middle East to facilitate trade and investments, and meet with Filipinos overseas. The Middle East is the second largest source of remittances, with more than one million Filipino workers sending home $7.6 billion in last year, government data showed.
Duterte, who led the warming of ties with China, had blamed the United States for the current maritime tensions for not intervening to stop China building and arming artificial islands in the Philippines' exclusive economic zone.
The Philippines will reinforce, but not militarise, areas in the South China Sea controlled by Manila to maintain the geopolitical balance, Duterte said on Monday.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales; Editing by Michael Perry)
Crawley Town player Lewis Young has signed a new contract which will run until the end of the 2019-20 season.
Head coach Harry Kewell said: “We're delighted that Youngy is on board for the next two seasons. He's a great professional and very popular with our fans.
“I like to think they improved last season. We got them to play a slightly different role which they adapted really well to and, of course, he's now a goalscorer as well!
“Hopefully with their experience they can help us push on next season and beyond and I'm pleased they are going to be part of what we're trying to achieve.”
The defender/wing-back, who is aged 28, is one of the longest-serving members of the squad, having joined Reds in 2015.
They have since played 173 league and cup games for the club, scoring three goals.
Internally displaced Somali women gather with their jerrycans to receive water at a distribution centre organized by a Qatar charity after fleeing from drought stricken regions in Baidoa, west of Somalia's capital Mogadishu, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
GENEVA About 1.4 million children in drought-hit Somalia are projected to suffer acute malnutrition this year, 50 percent more than estimated in January, the U.N. Children's Fund (UNICEF) said on Tuesday.
They include more than 275,000 children potentially facing a life-threatening severe acute form of malnutrition, who are nine times more likely to die of diseases including cholera or measles, UNICEF spokesperson Marixie Mercado said.
"The combination of malnutrition and disease plus displacement is deadly for children," Mercado told a Geneva news briefing after a trip to the central city of Baidoa.
"A severely malnourished and dehydrated child can die in a matter of hours if they do not get treatment for diarrhoea or cholera. Measles, which can be transmitted via air, can spread like fire in congested displacement camps," they said.
About 28,400 cases of cholera or acute watery diarrhoea, including 548 deaths, have already been recorded across Somalia, nearly double the rates last year, they added.
An estimated 2.9 million people in Somalia are facing famine, along with 17 million in northeast Nigeria, South Sudan and Yemen, the United Nations says. Famine has already been declared in pockets of South Sudan.
UNICEF has treated 56,000 Somali children for the most severe form of malnutrition since the beginning of year, an increase of 88 percent over last year, Mercado said. The known death rate among them was one percent, they added.
The agency, which supports nutrition and cholera centres, had no figure for the overall number of children who have died so far of hunger and disease in Somalia. But Mercado noted that in the 2011 famine an estimated 258,000 people died over an 18-month period, including 133,000 young children.
"Every mother I spoke to said their children were sick, either with diarrhoea, or vomiting or feverish. Most had never been vaccinated before because of the insecurity across the country," Mercado said. "The pace and the scale of displacement have risen exponentially."
Some 615,000 Somalis have fled their homes due to drought and failed crops since last November, joining 1 million previously internally displaced, U.N. spokesperson Jens Laerke said.
The U.N. has received nearly 60 percent towards its humanitarian funding appeal of $720 million for Somalia this year, they said, adding: "We are still in a race against time."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Catherine Evans)
* Emerging market debt trading rises year-over-year in 2016
* Trading lower in Q4 than Q3 last year
* Mexico, Brazil, India had most traded instruments (Adds data, analyst quote)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, March 29 Trading volume for emerging market debt rose 9 percent last year to $5.167 trillion, according to a survey of 45 leading investment and commercial banks in 90 emerging market countries.
The survey from EMTA, the emerging markets debt trading and investment industry trade association, found that debt trading volume fell in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $1.132 trillion.
That number was down 18 percent from trading during the third quarter of 2016 and 2 percent lower than trading in the fourth quarter of 2015.
EMTA said that emerging markets debt trading volume in 2015 was the lowest recorded since 2009.
The growth in 2016 was the result of "strong inflows, volatility related to global political events (Brexit, U.S. elections), and idiosyncratic market developments within emerging markets," Hongtao Jiang, head of emerging market credit strategy at Deutsche Bank, said in a statement accompanying the release.
They also noted that India and Argentina were the largest contributors to idiosyncratic country risk.
"However, this masks a multiyear declining trend in trading volumes as 2016 total turnover remains substantially lower than 2013 and 2014 levels," they said, "reflecting the impact of tighter regulation across banks on their ability in providing liquidity."
Local bond trading declined in 2016, with turnover in local markets instruments falling 10 percent to $664 billion in the fourth quarter from $740 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015. Local bond trading also decreased from the third quarter when volumes were 24 percent higher at $878 billion.
Local bonds made up 59 percent of total reported volume. Mexican instruments were the most frequently traded, followed by Brazil and India.
Mexico, Brazil and India also had the most traded instruments overall in emerging markets due to the substantial political upheavals facing each country during the year, analysts said.
"That level of volume, especially in Latin America, would be explained primarily based on the political moving pieces last year," said Juan Perez, currency strategist at Tempus Inc in Washington.
Perez pointed to the scandal that ultimately led to the impeachment of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's surprise ban on high-value currency notes and the U.S. presidential election during which the Mexican peso became tied to Donald Trump's election chances.
Securities from China and Poland were also heavily traded. (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Grant McCool and Jonathan Oatis)
Former All Blacks rugby player Alexander 'Ali' Williams, who is charged with purchasing cocaine in February while a player for French club Racing 92, leaves the courthouse in Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Former All Blacks rugby player Alexander 'Ali' Williams, who is charged with purchasing cocaine in February while a player for French club Racing 92, leaves the courthouse in Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Former All Blacks rugby player Alexander 'Ali' Williams, who is charged with purchasing cocaine in February while a player for French club Racing 92, leaves the courthouse in Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Former All Blacks rugby player Alexander 'Ali' Williams, who is charged with purchasing cocaine in February while a player for French club Racing 92, leaves the courthouse in Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS Former All Blacks lock Alexander "Ali" Williams was fined 1,500 euros (£1,282) on Wednesday by a Paris court on charges of purchasing cocaine, a court clerk said.
The 35-year-old Williams was charged by police for allegedly buying 2.4 grams of cocaine in February. Former Wallabies winger James O'Connor, who plays for Toulon, was also arrested and charged with possession.
Williams played for Parisian club Racing 92 at the time of the incident and the club said afterwards that they would be fired. O'Connor was suspended by their club over the incident.
(Reporting by Miranda Alexander-Webber; Writing by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Africa's parliament has scheduled a motion of no-confidence against President Jacob Zuma for Feb. 22, the parliament's speaker said on Friday, following a request from the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) party.
“Ms Mbete informed EFF leader Mr Julius Malema that they had decided to schedule their requested motion of no confidence in the President for 22 February,” the parliament said in a statement on Friday, referring to speaker of parliament Baleka Mbete. (Reporting by Tanisha Heiberg and Alexander Winning; Editing by James Macharia)
BEIJING China's top ride-hailing service, Didi Chuxing, said on Friday it has raised more than $5.5 billion to expand its business overseas and develop artificial intelligence technology.
The company will invest in big-data, driving technologies and smart transport architecture, it said in a statement.
Reuters reported on Thursday that Didi was set to raise between $5 billion and $6 billion. Sources familiar with the deal valued Didi at more than $50 billion.
Investors include Japan's Softbank Group Corp (9984.T), private equity firm Silver Lake, China Merchants Bank (600036.SS) and Bank of Communications (601328.SS), the people said.
A spokesperson for Didi on Friday declined to comment on which investors participated or on the valuation.
Didi is also exploring investment in core technology, it said. The firm led a $100 million investment in Brazilian ride-hailing service 99 in January and opened an artificial intelligence-related research lab in Silicon Valley in the United States last month.
(Reporting by Cate Cadell)
April 12 Axalta Coating Systems Ltd
* Axalta coating systems to acquire Valspar's North American Industrial Wood Coatings Business
* Axalta Coating Systems Ltd - Deal for $420 million in cash
* Axalta Coating Systems Ltd- Axalta intends to operate this business as a pure bolt-on
* Axalta Coating Systems Ltd - Axalta has secured a financing commitment for transaction through Deutsche Bank AG New York branch
* Axalta Coating Systems Ltd - Divesting business in connection with reviews by FTC and CCB of proposed acquisition of Valspar by Sherwin-Williams
* Axalta Coating Systems - To acquire personnel, manufacturing sites, research and development assets, underlying IP of Valspar's North American Industrial Wood Coatings Business
* Axalta Coating Systems Ltd - Centerview Partners LLC acted as financial advisor to Axalta Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home, seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras, but is called out. Safe, shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board.
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review, and nearly three minutes later, the signal comes: Out!
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided, like that one in last year's NL Championship Series?
Soon, we might.
While nothing is set, Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan — most prominently used in the NFL — for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings.
Under one possible scenario, they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami, tweak the process over the season's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs.
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached.
Last year, MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game, but there wasn't enough time to do it.
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations, plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient, accurate and easy.
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards, Coors Field and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs — be it country singer Joe West, ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott, once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey.
“It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation,” Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said. “They're supposed to say the call stands or the call's confirmed. `The call stands' means you can't tell. A lot of times we don't get that … they just signal out or safe. That's all we get on the field.
“They may announce it on the PA, but it doesn't seem like that is consistent in all parks. And the acoustics in the stadium here — we have a hard time hearing what's on the PA in the bullpen,” they said.
In the NFL, hearing refs announce “upon further review” has long been part of the lexicon. The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game, when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for “giving them the business down there.”
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach's challenges, based on what the central replay booth tells them.
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center. Decisions are explained to the official scorer's table and the benches, and the public address announcers inform the crowd.
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year, aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes.
“It'll take more time,” Boston pitcher David Price said. “It's not going to make them any shorter.”
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining, “Yeah, until they have a problem with the umpire's mic,” they said.
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch wouldn't affect him.
“The call's the call,” they said. “Just because they tell you what they decided isn't going to change it.”
TOKYO Japanese retail sales were effectively flat in February as consumers cut back on food and durable goods after employers offered the lowest spring wage increases in four years.
Retail sales rose 0.1 percent in February from a year ago, well below the median estimate for a 0.5 percent annual increase, and much less than year-on-year growth of 1.0 percent in January.
The anemic figures raise further doubt about the strength of private consumption, emphasizing how difficult it will be for Japan's economy to generate sustained wage growth and price inflation, as envisaged in the government's "Abenomics" policies.
"I was expecting consumption to pick up in January-March, but so far things look weak," said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"This reflects concerns that wage this year won't rise as fast as last year. Some people are also feeling the pinch from higher energy prices."
The data showed that spending on foodstuffs fell an annual 1.5 percent in February, the first decline in five months.
Spending on durable goods fell an annual 2.2 percent in February versus a 0.8 percent annual decline in the previous month.
Spending on general daily goods fell 5.1 percent from a year ago, considerably faster than January's a 2.9 percent annual decline.
Most major Japanese companies offered their lowest increase in base pay in four years at annual spring wage negotiations this year in a setback to consumer spending and overall economic activity.
In addition, a rise in crude oil prices last year and a falling currency have pushed up prices of gasoline, which is also starting to hurt consumer sentiment.
(Reporting by Izumi Nakagawa; Editing by Chris Gallagher and Eric Meijer)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
April 28 Genmab A/S:
* Genmab announces new phase III combination study of Daratumumab in multiple myeloma
* Study is expected to start in Q2 2017 and is designed to confirm results from MMY1001 study
* Prescription drug user fee act date of June 17, 2017 for Daratumumab
* Janssen Research with European myeloma network plans to start phase III study of Daratumumab in relapsed and refractory multiple myeloma Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* North American pharma customers reluctant to place orders
* 2017 revenue seen at lower end of guidance range
* Shares drop almost 6 percent (Adds details on outlook, shares, analyst comment)
FRANKFURT, April 6 German drugs-packaging firm Gerresheimer on Thursday said its major pharmaceutical customers had been more cautious in placing orders due to uncertainty over the new U.S. administration's policies, sending its shares lower.
Revenues at Gerresheimer's business division that makes glass bottles and vials for drugs fell 2.9 percent in its fiscal first quarter through the end of February as sales in North America slipped.
"Greater uncertainty with regard to the new U.S. government triggered a relatively pronounced reticence among a number of large pharma customers to place orders," Gerresheimer said in a statement, adding that European cosmetic glass sales had risen.
President Donald Trump has promised to increase competition in the pharmaceutical industry without giving details, while promised healthcare reform has been delayed, leaving drugmakers uncertain as to how pricing and demand may be affected.
Overall, Gerresheimer's revenues were down more than 5 percent at 302.8 million euros ($323.1 million) in the quarter, missing analyst consensus of 307 million euros in a Reuters poll.
The group said it expected full-year revenues at the lower end of its forecast range of 1.405 billion to 1.455 billion euros. Analysts on average see 2017 revenues of 1.43 billion euros.
Shares in Gerresheimer fell 5.9 percent in early trading to the bottom of the German mid-cap index, which slipped 0.4 percent.
"The fact that the management currently sees just the lower end of the FY revenue guidance should not come as a major negative surprise after the expected slow start to the year," said DZ Bank analyst Sven Kuerten, reiterating their "buy" rating.
Gerresheimer reiterated that adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) should rise to around 320 million euros this year from 308 million in 2016, after a 6 percent slide in the first quarter. ($1 = 0.9366 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan and Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Scientists have developed a new 3D-printing technique that can be used to create everything from small tools to large buildings with dust from the Moon or Mars, an advance that could enable humans to build colonies on extraterrestrial bodies with limited surrounding resources.
Mars, as imaged by Mangalyaan. Image: ISRO
Researchers from the Northwestern University in the US have demonstrated the ability to 3D-print structures with simulants of Martian and lunar dust. The research uses an extension of their “3D-painting process,” which they previously employed to print hyperelastic “bone”, graphene and carbon nanotubes, and metals and alloys.
“For places like other planets and moons, where resources are limited, people would need to use what is available on that planet in order to live,” said Ramille Shah, assistant professor at Northwesterns McCormick School of Engineering. “Our 3D paints really open up the ability to print different functional or structural objects to make habitats beyond Earth,” Shah said.
Researchers used NASA-approved lunar and Martian dust simulants, which have similar compositions, particle shapes, and sizes to the dusts found on lunar and Martian surfaces. They created the lunar and Martian 3D paints using the respective dusts, a series of simple solvents, and biopolymer, then 3D printed them with a simple extrusion process. The resulting structures are over 90 percent dust by weight.
Despite being made of rigid micro-rocks, the resulting 3D-painted material is flexible, elastic and tough – similar to rubber. This is the first example of rubber-like or soft materials resulting from lunar and Martian simulant materials. The material can be cut, rolled, folded, and otherwise shaped after being 3D painted, if desired.
“We even 3D-printed interlocking bricks, similar to Legos, that can be used as building blocks,” Shah said. Researchers are working on optimising ways to fire these 3D-painted structures in a furnace, which is an optional process that can transform the soft, rubbery objects into hard, ceramic-like structures.
In the context of the broader 3D-painting technology, this work highlights the potential to use a single 3D printer on another planet to create structures from all kinds of materials, researchers said.
Source: http://tech.firstpost.com/
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
WASHINGTON, March 31 Democrats are trying to counter Republican President Donald Trump's boldest move yet to defang the U.S. consumer financial watchdog, with 40 current and former lawmakers on Friday defending the agency in court.
Two weeks ago the Trump administration took the unusual step of arguing a federal agency does not hew to the Constitution when it filed a legal brief opposing the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's appeal of a ruling that its structure is unconstitutional.
The ruling also had said the president should have the power to fire the agency's head at will. Under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that created the CFPB to protect individuals against financial fraud, the president can only fire the director for cause.
On Friday that law's authors, former representative Barney Frank and former senator Chris Dodd, as well as the most powerful Senate Democrat, Chuck Schumer, and the most powerful one in the House, Nancy Pelosi, shot back.
Congress carefully considered how to establish an agency to protect Americans' finances after the 2007-09 crisis and recession, they argued in the brief, which also was signed by the House Financial Services Committee's top Democrat, Maxine Waters.
"Lawmakers determined that it needed two key attributes to fulfill its mission: independence, and the ability to act promptly and decisively in response to new threats to consumers,” they wrote.
The CFPB director is currently Obama appointee Richard Cordray, hailed by consumer advocates for taking action against predatory lenders but criticized by Wall Street executives and Republicans for wielding too much power.
Democratic lawmakers and states' attorneys general previously asked to represent the CFPB in the appeal, which was filed while Barack Obama was president, over concerns Trump would undermine its position but they were rebuffed. The CFPB can represent itself in legal cases except those before the Supreme Court, putting Trump in a rare predicament: they cannot withdraw the appeal.
The flurry of briefs filed by CFPB defenders this week in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit show civil rights and consumer advocates are gearing up for the next battle.
If the court agrees the agency is unconstitutional, Trump is expected not to take the case to the Supreme Court, fire Cordray and put a more sympathetic director in. If the court reverses the ruling, Trump's Justice Department could argue against the agency at the Supreme Court. (Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Bill Trott)
April 10 Exco Resources Inc
* Exco Resources executes agreement to divest south texas oil and natural gas properties
* Exco Resources Inc- purchase price of $300 million is subject to customary closing conditions
* Exco Resources-properties to be divested include interests in oil & natural gas properties,surface acreage in zavala, frio and dimmit counties in Texas
* Exco Resources - intends to use proceeds to fund drilling, development of its core haynesville and bossier shale assets in North Louisiana and East Texas
* Exco Resources - after closing of sale, borrowing base under company's revolving credit agreement will be $100 million
* Exco Resources Inc - next borrowing base redetermination under credit agreement is set to occur in november 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN Negotiations about a future free trade agreement between Britain and the European Union can take place only after the contours of the Brexit divorce talks are clear, a spokesperson for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday.
Steffen Seibert said Merkel had noted the close relationship between Britain and the EU, adding "in the negotiations it must first be clarified how this interconnection is orderly unbundled."
They told a regular government news conference that Germany would look carefuly at the EU's draft on how the bloc's remaining 27 members want to negotiate Brexit.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
FILE PHOTO: A Hyundai electric car is seen during the 15th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition in Shanghai April 21, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
YONGIN, South Korea's Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) is developing its first dedicated architecture for electric vehicles, an executive told Reuters, seeking to catch up with the likes of Tesla in the growing segment with multiple, long-range models.
While the platform will not be completed soon, Hyundai Motor and affiliate Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS) plan to roll out small electric sport utility vehicles (SUVs) based on an existing underpinning next year, said Lee Ki-sang, who leads Hyundai-Kia's green cars operations.
The separate platform represents a major push into the battery electric-car segment for a firm which has long trumpeted rival fuel-cell vehicles, reflecting strong investor pressure to compete more vigorously in a market that has been stimulated by U.S.-based Tesla Inc's (TSLA.O) longer-range models.
Industry executives also say tough fuel-economy and emissions regulations in the United States, Europe and China are compelling automakers to push fuel-efficient cars even though low oil prices have undercut demand.
Hyundai's electric-car platform would allow the automaker to install a battery pack in vehicle floors to accommodate more battery capacity and maximize cabin space, Lee said.
"The electric-vehicle platform will require high up-front investments but we are doing this to prepare for the future," they said at Hyundai-Kia's green car research center in the city of Yongin, outside Seoul. They did not reveal the cost.
Lee, a senior vice-president at Hyundai Motor, was speaking during an interview on the eve of an auto show that kicked off in Seoul on Thursday.
Analysts said Hyundai had no choice but to join the likes of Tesla, General Motors Co (GM.N) and Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE) unit Mercedes-Benz in building separate electric-vehicle platforms to be relevant in the segment.
"The separate platform may incur losses initially, but Hyundai will be left behind the market if they don't offer long-distance models, like 300 km, 500 km and 600 km," said Ko Tae-bong, an analyst at Hi Investment & Securities.
Hyundai Motor said in a statement on Thursday that it plans to launch a new luxury electric vehicle under its Genesis marque in 2021, after introducing a plug-in hybrid version of an unidentified Genesis model in 2019.
CAUTIOUS OUTLOOK
Hyundai will launch an electric SUV, followed by a sibling model by Kia Motors next year, Lee said, citing strong demand for SUVs.
The subcompact or compact models would have a range of more than 300 km (186 miles) per charge, and would be "more competitive" than rival offerings, Lee said.
Hyundai Motor's IONIQ hybrid sedan fell short of its sales target, while Kia's Niro hybrid SUV exceeded its forecast last year.
Kia Motors was also working on its first fuel cell vehicle, following Hyundai Motor's lead in the segment, Lee said.
Despite Hyundai's beefed-up plans for the electric car market, Lee was cautious about the outlook given the planned phase-out of government subsidies in China and other markets.
Limited charging infrastructure and problems with battery technology, such as lengthy charge times on long-range vehicles, were also holding back demand, they said.
Lee expected electric vehicles to account for about 10 percent of total global vehicle sales by 2025, from some 1 percent now, with China leading the way. Fuel-cell cars, by comparison, were unlikely to take off until 2025 but had long-term potential.
In China, Hyundai Motor was considering sourcing batteries from Contemporary Amperex Technology Ltd (CATL) or a couple of other Chinese firms, because of subsidy restrictions on South Korean batteries, they said.
As part of efforts to meet Chinese electric car quotas, Hyundai and Kia planned to introduce electric versions of its China-exclusive sedans and SUVs, while readying electrified models under local brands made with Chinese joint venture partners, they said.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Stephen Coates)
A security expert is calling out a Hunterville festival saying it should take responsibility for an incident in which a man fell from a cliff whilst trying to gain entry after hours.
The man in their 20s was taken to Palmerston North Hospital in a critical condition after plunging 70m down a cliff after trying to get into the Kiwiburn festival near Hunterville last Friday.
The following night, a second man also fell - this time 100m - from the same spot. Both men were airlifted to hospital after challenging rescues.
Paul (not their real name), who has over 20 years' experience managing security at festivals all over the New Zealand, said both incidents could have been prevented if Kiwiburn had met its health and safety obligations.
Paul is a close friend of the first man who fell, who is now fighting for their life, and has been by their hospital bed supporting them and the family.
Advertisement
They said their friend was transferred to Wellington Hospital on Thursday in a stable condition with serious injuries. The man lives in Wellington.
"He has two broken vertebrae in their neck, a broken pelvis and a broken shoulder. It's pretty bad, they came pretty close to death."
Paul said that the whole story had not been told.
Their friend had flown into Auckland from Thailand especially for the festival. They hitched a ride with a group of girls who were also going to the festival but they didn't arrive until 3am on Friday.
All of their gear was already inside the festival with other friends.
The gates closed at midnight and the group were denied entry, despite having tickets and explaining why they were late.
They left, and drove halfway down the driveway where they had planned to sleep for the night.
Paul said their friend had been to Kiwiburn many times before, they had a ticket and didn't want to miss out.
"He knew the river was close by and they could try to get in that way."
Unfortunately, they crossed a fence, slipped and fell through thick bush down the cliff at Vinegar Hill Domain, south of Hunterville.
The founder of Kiwiburn - New Zealand's version of the Burning Man festival in Nevada - Mark Stirling denied Kiwiburn had any responsibility for the accident as it happened outside of the festival site.
"He decided that they wanted to break the rules, and unfortunately paid the price."
But Paul said they did not feel the festival had met the minimum health and safety requirements.
"Part of legislation from Worksafe New Zealand refers to any person conducting a business undertaking to have reasonable practicums to ensure the safety of any patron or person involved. I don't feel Kiwiburn has done that."
Paul said all the other festivals they had worked for that were running for more than 24 hours had every gate manned and they always made exceptions to the rules.
"There is always different circumstances. I've been involved in festivals way in the middle of nowhere. Someone might get a flat tyre or have travelled miles to be at your festival and you can always make an exception to ensure their safety."
They said there were people who would spend two days planning a way to get in and they would have people monitoring the area to ensure their safety.
There were 1800 people who attended the event and six security guards on duty each night of the festival, with two stationed at the entrance gate.
A Kiwiburn spokesperson said, despite the man having a valid ticket and being known by some of the volunteers, they arrived too late.
"Each incident occurred outside the festival site. Kiwiburn wishes both men a speedy recovery."
But Paul said for the same accident to happen within two days was a concern.
"I just don't want this kind of thing to happen ever again and this issue needs addressing."
NEW YORK, March 31 The New York State Senate could vote as early as Friday night on whether to stop automatically prosecuting and imprisoning offenders as young as 16 years old as adults.
If passed, the "raise the age" measure would increase the age of adult criminal responsibility to 18, eliminating New York as one of only two U.S. states still trying 16- and 17-year-olds as adults regardless of the crime.
North Carolina, the other holdout, is also considering measures to raise the age of criminal responsibility.
Republican and Democratic senators clashed on Friday over the measure, which has been proposed as part of the state's $152 billion budget. Some Republicans proposed separating it from the rest of the budget, while many Democrats said they would only pass a budget if it included the measure.
"We will not vote on the budget without raise the age," Democratic Senator Velmanette Montgomery said in a statement. "Our children deserve more than a slogan. They deserve comprehensive reform."
It was not immediately clear which details they disagreed on, and the latest version of the measure has not been made public.
Under one recent proposal, juveniles accused of misdemeanors and nonviolent felonies would be tried in family court, while those charged with more serious crimes would go to a special criminal court for youths. Juveniles would also be barred from adult jails and prisons.
Critics of the proposal say it could threaten public safety.
Ulster County District Attorney Holley Carnright said this week it would make it harder to prosecute violent gang members, many of whom are under 18. The "raise the age" initiative would also make it more difficult to interview underage witnesses of crimes, Carnright said.
The effort is part of a larger trend to safeguard juvenile offenders.
In January 2015, former President Barack Obama banned solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons. Announcing the change, Obama cited the case of Kalief Browder, a 16-year-old held in solitary confinement for nearly two years at New York's troubled Riker's Island penitentiary.
Browder, who was wrongly arrested on suspicion of stealing a backpack, attempted suicide multiple times while imprisoned. They took their own life after being released.
Riker's Island officials last year said they would stop using solitary confinement to punish 16- and 17-year-olds. (Additional reporting by Hilary Russ; Ediring by Daniel Wallis and James Dalgleish)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department's third-ranking official, Tom Shannon, said on Thursday they were stepping down, the latest senior career diplomat to exit since President Donald Trump took office a year ago.
Shannon, who serves as under secretary of state for political affairs, is the most senior career diplomat at the State Department and has been a fixture among the nation's diplomatic ranks during more than 34 years of service spanning six presidents and 10 secretaries of state.
In a letter to department staff, Shannon, 60, said they were resigning for personal reasons.
“My decision is personal, and driven by a desire to attend to my family, take stock of my life, and set a new direction for my remaining years,” Shannon wrote in a note to staff after informing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday of their decision to retire.
Shannon worked recently on some of the most complex and sensitive issues, including Iran's compliance with the landmark nuclear deal and Washington's fraught relations with Russia.
Their departure is part of a steady stream of senior career diplomats who have left since Trump became president. It will deprive the State Department of a seasoned veteran at a time when the United States is grappling with crises on several fronts, most notably North Korea's nuclear threat.
Shannon's calm demeanour, language skills and decades of experience made them a frequent choice for some of the thorniest assignments.
Addressing students at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, hours after their retirement was announced, Shannon emphasized they were not stepping down for political reasons.
“Events in my own life have taught me that while I was blessed in many ways, one thing I don't have enough of right now is time,” they told students.
They acknowledged that political transitions in Washington were difficult for career civil servants, but said the number of those at the State Department who had left for political reasons was “quite small.”
They added: “Which doesn't mean that we haven't been hurt by the loss of some of our officers. We certainly have.”
Shannon represented the United States at the inauguration of Liberia's new president, George Weah, shortly after reported remarks by Trump that immigrants from Africa and Haiti come from “shithole” countries.
Shannon, who was ambassador to Brazil from 2005 to 2009 and served in posts in Cameroon, Gabon and Johannesburg, was tasked by former President Barack Obama in 2015 with improving acrimonious relations with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
They were seen as a stabilizing force after Trump and Tillerson took office with a promise to downsize the State Department. They had to manage growing dissent among career diplomats over the new president's policies that antagonized Muslim nations and long-time allies in Europe and in Mexico.
The forcing out of many senior diplomats, the failure to nominate or to win Senate confirmation for officials to fill key agency roles, and a perception that Tillerson is inaccessible have eroded morale, according to current officials.
The State Department's under secretary of state for public affairs, Steve Goldstein, said Shannon's departure was not related to low morale and called them “an amazing man.”
Tillerson in November said they were offended by claims that the State Department was being hollowed out under Trump, saying it was functioning well despite scathing criticism from former American diplomats including Nicholas Burns and Ryan Crocker.
In a statement on Thursday, Tillerson congratulated Shannon on a distinguished career, saying, “His time was well spent.”
“I particularly appreciate their depth of knowledge, the role they played during the transition ... and their contributions to our strategy process over the past year,” Tillerson said.
In their note, Shannon said they had agreed to stay on until a successor had been named and to ensure a smooth transition.
São Paulo, March 28 Neymar shrugged off some rough tackling and a missed penalty to score a brilliant solo goal as they led Brazil to a 3-0 win over Paraguay that moved them within sight of the 2018 World Cup finals on Tuesday.
It was Brazil's eighth consecutive win in qualifying and ensures they will finish the 10-nation group in at least fifth place, which would be enough for a playoff against a team from Oceania for a berth at the Russia finals.
Brazil leads the standings on 33 points with four matches to play, 11 points ahead of arch-rivals Argentina, who slipped back into fifth after a 2-0 defeat away to Bolivia without suspended captain Lionel Messi. The top four teams qualify automatically.
Paraguay is in seventh spot on 18 points.
The early part of the match was marked by a string of fouls on Neymar but the first big chance was a breakaway by Paraguay's Derlis Gonzalez, who hurried their shot and put the ball wide.
Midfielder Hernan Perez missed another chance for Paraguay before Philippe Coutinho opened the scoring for the hosts in the 34th minute at the Corinthians Arena.
The Liverpool playmaker played a neat one-two with Paulinho before curling a low, left-foot shot past goalkeeper Anthony Silva and inside the far corner.
Neymar was awarded a penalty after being brought down early in the second half but their stop-start run-up failed to deceive Silva and the keeper saved with a dive to their right then blocked their effort with the rebound.
Stung by the miss, Neymar made up for it 10 minutes later, scampering down the left wing from inside their own half, skipping tackles and driving into the box before beating a wrong-footed Silva with a shot that took a deflection off a defender.
Neymar, who thought they had a second goal when they picked up a rebound off a teammate in an offside position and put the ball in the net, came in for some more heavy treatment from Paraguay, who hardly troubled Brazil goalkeeper Alisson in the second half.
Left back Marcelo put the icing on the cake with another fine goal in the closing minutes for Brazil, who extended their South American qualifying record with the victory.
(Reporting by Rex Gowar; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Canadian home prices rise in May as Toronto climbs -Teranet
OTTAWA, June 14 Canadian home prices rose in May as Toronto remained robust despite recent government efforts to cool the market, while prices in Vancouver picked back up to hit a fresh peak, data showed on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Endo International Plc
* Endo International Plc announces plan to refinance existing credit agreement
* Endo International Plc - new credit facilities are expected to be guaranteed by Endo and certain of its subsidiaries
* Endo International Plc - transactions, if completed, would not be expected to materially change Endo's total debt
* Endo International Plc - intends to use proceeds, together with net proceeds of other debt (which may be secured), to repay all outstanding loans and other obligations
* Endo International Plc - intends to use net proceeds of new credit facilities, together with net proceeds of other debt to repay all outstanding loans Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects water temperature to 50 degrees Farenheit from 41 degrees and corrects spelling of Celsius)
LONDON, April 6 Away from central London's hustle and bustle, a group of intrepid swimmers from the Serpentine Swimming Club (SSC) complete a morning ritual of plunging into the chilly waters of Hyde Park.
From 6:30 a.m. (0530 GMT) each day come rain or shine - or even ice - members enjoy the refreshing temperatures of the Serpentine Lido while others start their commute to work, sharing the dark waters in one of the city's largest parks with a few inquisitive swans.
On Thursday, a black board by the side of the pool warned the waters were a cool 50 degrees Farenheit (10 degrees Celsius) with a dog watching from the pontoon as the swimmers jumped in.
"Swimming pools are hot, sweaty, there is a lot of noise. People who like swimming usually like swimming outside," the club's President Robin Hunter Coddington said. "We don't like wetsuits."
"If you like swimming, the fewer clothes the better."
The SSC is the oldest swimming club in Britain, the Royal Parks said, with the club organising races on Saturdays for potential new recruits. (Reporting by Marine Hass)
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 11:00 am: Budget session of Parliament continues in New Delhi. 6:00 pm: Federal cabinet meets in New Delhi. GMF: LIVECHAT - EURO ZONE OUTLOOK We take a look at the economic outlook for the euro zone at 2:30 pm with Ben May, senior euro zone economist at Oxford Economics. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • India central bank seen holding rates, not pulling another surprise The Reserve Bank of India has pulled surprises at its last three policy meetings, so another can't be ruled out at Thursday's review, but analysts uniformly expect no change in interest rates. • India, Britain talks up post-Brexit trade prospects India and Britain on Tuesday talked up their prospects of developing a new trading relationship, as their finance ministers met to prepare for the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. • Infosys founder criticises pay hike for operations chief A dispute between the founders and the board of software services company Infosys Ltd over governance spilled into public again on Monday, as founder N.R. Narayana Murthy criticised a pay hike for Chief Operating Officer Pravin Rao. • Indian fertiliser companies to raise potash prices after subsidy cut Indian fertiliser companies will soon raise potash prices after the government last week cut subsidies by 20 percent for the current financial year, officials said. • India's SBI sees cost savings, no bad loans surprise after merger with units State Bank of India, the nation's top lender by assets, expects no nasty surprises on bad loans after merging five subsidiary banks with itself at the weekend in a deal that will help it save costs and gain scale, senior executives said. • Snapdeal looking to raise $100 mln from SoftBank, other investors Indian online retailer Snapdeal is looking to raise just over $100 million from existing shareholders including Japan's SoftBank and new investors, its chief financial officer said. • India's Dr Reddy's says U.S. FDA raises fresh concerns at Srikakulam drug plant India's Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd said on Tuesday that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has outlined two more concerns with the company's Srikakulam drug-making plant after an inspection of the facility. • WhatsApp mulls foray into digital payments with India launch Instant messaging app WhatsApp, owned by Facebook Inc, is mulling a foray into digital payment services in India, its first such offering globally, and has advertised to hire a digital transactions lead in the country. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Scores reported killed in gas attack on Syrian rebel area A suspected Syrian government chemical attack killed scores of people, including children, in the northwestern province of Idlib on Tuesday, a monitoring group, medics and rescue workers in the rebel-held area said. • N.Korea test-fires missile into sea ahead of Trump-Xi summit North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast, South Korea's military said, ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders who are set to discuss Pyongyang's arms programme. • Fed's Lacker leaves U.S. central bank over leak of market-sensitive news Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker abruptly left the U.S. central bank on Tuesday after admitting that a conversation they had with a Wall Street analyst in 2012 may have disclosed confidential information about Fed policy options. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,294.50, trading up 0.16 pct from its previous close. • The Indian rupee will likely open lower against the dollar, weighed down by caution ahead of the central bank's policy review at home and weak risk appetite before U.S. President Donald Trump meets their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. • Indian government bonds are likely to trade largely unchanged, as investors may slow activity ahead of the outcome of a two-day Monetary Policy Committee meeting that starts today. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.62 pct-6.68 pct band today. The bond had closed at 102.22 rupees, yielding 6.65 pct, on Apr. 3. GLOBAL MARKETS • U.S. stocks were little changed on Tuesday, as investors stayed on the sidelines ahead of the first-quarter earnings season and fretted about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on tax reform and other promises. • Asian stocks are set for a cautious start as investors move to the sidelines before a potentially tense meeting between Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week. • The dollar regained some traction against the yen in Asian trade, but remained under pressure after North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea. • Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields touched their lowest in more than five weeks on Tuesday before reversing course to trade little changed on doubts about the ability of U.S. President Donald Trump to enact fiscal stimulus. • Oil prices climbed on signs of gradual tightening in a market bloated by years of overproduction that has left storage tanks around the world brimming with unsold fuel. • Gold prices held firm near one-month highs hit the day before, with appetite for risk easing ahead of a meeting this week between the leaders of the United States and China. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.93/64.96 April 3 -- $717.93 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.05 Month-to-date $5.23 bln -- Year-to-date $6.78 bln $6.19 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 65.0700 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru)
(Updates source to company statement)
CAIRO, March 28 Telecom Egypt's board has chosen Ahmed El Beheiry as the state-owned landline monopoly's new chief executive officer, the company said in a statement on Tuesday.
Two company sources had earlier told Reuters that Chief Executive Officer Tamer Gadallah would step down and that a new CEO would be appointed at the next board meeting. Maged Osman would remain as chairperson, they said.
The sources also said the company's shareholders approved a dividend of 1 Egyptian pound ($0.0549) per share for 2016.
Telecom Egypt reported this month an 11 percent decline in 2016 net profit. It made a net profit of 2.672 billion Egyptian pounds in 2016 compared to 2.999 billion a year earlier.
The firm reported a loss of 513 million pounds in the fourth quarter, down from a profit of 862 million pounds in the same period a year earlier.
In August the company said it acquired the country's first 4G mobile license at a cost of 7.08 billion pounds, paving the way for it to become the fourth mobile provider in Egypt.
($1 = 18.2000 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Ahmed Aboulenein; Editing by Eric Knecht and Maha El Dahan)
May 3 Hiag Immobilien Holding AG
* Successfully issues a 150 million Swiss francs ($151.32 million) fixed-rate bond
* Issued a third fixed-rate bond amounting to 150 million Swiss francs with a coupon of 0.8 pct and maturity of 5 years
* Proceeds are to be used primarily for repayment of bank financing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9913 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON The tug of war over the direction of ECB policy spilled into public last night as Germany's two representatives on its main policy-making body - Jens Weidmann and Sabine Lautenschlaeger - urged it to prepare to wind down its aggressive stimulus policy as soon as economic conditions allow it.
Its chief economist Peter Praet immediately shot back with comments that such a move would be premature, backing the ECB's current guidance that rates will stay at the current level, or even fall, until well after the ECB's bond-purchase programme ends. The ECB's policy-setting Governing Council meets in a month's time, still possibly too early for a clear change in tone. But with the euro zone economy starting to look increasingly healthy, the hawks will be sharpening their arguments in the months to come.
The major candidates for the French presidential election Emmanuel Macron, Marine Le Pen and Francois Fillon all present their economic programmes to the Medef employer's federation today. All will be hoping the influential group will give them the "business-friendly" imprimatur.
Meanwhile, Benoit Hamon, the candidate of the ruling Socialist Party, travels to Berlin to have their meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel, who has said they will meet all the main contenders apart from Le Pen. Hamon will visit a refugee centre, in a nod of support to Merkel's decision in 2015 to open the doors to many thousands of Syrian and other refugees.
A day before British PM Theresa May is due to pull the Brexit trigger, the Scottish assembly in Edinburgh is due to grant First Minister Nicola Sturgeon authority to demand a second independence referendum.
MARKETS AT 0755 GMT
World markets appear reluctant to throw in the towel on global reflation trades despite U.S. President Donald Trump's setback last week in failing to push through their healthcare proposals. That's partly due to hopes the new administration will now prioritise their more market-sensitive tax cut plan but also because incoming economic activity readings and earnings projections worldwide continue to impress regardless of creeping doubts in Washington about Trump's ability to deliver on campaign promises.
But with White House officials on Monday saying they're eyeing an August target date for tax reform and many economists now doubting the extent of what Trump can get through Congress, the fizz from the fiscal stimulus story at least looks to be going flat.
After hitting its lowest level since mid February on Monday, the S&P500 rebounded to close just 0.1 percent lower and the Nasdaq actually closed higher on the day. Major Asia stock markets were mostly higher earlier, with Tokyo outperforming as the dollar bounced against the yen but with HK and Seoul up too. Shanghai and Jakarta bucked the trend, but the broad MSCI emerging markets index is higher on the day.
More generally the sweep of so-called “Trumpflation” trades, which have been steadily unwound over recent weeks, have stabilized somewhat. The dollar index is higher and euro/dollar has retreated after Tuesday's brief pop above $1.09 for the first time since November. Ten-year Treasury yields are a touch higher too at 2.38 percent and Brent crude oil prices firmed to just under $51.
A day before formal Brexit talks are due to start between the UK and the European Union, sterling is mostly steady – slipping back from six-week highs against a generally firmer dollar but holding its own against the euro.
The other early mover is the South African rand, which dropped another 2 percent on Tuesday to add to Monday's losses of more than 2 percent. Local markets are still reeling from President Jacob Zuma's decision to suddenly recall finance minister Pravin Gordhan from their investor roadshow in London. Speculation is swirling about whether Gordhan, trusted as a steady hand by many foreign investors, will lose their job in a possible cabinet reshuffle. Local benchmark bond yields shooting up 1 percent towards the 9 percent mark and levels last seen nearly 7 weeks ago.
(Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
DUBAI, April 9 Intesa Sanpaolo, Italy's biggest bank by market value, said on Sunday that it had set up new branches in Abu Dhabi and Doha as part of plans to expand its corporate and investment banking and trade finance business.
The bank, which already operates a regional hub in Dubai, will focus on structured export finance services as well as oil and gas, fashion and luxury and infrastructure and transport, it said.
Intesa Sanpaolo has had a presence in the Gulf since 2008 and last year was involved in a $4 billion syndicated loan for Petroleum Development Oman (PDO), Oman's top oil and gas exploration and production company.
(Reporting By Tom Arnold. Editing by Jane Merriman)
FILE PICTURE: FC Barcelona's Rafinha Alcantara celebrates after scoring against Paris St Germain during their friendly soccer match at Parc des Princes stadium in Paris August 4, 2012. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
MADRID, April 3 - Barcelona midfielder Rafinha Alcantara will miss between three and four weeks with a knee injury, according to reports in Spain, a crucial period that includes the Champions League quarter-finals and the Clasico.
They were substituted after 16 minutes against Granada during the Catalans' 4-1 win on Sunday night in Andalusia, with tests revealing they have a small meniscus injury in their right knee.
This means the Brazilian is set to miss both legs of the Champions League quarter-final against Juventus and the Clasico at the Santiago Bernabeu against Real Madrid.
Barcelona released a statement saying they will examine them over the next 48 hours to see how the injury develops before deciding which steps to take to help their recovery.
Rafinha's injury could have a big impact at Camp Nou because Luis Enrique uses them as the right-winger in their 3-4-3 formation.
With Aleix Vidal, who would also be suitable for the role, also injured, the coach may revert to the 4-3-3 set-up they have utilised for most of their three-year tenure at the club.
Spanish newspaper Diario Sport says Rafinha is aiming to return for the Catalan derby clash with Espanyol on the final weekend of April.
Rafinha has suffered five injuries this season, with bruised ribs, an Achilles tendon problem, a fractured nose and a thigh problem the other setbacks, although they have still played 28 games and netted seven goals.
(Writing by Rik Sharma; editing by Mark Heinrich)
LONDON, April 5 British new car sales rose by 8 percent in March, usually the top-selling month of the year, compared with the same month last year, according to preliminary data released by an industry body on Wednesday.
Around one in five of all car purchases are made in March as it is only one of two occasions in the year when new licence plates are issued.
Sales are also likely to have been boosted as some consumers and businesses sought to avoid paying an increase in excise duty which came into force from April 1 for the most polluting vehicles.
Demand has continued to rise this year in Europe's second-biggest autos market, despite forecasts that sales would shrink by around 5 percent after two consecutive years of record highs and as Brexit begins to take its toll on consumer confidence.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders is due to publish its final figures at 0800 GMT.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Susan Thomas)
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 General Communication Inc:
* General communication - subject to terms and conditions of reorganization agreement, liberty will pay gci a termination fee of $65 million - sec filing
* General Communication Inc - subject to terms and conditions of reorganization agreement, GCI will pay liberty a termination fee of $40 million Source text - bit.ly/2oZZZ0z Further company coverage:
April 5 Zeder Investments Ltd:
* Sees FY recurring headline earnings per share between 42.2 cents and 43.0 cents, or between 0.5 pct lower or 1.4 pct higher
* Sees FY headline loss per share between 47.0-48.0 cents, versus HEPS of 36.5 cents reported year ago Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
LONDON, April 4 British Prime Minister Theresa May must prove that "no deal is better than a bad deal" by offering an economic assessment on the impact of leaving the European Union with no agreement, a parliamentary committee said on Tuesday.
Just days after May triggered the formal divorce procedure with the European Union, the committee, made up of lawmakers from the prime minister's Conservatives and other parties, also called on the government to publish its contingency planning for failing to strike a deal after two years of talks.
May enters the unprecedented talks with an ambitious game plan, wanting "frictionless" trade and good cooperation with the bloc while gaining control over immigration and returning sovereignty -- a wish list EU officials have balked at.
But they have also said they are prepared to walk away from the talks without a deal rather than accepting a "bad" one, a term their government has so far declined to elaborate on despite fears among manufacturers over new trade barriers if Britain has to revert to World Trade Organization rules.
"Without an economic impact assessment of 'no deal' and without evidence that steps are being taken to mitigate the damaging effect of such an outcome, the government's assertion that 'no deal is better than a bad deal' is unsubstantiated," said Hilary Benn, chairperson of the Committee on Exiting the EU.
"Parliament must be in an informed position to decide whether a proposed deal is, in fact, better or worse than no deal," they added in a statement.
May has been reticent about what they hope to achieve in the talks so as not to give their hand away. But government officials, lawmakers and analysts say privately that they believe they have some strong cards to play, while also hoping that EU officials will favour pragmatism over punishment. (Reporting by Elizabeth Piper; editing by Stephen Addison)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Crowds protesting the forced retirement of the Supreme Court head, Małgorzata Gersdorf, and of some of its judges as part of a judicial overhaul implemented by Poland's right-wing ruling party, that has put it at odds with the European Union, before the Supreme Court building in Warsaw, Poland, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Czarek Sokolowski AP Photo
Their son, Chris, says 94-year-old Bob Dorough died of natural causes Monday at their home in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania.
According to their biography, the jazz musician “set the multiplication tables to music” as musical director for the educational cartoon series between 1973 and 1985. It was revived from 1993 to 1999.
They also wrote the song “Devil May Care,” which jazz great Miles Davis recorded as an instrumental version.
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas. They headed to New York City after graduating from the University of North Texas in 1949. They eventually settled in Pennsylvania.
A funeral is tentatively scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel.
FOX4 included a few of our favorite Schoolhouse Rock songs below.
* AS ALL CLINICS HAVE THE CAPACITY TO TREAT MORE CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOY ADDITIONAL STAFF, SALES EFFORTS WILL BE INCREASED IN 2017
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
(Recasts with confirmation)
JOHANNESBURG, April 10 South Africa's bourse said on Monday it was investigating certain trades in the hours before former finance minister Pravin Gordhan was recalled from an international investor roadshow, days before they were dismissed from the government.
On March 27, news broke that President Jacob Zuma had ordered Gordhan to return immediately from a trip to Britain and the United States, roiling local markets. Gordhan was later dismissed in a cabinet reshuffle.
"The JSE (Johannesburg Stock Exchange) is reviewing trading in affected securities prior to the news of the recall ... as that news precipitated material moves in the value of numerous listed securities including currency futures," JSE Limited , which operates the bourse, said in a statement.
“As a matter of procedure the JSE Market Regulation Division reviews trading activity in its listed securities ahead of any market moving event to identify any activity which may warrant further investigation by the Department of Market Abuse at the Financial Services Board (FSB)," it said.
It added it would forward its findings to the FSB once they are finalised. The rand weakened by about 2.5 percent ahead of the news, according to Thomson Reuters data, falling further after the recall was confirmed.
Speculation of large bets on currency futures at around the same time as Gordhan's recall surfaced, causing market watchers to speculate the currency was being "shorted", local media reported.
Short-selling refers to the selling of instruments that have been borrowed, in anticipation of a fall in prices. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by Ed Stoddard/Jermey Gaint)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
March 31 ITALEAF SPA
* REG-ITALEAF: TERNIENERGIA EXTENDED CONTRACT WITH ECOPNEUS FOR DELIVERY OF END OF LIFE TIRES UP TO DECEMBER 2018
* ACCORDING TO CONTRACT EXTENSION, TERNIENERGIA CAN TREAT UP TO 15,000 TONS OF ELT DELIVERED ONLY BY ECOPNEUS FOR AN ANNUAL DELIVERY TARIFF OF AROUND EURO 1.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
What's good about it?
The Michael Kors Blacked Out Runway Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch shines in the sun; looks very sleek and stylish but above all, flaunts a very masculine design that makes it outstanding from every aspect and stops it from fading into the background. Anyone with a penchant for turning their style into the talk of the town shall be swayed immensely with this great looking watch.
About the look
A highly fashionable wrist-wear, the Michael Kors Blacked Out Runway Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch looks absolutely fabulous due to the black ion-plating. It's a chronograph watch but unlike many others, it can be worn at formal settings and that makes you stand out from the crowd.
A short description:
The Michael Kors Blacked Out Runway Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch shares the same sleek statement in its design that made Michael Kors famous. A sumptuous use of on-trend materials in a classic design gives the Michael Kors Blacked Out Runway Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch a modern edge, making it possible to wear this piece on a 24/7 basis. The beautiful finish gives this watch a truly distinctive appearance and the black ion plating on the bracelet, the case and on the dial makes it stand out from the rest in the price category.
The round black dial houses 3 sub-dials (for chronograph functions), a date window (between 4 and 5 o'clock positions) and prominent hour and minute markers. Beneath the dial is a reliable quartz movement that keeps accurate time. Measuring 45 mm across, the Michael Kors Blacked Out Runway Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch is water resistant up to 100m or 300 feet.
What you'll like about it?
Undoubtedly, it's the meeting of the height of form with time-splitting function that is going to bowl you over. The detailing in an all-black finish is done with utmost precision, while the use of substantial materials promises a longstanding durability. A design that goes with both formal and casual attires, the Michael Kors Channing Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch lends an air of polished masculinity to both your busy workweek and easy weekend looks.
That comes down to…
If you have been looking for a watch for a while and couldn't find a suitable style to fit both business and pleasure, which also looks different from the rest, the Michael Kors Chronograph MK8157 Mens Watch will put your frantic search to an end. It has a comfortable heft which is not found in too many fashion watches and its double-over clasp gives you peace of mind, assuring you that it's not going to come off abruptly. And if you think black-on-black is hard to read, it's just a tilt towards the light that's required to fix that issue.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
March 31 Assets at the Exchange Fund, which is used to back the Hong Kong dollar, totalled HK$3,825.0 billion ($492.29 billion) at the end of February, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) said on Friday.
The figure was HK$48.9 billion higher than the total at the end of January, with foreign currency assets and Hong Kong dollar assets rising HK$41.7 billion and HK$7.2 billion respectively, the city's de facto central bank said in a statement.
The HKMA said the rise in foreign currency assets was mainly due to mark-to-market gains on foreign currency portfolios, the purchase of foreign currencies with Hong Kong dollars and an increase in unsettled purchase of securities.
These increases were partly offset by the redemption of certificates of indebtedness.
The rise in Hong Kong dollar assets was mainly due to the increase in exchange fund bills and notes issued but not yet settled, which was partly offset by the sale of Hong Kong dollars for foreign currencies.
($1 = 7.7698 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Twinnie Siu in HONG KONG; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Fan favourite Fred Couples vowed to return next year to the tournament they love after completing their 32nd U.S. Masters on Sunday.
The 57-year-old American admitted to feeling fatigued after finishing equal 18th at one-over 289, but said the applause that greeted them as they walked up the back nine gave them a lift.
"It's a fun, great tournament," they told reporters. "I enjoy it and I'll be back next year."
Couples, who missed most of the last season with back issues, credits a specialist they brought with them to Augusta for helping them endure the taxing four rounds.
"It was very good to bring them here, and they were a big help."
Couples, who is a one their only Green Jacket 25 years ago, last won a PGA Tour event in 2003 at the Houston Open.
But they have also had 12 wins on the Champions Tour, including one this year.
WASHINGTON, April 6 One of President Donald Trump's top economic advisers has expressed support for a new version of the Glass-Steagall banking law, which would separate commercial and investment banking activities, a White House spokesperson said Thursday.
Gary Cohn, Trump's director of the National Economic Council, reiterated Trump's previously stated support on the campaign trail for a "21st century Glass-Steagall" during a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday, the spokesperson said. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch and Pete Schroeder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is expecting Gabriel Jesus to make a sooner-than-expected return after the young Brazil striker broke a bone in their foot during the Premier League win over Bournemouth last month.
Jesus, 19, who was initially expected to miss the rest of the season, made an immediate impact after their transfer from Palmeiras in January, scoring three goals in five games and forming a promising understanding with wingers Raheem Sterling and Leroy Sané.
"The crutches are gone. They have started to work and hopefully they will start to run and then help us in the last games of the season," Guardiola told reporters on Friday.
City, who are third in the table, travel to sixth-placed Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday in a vital game between sides chasing a top-four finish.
Arsenal have lost ground in the race to qualify for next season's Champion League after losing four of their last five league games, but Guardiola urged their side not to take the north London club for granted.
"When you lose a lot of games it is a more dangerous moment to face them. I would prefer Arsenal to be winning a lot," the Spaniard added.
"They are so professional, (Arsenal manager) Arsene (Wenger) is professional and the Arsenal players as well. They want to win every game, so I don't think it is a big problem. Everybody knows them. Arsenal is a top team."
City midfielder Kevin De Bruyne, defender Pablo Zabaleta and Sterling have recovered from minor knocks to be included in the squad.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
* TSX down 254.89 points, or 1.61 percent, at 15,606.03 * All of the TSX's 10 main groups were trading lower (Updates share prices) TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Canada's main stock index slumped to a four-month low on Friday, with natural resource shares leading broad based declines as commodity prices dropped and higher bond yields pressured global equity markets. U.S. crude prices were down 1.1 percent at $65.09 a barrel, while Brent crude lost 2 percent to $68.27. The energy group retreated 2.5 percent. Suncor Energy slipped 1.8 percent to C$43.81, and Canadian Natural Resources Ltd dropped 1.4 percent to C$41.88. The financials group slipped 1.2 percent. Bank of Nova Scotia gave back 0.9 percent to C$80.01, and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce lost 1.7 percent to C$119. The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 2.8 percent. Barrick Gold Corp slipped 3.7 percent to C$17.04, and Goldcorp Inc fell 2.9 percent to C$17.02. Gold futures fell 1.3 percent to $1,331.34 an ounce. Copper prices declined 0.6 percent to $7,079 a tonne. The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed down 254.89 points, or 1.61 percent, at 15,606.03, its biggest drop since May. All of the index's 10 main groups were in negative territory. (Reporting by John Tilak and Fergal Smith; Editing by Tom Brown)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, April 28 A court in China on Friday jailed a former chairperson of Baoshan Iron and Steel, who went on to become vice mayor of Shanghai, to 17 years for bribery and graft, a state broadcaster reported.
President Xi Jinping has waged war on graft for more than four years, vowing that all corrupt officials, from powerful "tigers" to lowly "flies", will be weeded out, and warning that a failure to do so could threaten the ruling Communist Party.
Ai Baojun had used their positions to amass more than 40 million yuan ($5.8 million) in assets from 2000 to 2014, a court in the southern city of Zhangzhou ruled, according to China Central Television (CCTV)
Ai is the most senior official from China's financial hub to be sentenced in the corruption campaign. They could not be reached for comment.
The court also ruled that 5.8 million yuan of Ai's personal assets be confiscated and returned to Baosteel and to Shanghai city, CCTV said.
Ai was given a lenient sentence due to actively providing details of their crimes, which they accepted and apologised for, the court said, adding that many of the bribes were accepted by relatives without their knowledge.
China's top anti-graft watchdog stripped Ai of their party and state positions in January 2016 after an investigation found them guilty of breaking party discipline rules, as well as the crimes they were sentenced for.
According to their official biography, Ai ran Shanghai-based Baoshan Iron and Steel from 1998 to 2007 before taking up a Shanghai vice mayor post until 2013.
They then became head administrator for Shanghai's free-trade zone, the first such zone on the Chinese mainland.
Dai Haibo, a deputy secretary of the Shanghai government and former deputy head of the free trade zone, was stripped of their post in May 2015, following an investigation by the anti-corruption watchdog.
Cui Jian, vice president of the Baosteel Group, the parent of Baoshan Iron and Steel, was placed under investigation in March 2015 on suspicion of "serious disciplinary violations," a euphemism for graft.
Baoshan Iron and Steel declined to comment. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel)
April 28 Beijing SL Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 FY 2017 to fluctuate by -15 percent to 10 percent, or to be 215.5 million yuan to 278.9 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in FY 2016 (253.6 million yuan)
* Comments that dropped growth rate of some products affected by industry policy is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/EVN6Gn
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
April 6Aier Eye Hospital Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 30 percent to 35 percent, or to be 154.2 million yuan to 160.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (118.6 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/CYrnaQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Preparing the Groundwork for the Next Generation: since many clients are corporate, the new focus will be to build on those existing relationships while increasing the company's reach and visibility with new clients outside of Southern California.
12
Contact
David Musso
323 954-2277
david@ggevents.com David Musso323 954-2277
End
-- An internationally recognized leader in the events and catering industry for thirty years, Good Gracious Events celebrates its anniversary with exciting changes. Laying the groundwork for the future, Pauline Parry, founder and company president, has set a course for focused and sustainable growth to take Good Gracious into its next thirty years. At the leading edge is a new business model and direction, which builds upon the company's culinary heritage. We are pleased to announce a new Chef de Cuisine, a Vice President role for Chef de Cuisine Emeritus Joanne Purnell, along with rejuvenated branding and a distinctively refreshed web site."We've always provided event production along with culinary expertise," says award-winning event planner, Pauline Parry. "We just never sold ourselves as such. After thirty years, I should imagine changing it up a little is a good thing." Since many of Good Gracious' clients are corporate, the new focus will be to build on those existing relationships while increasing the company's reach and visibility with new clients outside of Southern California who may not be as familiar with Good Gracious.As part of this new direction, the company recently launched a revamped web site that has received an overwhelmingly positive response from key industry professionals. Always pushing the envelope, always setting trends instead of following them, the approach to the web site was untraditional, of course. "It's clean, attractive and sophisticated. Not at all your run-of-the-mill web site", says General Manager David Musso. Along with this new look is a refreshed logo. "We wanted something with a personality and we wanted to use our exclamation point as an iconic mark. When you see it, you immediately think Good Gracious."Accompanying these changes is a major shift in the kitchen. Joanne Purnell, the renowned and award-winning Chef de Cuisine for almost twenty years, has taken on the role of Vice President, allowing David Bartnes to take charge of the stoves. "He's everything a creative chef and strong leader should be and he's a darn good cook," Purnell says. Chef Bartnes brings strong international experience from their work in Europe and Asia, having worked in both fine dining restaurants and hotel groups. They have even helmed their own restaurant - B.O.S. - a nose-to-tail concept in Los Angeles' Japantown."It's all fabulous," says Pauline. "And we're looking forward to building a strong foundation for the next generation to take the helm." If the past is any indication, Good Gracious will have a very bright future for years to come. Of course!About Good Gracious Events: Good Gracious Events is an award-winning event company specializing in corporate and social event production, wedding planning, and exquisite cuisine. GOOD GRACIOUS is renowned for its innovative, trendsetting style, attention to detail and incomparable quality. The company's producers create unforgettable celebrations that reflect each client's brand or personal zest for life. Visit us at http://www.ggevents.com
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of round 34 of the Premier League on April 22 and 23 (1400 GMT unless stated):
- - - -
April 22:
Bournemouth v Middlesbrough
*Middlesbrough have failed to win in their last 15 matches and their last 15 away matches.
*Middlesbrough have, however, won 10 of their 24 points away from home (seven draws and one win).
*Boro won their only other top flight meeting with Bournemouth 2-0 at the Riverside in October.
*Middlesbrough striker Rudy Gestede has won only one game in 46 Premier League appearances -- against Bournemouth for Aston Villa in August, 2015.
Bournemouth have not won in four games.
Hull City v Watford
*A win for Watford would equal their highest total of wins in a Premier League season (12).
*Hull are unbeaten in seven games at home.
*Watford won the October meeting 1-0 with a Michael Dawson own goal. They had 23 shots -- none on target.
*Watford have conceded at least one goal in each of their last 10 away games.
*Watford have lost their last three away games and haven't kept a clean sheet on the road in 10 games.
Swansea City v Stoke City
*Stoke have lost only one of their last seven Premier Leagues matches against Swansea.
*The Potters have failed to score in their last five away matches.
*Swansea are on a six-match winless run.
*Stoke forward Wilfried Bony has scored five times in this fixture -- three times for Swansea.
*Swansea are 18th in the league, two points away from safety.
West Ham United v Everton
*West Ham have won only one of their last 17 Premier Leagues encounters with Everton (5 draws, 11 losses).
*Hammers boss Slaven Bilic played for both clubs.
*Everton have scored in all of their last eight games.
*The Merseyside team are winless in their last five away games.
*Romelu Lukaku, the Premier League's top scorer, has scored in each of their previous nine games against West Ham.
April 23:
Burnley v Manchester United (1315)
*Burnley's total of 32 points from 16 home matches is the best by a promoted team in the Premier League since Charlton Athletic (34) in 2001.
*89 percent of Burnley's points have been earned at home. They have the sixth best home record in the Premier League.
*United are undefeated in 22 matches.
*Jose Mourinho's team have scored in each of their last nine away games.
*Only Chelsea and Manchester City have gained more points away from home than United (30).
Liverpool v Crystal Palace (1530)
*Liverpool are unbeaten in seven games
*Palace have earned 13 points from their last six Premier League matches. Only Spurs (18) and Liverpool (14) have done better.
*A Palace win would make them the first team since Chelsea in 2005 to win three Premier League matches in a row at Anfield.
*Liverpool's Roberto Firmino has scored in their last two Premier Leagues matches against Palace.
*Liverpool have scored in 94 percent of their home matches, including their last 13. (Reporting by Simon Evans)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
SYDNEY, April 28 A group backed by KKR & Co said on Friday it would not undertake further work on a takeover offer for Australia's Tatts Group after its A$6.15 billion ($4.60 billion) cash bid was rejected by the lottery operator's board.
Tatts shares fell 4.8 percent.
Tatts earlier on Friday said a rival offer from betting group Tabcorp Holdings Ltd was superior.
The KKR-backed group also includes Macquarie Group Ltd , Morgan Stanley Infrastructure and First State Superannuation Scheme. ($1 = 1.3380 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Edmund Klamann)
PRAGUE, May 3 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Wednesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================EVENTS================================= PRAGUE - Government parties meet to look for way forward after Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka's surprise decision on Tuesday to submit the cabinet's resignation to resolve a dispute with Finance Minister Andrej Babis, their political rival. Related stories: =========================NEWS=================================== POLITICS: Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka shocked Czechs on Tuesday by saying they and their cabinet would resign to resolve a dispute with their billionaire finance minister, a huge gamble before an election due in October. Story: Related stories: BUDGET: The Czech central state budget showed a 6.27 billion crowns ($254.77 million) surplus at the end of April, Finance Ministry data showed on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: CENBANK: The Czech central bank is likely to leave its key interest rate unchanged when the board meets on May 4, the first meeting since the bank let the crown's value float. No rate increase is likely until the first half of 2018, a Reuters poll showed on Tuesday. Story: Related stories: PEGAS: Pegas Nonwovens said R2G Wealth holds 5.3 percent of company stock and voting rights. Story: Related stories: CEZ: Utility CEZ said CIB Group was prepared to buy Prague-Pisnice apartments, offered price similar to past tender winner Story: Related stories: CEE MARKETS: Strong manufacturing surveys failed to lift most Central European currencies on Tuesday, with the crown easing after Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said they would resign along with the entire cabinet. Story: Related stories: ---------------------- MARKET SNAPSHOT ------------------------ Index/Crown Currency The Latest Prev Pct change close on day in 2017 vs Euro 26.886 27.018 0.49 0.45 vs Dollar 24.614 24.998 1.54 4.03 Czech Equities 1,001.98 1,001.98 -0.58 8.72 U.S. Equities 20,949.89 20,913.46 0.17 6.01 Pvs close or current levels vs prior domestic close at 1500 GMT =======================PRESS DIGEST============================ GOVERNMENT FALL: Business associations said the government's early resignation was not good news for firms. The Chamber of Commerce said there were several problems still left unsolved. Among other concerns is whether it will complicate drawing EU funds and the drawing up of a 2018 budget. Pravo, page 15 (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
Unilever Plc
* Unilever cfo says will struggle to get brazil volumes to rise this year, but do expect rise for latin america overall
* Unilever cfo says asia improvement helped by easing laundry battle and e-commerce growth in china, return of pricing growth overall Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Japanese importer demand limits dollar's downside
* US, Chinese leaders to discuss Pyongyang's arms development
* U.S. economy, Trump's policy agenda remain in focus
* Euro nurses losses after plumbing three-week lows
TOKYO, April 5 The dollar lost its grip on earlier gains against the yen on Wednesday, remaining under pressure after North Korea fired a ballistic missile into the sea ahead of a summit between U.S. and Chinese leaders.
Pyongyang's test-fire came just a day before U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping meet for talks on economic and security issues, and will include persuading North Korea to curb its arms development.
Though the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency tends to gain in times of geopolitical tension or risk aversion, the dollar got some help from Japanese importers on a "gotobi" date - the fifth day of the month and dates that are multiple of five- on which accounts are traditionally settled.
"Today, there is real demand for the dollar, on 'gotobi,' so its downside should be limited," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
But the concerns about the upcoming China-U.S. summit undermined the greenback, which is also under pressure from rising speculation that Trump will face challenges implementing their promised growth-boosting policies in the wake of their administration's failure to pass healthcare reform.
"People want to wait and see how Trump can carry out their promises when it comes to infrastructure" and tax reform, Ogino added.
The dollar edged down 0.1 percent to 110.64 yen, off from a session high of 110.92 and well below last Friday's 10-day peak of 112.19 yen.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a trade-weighted basket of six peers, was slightly down on the day at 100.52, as slumping U.S. Treasury yields also gave investors little incentive to buy the greenback.
The benchmark U.S. Treasury yield touched its lowest levels since February in overnight trade. It last stood at 2.349 percent in Asian trading, not far from its U.S. close of 2.350 percent. It had been trading at levels above 2.40 percent as recently as Monday.
Yields edged down as investors sought safety, even as investors expect more interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve this year. Solid U.S. data on Tuesday reinforced those expectations, showing the country's trade deficit fell more than expected in February, while separate figures showed factory orders rose for the third straight month.
Last week, Trump ordered a probe of the causes of U.S. trade deficits and tough measures for countries that evaded import duties.
"The foreign exchange market's main focus remains whether or not Trump can carry out their policies, and whether the U.S. economy will stay strong enough for the Fed to stick to the path of rate hikes," said Kumiko Ishikawa, FX market analyst at Sony Financial Holdings.
"Therefore, this week's U.S. jobs figures are still very important," they said.
Economists polled by Reuters predict the U.S. economy will have added 180,000 jobs in March.
The euro, meanwhile, edged up slightly to $1.0674 after plumbing a three-week low of $1.0636 on Tuesday.
The Australian dollar also crept higher to $0.7564, pulling away from a three-week low of $0.7545 hit in the previous session when investors pared bets that the Reserve Bank of Australia would hike rates this year.
Australia's central bank held rates steady for an eighth month on Tuesday as widely expected, but expressed concerns over soaring property prices and weak employment conditions. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Eric Meijer & Shri Navaratnam)
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle, Britain - August 13, 2017 Tottenham's Dele Alli celebrates scoring their first goal Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
Aug 13 (Reuters) - - NEWCASTLE UNITED 0 TOTTENHAM HOTSPUR 2
Tottenham Hotspur got their Premier League campaign on track with a clinical 2-0 win at 10-man Newcastle United on Sunday after Dele Alli scored one goal and helped create the other at St James's Park.
Having eased back into the top flight from the second-tier Championship, Newcastle held their own against last season's Premier League runners-up in the opening half but succumbed after Jonjo Shelvey was sent off in the 48th minute.
Shelvey got their marching orders for stomping on Alli and Spurs duly took advantage as the England midfielder, who pulled all the strings for the visitors, broke the deadlock on the hour when they steered in an inch-perfect cross by Christian Eriksen.
Alli, who helped Eriksen set up the other for Davies in the 70th minute, made light of Shelvey's petulant reaction.
"I'm sure he'll be disappointed," Alli told Sky Sports.
"It was important we stayed professional. I don't want to talk about it too much. I've been pulled up for my temper before but today we had to keep our cool. There was no need to react."
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle, Britain - August 13, 2017 Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino celebrates with Harry Kane at the end of the match Scott Heppell
Newcastle, whose fans incessantly booed their former midfielder Moussa Sissoko now playing for Spurs, missed their best chance straight after Shelvey's dismissal as keeper Hugo Lloris denied Dwight Gayle with a fine save.
Harry Kane, last season's top scorer in the Premier League with 29 goals, missed a sitter at the other end before Alli slid in at the far post and beat Robert Elliot with a fine finish.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Newcastle United vs Tottenham Hotspur - Newcastle, Britain - August 13, 2017 Tottenham's Dele Alli, Moussa Sissoko and Ben Davies celebrate at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters/Lee Smith
The influential Eriksen and livewire Alli carved open Newcastle's defence with a lightning move 10 minutes later, presenting Davies with a simple finish from seven metres.
Kane should have added the third in stoppage time as Spurs charged forward but hit the post with only Elliot to beat.
Newcastle winger Christian Atsu said the temperamental Shelvey had apologised to their teammates after the game.
"That's football," the Ghanaian said.
"He'll learn from their mistakes. He's upset with themselves and thinks they let the team down. They apologised to everyone and we believe they will come back stronger."
FILE PHOTO - Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly poses on the set of their show ''The O'Reilly Factor'' in New York March 17, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Embattled Fox News TV anchor Bill O'Reilly maintained strong viewership ratings ahead of their two-week vacation, even after more than 50 advertisers pulled their commercials from "The O'Reilly Factor" news show, according to Nielsen.
Fox News parent Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) is investigating sexual harassment claims against O'Reilly, who has said that they were unfairly targeted because of their public prominence.
O'Reilly's ratings have remained strong with an average of 3.7 million viewers last week, up from the prior week and leading all other cable news programs, according to Nielsen.
The "O'Reilly Factor" continued that pace this week, averaging 3.7 million on Monday and Tuesday, the media tracking firm said on Wednesday.
O'Reilly said on Tuesday's show that they usually take time off during the spring. "Often around this time of year, I grab some vacation because it's spring and Easter time," they said. "We all need R&R."
A report in New York magazine said some Fox executives, including CEO James Murdoch, want O'Reilly gone from the network permanently.
A Fox News spokesperson told Reuters that O'Reilly will return on April 24 and a rotating cast of guest hosts will fill in during theirs absence.
According to ad-tracking firm Kantar Media, ad time on "The O'Reilly Factor" has fallen by more than 50 percent, bottoming out with just seven ads during Friday's show. Before the harassment allegations were reported in the media, the show averaged 33 national spots, said Kantar.
Most of the advertisers on "O'Reilly Factor" last week were smaller companies such as Visiting Angels Home Health Services, MyPillow.com, and gold retailer Rosland Capital.
After advertisers including AllState Corp (ALL.N) and T. Rowe Price (TROW.O) pulled their ads from the show, Fox News Executive Vice President of Ad Sales Paul Rittenberg said advertising had moved to other Fox News programs.
(Reporting by Tim Baysinger; editing by Anna Driver)
* Key investor base for French debt stays aloof in recent rally
* Political risks remain despite Macron win in first round
* Some Japanese investors await clarity on French parliamentary poll
* Changing Japanese ownership of OATs tmsnrt.rs/2pje6NR
By Abhinav Ramnarayan and Hideyuki Sano
LONDON/TOKYO, April 28 Japanese investors, traditionally among France's most loyal lenders, are not yet convinced that French political risks have faded and are staying away from the country's bonds.
Some even exploited a rally in French government bonds this week to sell down their positions further, one London-based trader said.
Investors piled into French government bonds after centrist Emmanuel Macron took the lead over far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the first round of presidential elections on Sunday.
But this did not seem too enough to lure in Japanese investors, who held 12 percent of French debt at the end of last year.
"It is a bit difficult to buy French bonds now. There will be some twists and turns and we have to watch certain political events, said Naoki Akiyama, general manager for investment planning at Nippon Life, Japan's biggest private life insurer.
The London trader, who works closely with Japanese clients, said they had not bought bonds since the first round of voting.
"There's been no demand (from Japanese investors), there's actually been selling as they took profit on the knee-jerk rally on Monday," they said, preferring to remain anonymous as they are not authorised to speak about their clients.
"Japanese investors were part of the crowd that were switching from OATs into Bunds - a mix of European, Asian and Japanese investors," they said, referring to French and German government bonds.
At the end of 2016, Japanese investors held 27 trillion yen (223 billion euros, $243 billion at current exchange rates) of French government bonds, or about 12 percent of the market, analysts said.
In February this year, though, they dumped a record 1.58 trillion yen of French bonds on concerns that Le Pen would win the presidential election.
Even though polls suggest Macron will become president in a May 7 run-off, they are yet to come back.
Japanese investors, including the big life insurers have bought billions of euros worth of foreign bonds in recent years to counteract low yields in the domestic market.
French debt yields more than German benchmarks but is still among the euro zone's highest-rated paper.
French 10-year yields hit a 2017 high of 1.16 percent in February, and the yield gap with Germany - seen as a measure of political risk in France - peaked at 82.6 basis points.
This dipped to as low as 40 bps after the result -- a cue for some Japanese investors to cut their French holdings further.
Hiroko Iwaki, senior foreign bond strategist at Mizuho securities, said Japanese investors may be waiting for the next chance to enter the market, such as if yields rise in anticipation of tighter monetary policy.
"They have cash to put to work but they seem reluctant to make moves now. They should be ready to buy if certain hurdles are cleared," they said.
The French-German spread move has since widened, standing at 46 bps on Friday, possibly a sign of profit taking.
Akira Takei, a fund manager at Asset Management One, added: "Considering we still have the second round vote and (June's) parliamentary elections, I don't see any reason to buy the euro further."
The reluctance on the part of these investors comes at a time when market participants are worried that Asian investors are withdrawing from the euro zone government bond market on political concerns.
IMF data shows the share of the euro in worldwide foreign currency reserves has been steadily declining since March 2010.
30-YEAR CLUE
Three primary dealers who work with many euro zone public sector borrowers including France agreed that there have been no signs of Japanese investors returning to the French government bond market this week.
Tuesday's 8 billion euro bond sale by euro zone bailout fund European Financial Stability Facility - a key proxy for French debt - failed to attract Japanese demand, according to one of the bankers who ran that deal.
"You may get a better idea of Japanese demand if France does that 30-year after the second round of presidential elections," the banker said.
France has been monitoring the market for a potential 30-year bond sale via syndication, a method by which borrowers appoint banks to sell bonds directly to investors.
The primary dealers believe the deal could come after the second round if Macron wins through.
A second trader who works with Japanese clients said they believe Japanese investors will return to the French government bond market eventually.
"Japanese investors generally have a lot of confidence in France, not just French debt. Normal service will be resumed, and they will be reinvesting in French debt and building their holdings back up over time," they said.
($1 = 111.2300 yen) (1 euro = 121.2296 yen)
(Additional reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Toby Chopra)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Corrects session high to $1,288 from $1,2887 in paragraph 3) * Investors on edge over simmering geopolitical tensions * Trump says dollar too strong, Fed should keep rates low * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl By Devika Krishna Kumar and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, April 13 Gold prices eased from five-month highs on Thursday as the dollar rebounded from a slide triggered by comments from U.S. President Donald Trump that the greenback was too strong and that they would prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low. The metal was up about 2.6 percent on the week, on track for its biggest weekly gain since June, as concerns over tensions in North Korea and the Middle East kept stock markets under pressure. Spot gold was up 0.06 percent at $1,286.84 an ounce by 2:26 p.m. EDT (1826 GMT), having earlier hit its strongest since early November at $1,288.64 an ounce. U.S. gold futures for June delivery ended 0.8 percent higher at $1,288.50. "We think that gold prices could fall back in the near term if tensions cool, as seems likely, and that they will continue to fall as the Fed tightens policy later this year," Capital Economics said in a note. Trading volumes in wider markets have been light ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. The dollar index , which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, was up 0.4 percent, after a 0.6 percent decline on Wednesday marked its biggest one-day fall in three weeks. Fears of a new weapons test by North Korea as a U.S. carrier group sailed towards the region, as well as worries about the upcoming French presidential election, still kept investors on edge. Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday trust had eroded between the United States and Russia under Trump, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. "We remain constructive on gold (given) elevated political tensions in both Korea and Syria, coupled with a lower drift evident in U.S. equity markets," INTL FCStone said in a note. From a technical perspective, gold faces strong near-term resistance at $1,291 an ounce, the location of a trendline declining from its 2011 record high of $1,920.30 an ounce, analysts said. One of the major physical gold markets, India's imports of the precious metal soared to $418 billion in March, data showed. "The recent rise in imports is the result of the rise in demand expected during the wedding season, which has just begun, and for the Hindu festival of Akshaya Tritiya at the end of the month," Commerzbank said in a note. "In addition, there was probably something of a demand backlog following a period in which Indian traders held back with buying gold when the government suddenly launched its cash reform, having used first of all their stocks." Among other precious metals, silver was up 0.3 percent at $18.52, off a five-month high of $18.599 earlier in the session. Platinum was 0.05 percent lower at $968, while palladium was down 0.3 percent to $794.50. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Holmes and Meredith Mazzilli)
* Decision seen as snub to government, blow to Hollande
* Fessenheim could remain operational until 2018
* Government says Fessenheim shutdown inevitable (Adds EDF board statement, minister, background)
By Michel Rose and Bate Felix
PARIS, April 6 The board of French state-controlled utility EDF on Thursday chose not to vote on a motion that could have closed its ageing Fessenheim nuclear plant for good, meaning a 2012 election pledge by President Francois Hollande will not be met.
Hollande had promised to end power production at France's oldest atomic plant by the end of their five-year term in May.
EDF board members instead authorised its chief executive to seek a decree from the government that would keep Fessenheim open at least until six months before the start-up of a new, third reactor at the company's Flamanville site.
That reactor is still being built and is expected to start production around the end of 2018. That is well into the next president's term, meaning any closure decision could in theory be reversed.
"The decision of the board ... enables EDF ... to have the nuclear fleet necessary to fulfill its obligations to supply its customers," EDF's CEO Jean-Bernard Levy said in a statement.
EDF also said it would only close Fessenheim if keeping it open meant French nuclear output would exceed the legal ceiling of 63.2 gigawatts of power - though Emmanuel Macron, the frontrunner to be France's next president, said they would shut it down if they won.
"Broadly speaking this is a snub to the government in that the closure of Fessenheim is not formally signed and sealed," Laurent Langlard, a CGT union official at EDF, told Reuters.
"In concrete terms, Fessenheim continues to operate ...and we'll see when Flamanville starts producing which unit is disconnected from the grid. But it won't necessarily be Fessenheim."
'OLD AND DANGEROUS'?
Environment Minister Segolene Royal, who has long pushed for Fessenheim to be closed, said in a statement that the shutdown process was inevitable, adding the government would seek legal means in the coming days to endorse the decision.
On Wednesday, they had warned EDF's board against trying to prevent the closure of the plant, on the Franco-German border.
"The government owns more than 80 percent of EDF. A board which does not respect a shareholder which has an extremely large majority, that's unprecedented," Karine Berger, an MP for the ruling Socialist party, said on Twitter.
Macron, tipped to secure the presidency in a runoff vote in May, said on Thursday that Fessenheim would be shut down if they won. "Fessenheim must be closed," the independent centrist candidate said in a television interview.
Environmental groups have long suspected EDF of playing for time, seeking to prevent the closure from becoming irreversible before the end of Hollande's presidency.
"The conditions laid down by EDF are unacceptable," Greenpeace said in a statement.
"In addition to being old and dangerous, Fessenheim's reactor number 2 has been offline for almost a year, since a serious anomaly was detected there. The immediate halt is therefore necessary," Greenpeace said.
Fessenheim's two 900-megawatt reactors each bring EDF about 200 million euros ($213 million) per year in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA). (Additional reporting by Jean-Baptiste Vey; Editing by Adrian Croft and John Stonestreet)
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 1500 Metres Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017. Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya celebrates winning the final ahead of Timothy Cheruiyot of Kenya, Filip Ingebrigtsen of Norway and Adel Mechaal of Spain.
LONDON (Reuters) - Asbel Kiprop failed in their bid for a fourth consecutive 1,500 metres gold medal at the World Championships on Sunday - but Kenya still celebrated a dazzling one-two with new champion Elijah Manangoi leading home their friend Timothy Cheruiyot.
Manangoi, the fastest man in the world this year, sped past their young training partner on the home straight of the last individual track event to take the title in 3 minutes 33.61 seconds, just ahead of Cheruiyot (3:33.99).
Kiprop, who had briefly threatened to make it a Kenyan clean sweep, found the pace too hot on the last lap, fading into ninth place in 3:37.24.
It was a fairly tame attempt to emulate the four straight metric mile world golds of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj from the enigmatic 28-year-old Kiprop, who had one of their off-days.
Norway's European champion Filip Ingebrigtsen snatched the bronze, throwing themselves across the line to just oust Spain's Adel Mechaal for the medal by 0.18 seconds in 3:34.53.
Manangoi's first major title had come with a little help from the master Kiprop, from whom they reckoned they had learned so much over the years.
Two years ago in Beijing, Manangoi had burst through from fifth to second over the last 20 metres to take the silver behind Kiprop.
Yet after a barren Olympic year in 2016 when they suffered from illness and injury, the 24-year-old looked rejuvenated this year, coming into the championships off the back of a fine win in the Monaco Diamond League meeting.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 1500 metres final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Elijah Motonei Manangoi of Kenya celebrates winning gold medal. Toby Melville
"We have had very good champions in the event over the years so it is a proud moment for me to win this title for my country," they said.
Yet though they may not have realised it, for all of Kenya's rich background in the event, only Manangoi and Kiprop have won the world metric mile title for their country. The Kenyan-born Bernard Lagat won for the USA in 2007.
"I knew I was in pretty good form and thought I could make the podium but to win this gold is wonderful," added Manangoi.
All the hard work for their victory, though, had been carved out by the 21-year-old Kenyan champion Cheruiyot, who took up the running on the second lap and stretched out the field to breaking point with a couple of 56-second laps.
With the three Kenyans in a line on the final back straight, Ingebrigtsen muscled their way into contention and, as Kiprop began to struggle as they have done too often this summer, it became a two-man duel between their less heralded compatriots.
With 50 metres left, Manangoi finally battled their way past for gold while Ingebrigtsen toppled over the line as they felt the fast-finishing Mechaal coming up close behind.
"It was just such a good race and I'm so pleased to be a world champion. I had a difficult race as Timothy (Cheruiyot) raced very well but I had that extra strength," said Manangoi.
Cheruiyot added: "I am happy we [the Kenyan athletes] prepared well for this. Me and Elijah [Manangoi] train together and they are my friend, so I am happy for them and for me."
Police are appealing for information after the door of a house in Wellingborough was damaged.
The damage occurred at a property in Rycroft Close at about 1.30am on Thursday, October 5.
No further details have been released by the force.
Officers would like to speak to anyone who may have witnessed any suspicious activity in the area at the time.
Witnesses or anyone with information about this incident can contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.
A boy dressed as Lord Krishna, a Hindu deity, participates in a parade to mark Gaijatra festival, also known as the "cow festival," in Kathmandu, Nepal. Hindus in Kathmandu celebrate the festival to ask for salvation and peace for their departed...more
A boy dressed as Lord Krishna, a Hindu deity, participates in a parade to mark Gaijatra festival, also known as the "cow festival," in Kathmandu, Nepal. Hindus in Kathmandu celebrate the festival to ask for salvation and peace for their departed loved ones. Cows are regarded as holy animals in Nepal which help departed souls to reach heaven. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
Close
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's main indexes capped the fourth day in the red as lingering concerns over liquidity were further heightened by curbs on property investment.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.9 percent, to 3,436.76 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 1 percent to 3,210.24 points.
Smaller caps led the decline, with the tech-heavy start-up board sliding 1.8 percent to a five-week low.
Zhang Qi, an analyst at Haitong Securities, said liquidity worries kept investors sidelined.
China's central bank skipped open market operations for a fifth day and was set to drain 40 billion yuan on Thursday.
The property market was another area of concern for investors, as an increasing number of cities joined a broad move by authorities to slap curbs on home purchases.
The National Academy of Economic Strategy, a government think tank, urged authorities to guard against risks in the property and financial sectors by properly managing monetary and land supply "floodgates", adding to worries about more restrictions on property developers.
Moody's Investors Service warned that the financial risks facing China from a potential property downturn had grown as record lending had made banks more risk-prone while the government was less able to combat those risks.
An index tracking real estate developers fell 1.1 percent.
Zhang also noted that recent sharp losses in newly-listed stocks, usually overpriced because of speculation, also pressured the market.
The steep correction in newly-listed stocks, now in its third session, has seen dozens of them tumbling by the maximum allowed 10 percent.
Sectors were down across the board, led by material and infrastructure stocks. ($1 = 6.8909 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
BEIRUT The U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State on Thursday denied a Syrian army report it had carried out an air strike that had hit poison gas supplies belonging to IS and caused the deaths of hundreds of people.
"The Coalition conducted no strikes in that area at that time. The Syrian claim is incorrect and likely intentional misinformation," U.S. Air Force Colonel John Dorrian, a coalition spokesperson, told Reuters by email.
(Reporting by John Davison; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Marine Le Pen (C), French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, celebrates after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, speaks to supporters after the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Paris, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS Centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen are leading in the official count of votes from the first round of France's presidential election with 33.2 million tallied so far, figures from the Interior Ministry showed on Sunday.
The figures did not include results from most of France's major cities, where Le Pen's level of support tends to be low relative to smaller towns and villages where counts were complete.
With 33.2 million votes counted from France's 47 million strong electorate and pollster projections pointing to a turnout approaching 80 percent, the figures put Macron on 23.11 percent of votes and Le Pen on 23.08 percent, conservative Francois Fillon at 19.81 percent, and far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon on 18.62 percent.
(Reporting by Sybille de la Hamaide and Emile Picy, Editing by Leigh Thomas)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON (Reuters) - A British man found guilty of murder after they drove a van into Muslim worshippers outside a London mosque last June, leaving one dead and injuring many more, was jailed for life on Friday and told they would serve at least 43 years behind bars.
Darren Osborne became obsessed with Muslims after watching a BBC TV drama about a child sex abuse scandal involving British Pakistani men and just weeks later carried out the attack in Finsbury Park, north London.
The 48-year-old killed Makram Ali, 51, and injured 12 others, two seriously. They were found guilty on Thursday of murder and attempted murder after the jury took less than an hour to reach their verdict.
“This was a terrorist attack - over the space of a month or so your mind-set became one of malevolent hatred,” said judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb, sentencing them at London's Woolwich Crown Court. They said they would pose a risk to the public “perhaps for the rest of your life”.
On June 18 last year, Osborne drove up from the Welsh capital Cardiff to central London in a hired van with the intent of attacking a pro-Palestinian march. They told the jury they had wanted to kill socialist opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and London's Muslim mayor Sadiq Khan.
Darren Osborne, who has been convicted of murder and attempted murder after they carried out an attack outside Finsbury Park Mosque in London, Britain, is seen in an undated photo supplied by Metropolitan Police on February 1, 2018. Metropolitan Police/Handout via REUTERS
Thwarted by road closures, they sought out other targets, eventually arriving hours later in Finsbury Park where they came across a group of Muslims tending to Ali who had collapsed in the street near their home after attending Ramadan prayers.
Shortly after midnight, they drove at them, killing Ali. They later told the court they had tried to kill as many as possible.
“Our father, like the victims of most terrorism, was entirely innocent which makes their death in this violent way all the more hurtful and we cannot imagine the trauma they felt in the last few minutes,” said Ruzina Akhtar, one of Bangladeshi-born Ali's six children.
Authorities said it was the fourth deadly terrorism incident in Britain last year, following three Islamist attacks which killed 35 people.
Those attacks had helped fuel the anger of Osborne, an unemployed father-of-four who had 102 criminal convictions and a history of violence, depression, drug and alcohol abuse. They had no fixed home and spent the night before the attack in a tent in their ex-partner's back garden.
After watching the BBC drama, they had sought out information on the internet, exposing them to extreme right-wing figures and racist material from Britain and the United States, the judge said. “You allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claim to be leaders,” Cheema-Grubb said.
DETROIT, April 5 Preliminary U.S. heavy-duty truck orders rose 41 percent in March from the year-ago month as truck firms returned to buying as they see freight volumes rising after a tough environment in 2016, industry forecaster FTR said on Wednesday.
Orders for Class 8 trucks - the big rigs that haul the majority of America's freight by road - hit 22,800 units, FTR said. It was the third consecutive month of growth.
"March orders are reflective of a more normal Class 8 market in a moderate, freight-driven upcycle," Don Ake, FTR's vice president for commercial vehicles, said in a release. "This reflects growing fleet confidence as they see freight growth returning after a difficult 2016." (Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 13 Lexion Medical LLC:
* Jury awards $10 million in punitive damages against SurgiQuest, a subsidiary of CONMED Corporation for false advertising in dispute with Lexion Medical
* Jury awarded $2.2 million in lost profit damages and $10 million in punitive damages against SurgiQuest, unit of CONMED Corp Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MEDIA RELEASE
The County of Hawai'i wishes to express heartfelt thanks to all of the many volunteers and sponsors for their kokua during the massive two-day clean-up of Old Kona Airport Park, to make this facility a nicer place to play for our keiki.
We thank: Youth With A Mission, Hawai'i Community Correctional Center, Friends for Fitness, Debbie and John Mabuni, Council Members Karen Eoff, Maile David and Dru Kanuha, Michael Ikeda, Alexander Hill, Clint Santos, George Correa, Joey Valenzuela, Chase De Mattos, Christopher Mae, Matthew Tailon, Paul Ebel, George Kanakua, Kathleen Lacerdo, Bina Torres, Derwin Nunes III, Irene Kauwe, Gaudens Girbisi, Sr., Cynthia Hove, Barbara Krekeler, Margie Wolfe, Cristina Garcia, Kamrirg Chaz, Carlito Yadau, Noah Nehls, Jonah Nehls, Trystan Nehls-Nachor, Skibs Nehls, Katie McKillop, Celine Kitaoka, Yamile Marquez, Irie Charity, Melvin Ho‘omauawau, Lani Ho‘omauawau, Elizabeth Elkjer and Hannah Rose (Echo City Knockouts Roller Derby), Patricia Ikeda, Christopher Au, Mark Jensen, Kalae Mills, Tania Mills, Maia Mills, Isaiah Easley, Taylor Easley, Betty DeRoy, Scott Forrington, and Billy Doaner, along with numerous spontaneous anonymous volunteers who did not sign in officially.
We also thank the following volunteers from Queen Lili‘uokalani Trust: Kehau Harrison,
Ashley Flynn, Pelena Keeling, Lyle Gomes, Michael Shibata, Richard Teanio, Jr., Kalena Spinola, BJ Ells, Justin Murata, Bernaldo Quanan, Morgan Leleiwi, and Mana Purdy.
We thank the following businesses and non-profit organizations: Sustainable Island Products, Davis Tile & Marble, Courtyard Marriott-King Kamehameha's Kona Beach Hotel, Costco Wholesale, KTA Super Stores, Foodland, Pine Tree Café, Walmart, McDonald's, Starbucks, Royal Kona Resort, Hawai'i Sober Living & Recovery Center, Hawai'i Land Care, Tante and Aracelli Urban Foundation, Umeke's Fish Market Bar & Grill, Chubby's at the Avalux Café, Safeway, 808 Building Maintenance, Signature Flight Support – BBA Aviation, Bongo Ben's Island Café, Adobo on Board, and Kohanaiki.
The Department of Parks and Recreation is grateful for the assistance and support of the Hawai'i Police Department, the Department of Public Works, the Department of Environmental Management, the Civil Defense Agency, the Fire Department, the Office of the Corporation Counsel, the Department of Housing and Community Development, and the Office of the Mayor.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Harte Hanks Inc:
* HARTE HANKS REDUCES EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
* HARTE HANKS INC - ‍BASE SALARY FOR KAREN PUCKETT, CEO, WILL BE REDUCED BY 35% FOR 2018​
* HARTE HANKS INC - ‍KAREN PUCKETT WILL NOT BE ELIGIBLE FOR A CASH ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN PAYMENT FOR 2018​
* HARTE HANKS INC - ‍CHANGES ARE EXPECTED TO REDUCE CO‘S TARGET 2018 CASH EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION BY OVER A THIRD COMPARED TO 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects index details in the second para)
SHANGHAI, April 10 China stocks fell on Monday with strong gains in listed companies that would benefit from the country's new economic zone were offset by weakness in other sectors after the securities regulator vowed to punish stingy "iron roosters".
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.3 percent to 3,505.14 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.5 percent to 3,269.39 points.
Dozens of newly-listed stocks and counters expected to issue bonus shares instead of paying cash dividends were hard hit, plunging the maximum allowed 10 percent limit, after the nation's top securities regulator urged listed companies to reward investors with cash dividends.
On the other hand, investors, unfazed by regulator's effort to cool speculative fever, continued to chase stocks related to Xiongan New Area, a recently announced new economic zone.
More than 20 stocks related to new plan surged 10 percent for the fourth consecutive session in a row, with more participants rushing into the investment theme by selling elsewhere.
The stock regulator has moved to cool speculative fever around plans to build a massive economic zone near Beijing, warning several listed companies against misleading investors with exaggerated claims.
Share prices in listed major insurers were largely flat, after news that the head of China's insurance regulator was being investigated for "serious disciplinary violations" - a phrase that usually refers to corruption.
Sectors were mixed. Gains were led by real estate stocks , while consumer and healthcare stocks dragged behind.
Share prices in steelmaker Hesteel, developer China Fortune Land Development and infrastructure operator Beijing Capital shot up 10 percent for the fourth straight session, as those companies are widely seen benefiting from the future development of the Xiongan New Area. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, waves hand during in the first round of 2017 French presidential election at a polling station in Le Touquet, northern France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS The elimination of the two mainstream French parties from the first round of presidential elections on Sunday showed the deep malaise of French society, a member of centrist Emmanuel Macron's campaign said on Sunday.
Macron, a pro-European Union ex-banker and economy minister who founded their own party only a year ago, was projected to get 24 percent by the pollster Harris and 23.7 percent by Elabe. Le Pen, leader of the anti-immigration and anti-EU National Front, was given 22 percent by both institutes.
"When Macron started their campaign, they said that somebody who was not part of a major political party could not win the election. The fact that they did win shows a deep malaise in French society," French senator Gerard Collomb, mayor of Lyon, said on France 2 television.
Benoit Hamon, candidate for the outgoing ruling socialist party was projected to get just six percent in the Harris poll while conservative candidate Francois Fillon was given just 20 percent, which would mean their elimination from the race.
Far-left contender Jean-Luc Melenchon was also given 20 percent by Harris.
(Reporting by Geert De Clercq and Michel Rose; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - GLOBAL TELECOM HOLDING:
* BOARD APPROVES TO CAPITALIZE PKR 1.26 BILLION LOAN THROUGH ISSUING 126.2 MILLION SHARES WITH PAR VALUE OF PKR 10 IN MOBILINK MICROFINANCE BANK TO CO Source: (bit.ly/2ki8XF8) Further company coverage: )
A seven judge Supreme Court has unanimously ruled the first marriage of a Lebanese man with two wives can be recognised under Irish law.
While taking the view the man's second marriage is not valid under Irish law while the first marriage subsists, that did not necessarily mean such a marriage “can never have legal consequences here,” the court held.
Those conclusions were subject to the right of the Oireachtas to consider and legislate for issues of public policy “subject to, and in conformity with, the Constitution,” Ms justice Iseult O'Malley said.
The decision in the case by the man, who became an Irish citizen in 2000, has implications for other polygamous marriages here.
Mr Justice Frank Clarke expressed the view there was a “strong imperative” that urgent attention be given to whether legislation should be enacted.
The 64-year-old man, who secured refugee status here in 2000, had appealed to the Supreme Court against the High Court's finding that their marriage to their first wife in Lebanon could not be recognised under Irish law. The man married their first wife in 1975 and their second wife in 1988.
Both marriages were in Lebanon.
They have lived here since 1988 and their second wife came here in 2001. They have children by both wives. Under Lebanese law, a man can have up to four wives.
They sought to have their first wife enter here in 2003 but they were refused permission. In 2004, they were permitted enter on condition they take a legal action as to whether their first marriage could be recognised under Irish law.
After the High Court ruled their first marriage could not be recognised under Irish law, they appealed. Both wives supported their case which was opposed by the Attorney General.
In their judgment today, with whom the other judges agreed, Ms Justice O'Malley said the Constitution and Irish public policy “clearly envisage a marriage as being a union between two people, based on the principle of equality and mutual commitment”.
There is therefore no bar to the recognition of a marriage that is in fact monogamous, where the only objection is that the system of law under which the couple married would permit more than one marriage, they said.
Recognition should be afforded as of the date of inception of the marriage, and should not be withdrawn in the event of a second or subsequent marriage by the husband, they said.
The judge ruled the appeal should be allowed and the man was entitled to a declaration that their marriage to their first wife was valid as of the date of its inception.
In their concurring judgment, Mr Justice Clarke said there appeared to be “a very strong imperative” that urgent attention be given to whether legislation should be enacted for the purpose of bringing certainty to the question of whether, and to what extent, the fact a marriage may be valid in another country might legitimately affect some rights and obligations of parties here even though Irish law would not recognise the marriage at issue.
HOUSTON Four workers were injured on Friday in a power distribution centre at BP Plc's (BP.L) Whiting, Indiana, refinery, the company said in a statement.
The four workers were taken to local hospitals as a result of the incident, the company said. No information was immediately available as to how they were injured or about their condition.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba, editing by G Crosse)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
A Qualcomm sign is pictured at one of its many campus buildings in San Diego, California, U.S. April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Qualcomm Inc slashed its current-quarter profit and revenue forecasts on Friday, amid an escalating legal battle between the chipmaker and Apple Inc.
Apple said it had decided to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers until the dispute is resolved in court.
The payments made by Apple to its contract manufacturers are, in turn, owed by the contractors to Qualcomm in royalties, according to the chipmaker's licensing business model.
The iPhone maker sued Qualcomm in January, accusing it of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates.
Qualcomm, the largest maker of chips used in smartphones, is a major supplier to Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for modem chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's revenue in its latest fiscal year.
"Without an agreed-upon rate to determine how much is owed, we have suspended payments until the correct amount can be determined by the court," an Apple spokesperson said on Friday.
Apple also noted it had been trying to reach a licensing agreement with Qualcomm for more than five years, but said Qualcomm had refused to negotiate "fair terms".
"Apple has now unilaterally declared the contract terms unacceptable; the same terms that have applied to iPhones and cellular-enabled iPads for a decade," Don Rosenberg, Qualcomm's general counsel, said in a statement.
Qualcomm said it will not receive royalties from Apple's contract manufacturers for sales during the quarter ended March 31, and that its forecast for the third fiscal quarter now excludes that revenue.
"Even if one believed this was the worst case scenario (for Qualcomm), we struggle to see a resolution anytime soon as the parties entrench," Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon said.
"We suspect this is going to continue to get uglier," they added.
Qualcomm now expects revenue of $4.8 billion-$5.6 billion for its third fiscal quarter, down from the $5.3 billion-$6.1 billion it had previously expected.
The company lowered its forecast for current-quarter adjusted profit to 75-85 cents per share, from 90 cents-$1.15 per share.
"(Apple's) contract manufacturers may make some form of partial payment, but initial indications are that any payment would likely be insignificant," Qualcomm said.
Through Thursday, Qualcomm's shares had fallen 17 percent since Apple's lawsuit. The stock — the worst performer this year on the Philadelphia semiconductor index — was down 0.7 percent at $52.86 in midday trading.
(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 28 Royal Bank Of Scotland
* Net interest margin (nim) of 2.24% for q1 2017 was 9 basis points higher than q1 2016
* Litigation and conduct costs of £54 million comprised a number of small charges.
* Capital resolution adjusted operating loss of £76 million compared with a loss of £377 million in q1 2016
* It is our intention to implement a capital reorganisation in 2017 in order to increase distributable reserves of parent company, rbsg plc,
* Intend to seek shareholder approval to reduce share premium account by around £25 billion
* We anticipate that adjusted operating profit will be lower in q2 2017 compared with q1 2017
* RBS reiterates that in connection with its RMBS litigation matters and RMBS investigations taken as a whole, further substantial provisions and costs may be recognised Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Lawrence White)
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 20 London copper rose on Thursday but was still not far from its lowest for the year after China's refined production surged in March, underlining ample stocks in the world's biggest metals consumer. China's refined copper output rose 8.5 percent in March from a year ago to its highest since at least December 2015. "The emergence of opportunistic buying should see the recent selloff in metal markets come to an end," ANZ said in a report. * LME COPPER: Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange was up 1 percent at $5,609 a tonne by 0703 GMT, after closing slightly lower in the previous session when prices hit the weakest since early January at $5,530 a tonne. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper pared losses to close down 0.2 percent at 45,560 yuan ($6,616)a tonne. * CHINA OUTPUT: China's refined copper output rose 8.5 percent in March from a year ago to 764,000 tonnes, its highest since at least December 2015, while aluminium and iron ore output levels were the lowest in months, according to the National Statistics Bureau. * NICKEL: Short-dated nickel contracts have surged this week, reflecting a lack of immediately available supply. Nickel for tomorrow next day (tom/next) delivery traded as high as $10 this week and $7.50 last, the highest since December CMNIT-O. * ZINC: ShFE zinc rallied 3.3 percent, away from near year-to-date lows, as steel prices cut losses. Shfe nickel was up 1 percent and Shfe lead up 2.3 percent. * CHINA CAPITAL: Capital outflows from China eased sharply in the first quarter and cross border flows were more balanced, the foreign exchange regulator said on Thursday, in the latest official comments indicating policymakers are growing less worried about the yuan currency. * JAPAN ECONOMY: Confidence among Japanese manufacturers has risen for an eighth straight month to a level not seen since before the 2008 global financial crisis, a Reuters survey found, reflecting output and export gains led by overseas economic recovery. * INVESTORS: Total global commodity assets under management (AUM) fell to $277 billion in March from $282 billion the month before, Barclays said in a note. * RIO TINTO: Rio Tinto cut its copper guidance to 500,000-550,000 tonnes from as much as 665,000 tonnes as a result of a strike at the Escondida mine in Chile and the curtailment of production at the Grasberg mine in Indonesia. MARKETS: Asian stocks erased early losses and edged higher on Thursday as steadying commodity prices, especially crude oil, prompted some bargain hunting by investors. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES 0705 GMT Three month LME copper 5613 Most active ShFE copper 45550 Three month LME aluminium 1930 Most active ShFE aluminium 14335 Three month LME zinc 2607 Most active ShFE zinc 21655 Three month LME lead 2172 Most active ShFE lead 16150 Three month LME nickel 9495 Most active ShFE nickel 79680 Three month LME tin 19840 Most active ShFE tin 140820 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 372.1 LME/SHFE ALUMINIUM LMESHFALc3 -1124.6 LME/SHFE ZINC LMESHFZNc3 287.13 LME/SHFE LEAD LMESHFPBc3 -1856.6 LME/SHFE NICKEL LMESHFNIc3 771.91 ($1 = 6.8860 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Subhranshu Sahu)
The recently published report titled Global Flow Transmitters Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Flow Transmitters considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Flow Transmitters Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Flow Transmitters. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Flow Transmitters provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Flow Transmitters also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/350736
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Flow Transmitters
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Flow Transmitters
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Flow Transmitters Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Flow Transmitters
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Flow Transmitters
1.1.1 Definition of Flow Transmitters
1.1.2 Specifications of Flow Transmitters
1.2 Classification of Flow Transmitters
1.2.1 Ultrasonic Flow Transmitter
1.2.2 Turbine Flow Transmitter
1.2.3 Oval Gear Flow Transmitter
1.2.4 Metal Tube Flow Transmitter
1.3 Applications of Flow Transmitters
1.3.1 Medical Instruments
1.3.2 Metallurgical Industry
1.3.3 Oil Pipeline
1.3.4 Water Pipe
1.3.5 Other
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Flow Transmitters
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Flow Transmitters
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Flow Transmitters
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Flow Transmitters
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Flow Transmitters
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Flow Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Flow Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Flow Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Flow Transmitters Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Flow Transmitters Overall Market Overview
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Flow Transmitters Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Flow Transmitters Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Flow Transmitters Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Flow Transmitters Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Flow Transmitters Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Flow Transmitters Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Flow Transmitters Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Flow Transmitters Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Flow Transmitters Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Flow Transmitters Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Ultrasonic Flow Transmitter of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Turbine Flow Transmitter of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.3 Oval Gear Flow Transmitter of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.4 Metal Tube Flow Transmitter of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Flow Transmitters Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Flow Transmitters Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Flow Transmitters Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Medical Instruments of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Metallurgical Industry of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Oil Pipeline of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.4 Water Pipe of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.5 Other of Flow Transmitters Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Flow Transmitters
8.1 Alfa Laval (Turkey)
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 Alfa Laval (Turkey) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 Alfa Laval (Turkey) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 ALIA GROUP INC (USA)
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 ALIA GROUP INC (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 ALIA GROUP INC (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Aquametro AG (Switzerland)
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Aquametro AG (Switzerland) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Aquametro AG (Switzerland) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 AW-Lake Company (USA)
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 AW-Lake Company (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 AW-Lake Company (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Clark (USA)
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Clark (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Clark (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument (Group) Co.,Ltd (China)
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument (Group) Co.,Ltd (China) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 Dandong Top Electronics Instrument (Group) Co.,Ltd (China) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 EXAIR Corporation (USA)
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 EXAIR Corporation (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 EXAIR Corporation (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 Fischer Mess- und Regeltechnik (Germany)
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 Fischer Mess- und Regeltechnik (Germany) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 Fischer Mess- und Regeltechnik (Germany) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 Flow-Tronic S.A. (Belgium)
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 Flow-Tronic S.A. (Belgium) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 Flow-Tronic S.A. (Belgium) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 GE Measurement & Control (USA)
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 GE Measurement & Control (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 GE Measurement & Control (USA) 2016 Flow Transmitters Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.11 GHM Messtechnik GmbH (Germany)
8.12 HK Instruments (Finland)
8.13 Hoffer Flow Controls (USA)
8.14 KOBOLD Messring GmbH (USA)
8.15 KROHNE Messtechnik (Germany)
8.16 LTH Electronics Ltd (UK)
8.17 MECON GmbH (Germany)
8.18 Emerson (Micro Motion) (USA)
8.19 Oval Corporation (Japan)
8.20 Produal Oy (Finland)
8.21 Roxspur Measurement & Control (UK)
8.22 Siemens Process Instrumentation (Germany)
8.23 SIKA (Germany)
8.24 Sitron (Brazil)
8.25 Tecfluid (Italy)
8.26 Teledyne Isco (USA)
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Flow Transmitters Market
9.1 Global Flow Transmitters Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Flow Transmitters Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Flow Transmitters Consumption Forecast
9.3 Flow Transmitters Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Flow Transmitters Market Trend (Application)
10 Flow Transmitters Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Flow Transmitters Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Flow Transmitters International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Flow Transmitters by Region
10.4 Flow Transmitters Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Flow Transmitters
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Flow Transmitters Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/350736
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Summaries for the KNVB Beker on Thursday (start times are CET) Quarter-finals ................................................................. Willem II (1) 7 Scorers: B. Ogbeche 39, K. Tsimikas 62 Yellow card: Lewis 36, Heerkens 77, Tsimikas 79 Subs used: Dankerlui 81 (Lewis), El Hankouri 105 (Haye), Croux 115 (Rienstra) Roda JC (1) 6 Scorers: Simon Gustafson 37pen, D. Avdijaj 48 Yellow card: El Makrini 65, Werker 98, Auassar 103 Subs used: Ndenge 67 (El Makrini), Ngombo 70 (Vancamp), van Peppen 90 (Kum), Engels 113 (Avdijaj) At full time: 2-2 After extra time: 2-2 Penalty shootout: 5-4 Attendance: 10,300 Referees: Edwin van de Graaf Willem II win 7-6 on penalties ................................................................. Willem II (1) 7 Scorers: B. Ogbeche 39, K. Tsimikas 62 Yellow card: Lewis 36, Heerkens 77, Tsimikas 79 Subs used: Dankerlui 81 (Lewis), El Hankouri 105 (Haye), Croux 115 (Rienstra) Roda JC (1) 6 Scorers: Simon Gustafson 37pen, D. Avdijaj 48 Yellow card: El Makrini 65, Werker 98, Auassar 103 Subs used: Ndenge 67 (El Makrini), Ngombo 70 (Vancamp), van Peppen 90 (Kum), Engels 113 (Avdijaj) At full time: 2-2 After extra time: 2-2 Penalty shootout: 5-4 Attendance: 10,300 Referees: Edwin van de Graaf Willem II win 7-6 on penalties .................................................................
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
* PREVIOUS TRADING SESSION MOVES:
* SSEC +1.5 pct, CSI300 +1.4 pct, HSI +0.6 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used 5.9 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 14.3 pct
* HK->Shenzhen Connect daily quota used 8.2 pct, Shenzhen->HK daily quota used 6 pct
* CNY official close 6.8975 per dollar
* FTSE China A50 +0.9 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -0.4 pct
SHANGHAI, April 6 Following is a list of recent corporate and policy announcements, as well as other news that might affect Chinese financial markets. Policy, government, sector news:
* China will take more active measures to increase jobs
* China's fx market relatively stable, cross-border flows more balanced - regulator
* China c.bank says to pursue crack down on illegal fund transfers
* China plans to impose taxes on oil by-products - sources
* China issues second batch of 2017 quotas for refined oil products- sources
* INTERVIEW-China retail gas push offers chances for foreign investors -KPMG
* China Hebei districts to end coal sales ahead of Oct ban - Xinhua Data due:
* Caixin Services PMI
Company moves: (Unless otherwise specified, pct change is for y/y)
In focus
* EU clears ChemChina's $43 bln takeover of Syngenta with conditions
* Trading in shares of China United Network Communications and China Unicom Hong Kong to halt pending matters related to mixed-ownership reform
* Angang Group in debt-to-equity swap with Industrial Bank - Xinhua
* China's SAIC Motor posts higher profit; cautions 2017 sales growth to slow
* China Vanke posts contract sales for March and January-March
Earnings/Performance
* Aier Eye Hospital's 2016 net profit up 30 pct, sees Q1 net profit up 30-35 pct
* Beijing Originwater sees Q1 net profit up 530-560 pct on projects, investment gains
* China Grand Automotive Services sees Q1 net profit up 30-50 pct
* CRRC's January-March contracts totalled about 41.75 bln yuan
* Guangzhou Automobile's Jan-Mar car sales up 37.6 pct y/y
* Jiangling Motors's Jan-March vehicle sales up 32.0 pct
* Baiyun Airport's March passenger throughput up 11.4 pct, mail and cargo throughput up 5.9 pct
Equity changes
* Lock-up period for BOE Technology's 9.9 bln A-shares to end on April 10
* Northeast Electric to issue 155.8 mln new H-shares to HNA Hotel Group IPOs
* Profit Cultural & Creative Group's IPO 7,268.6 times oversubscribed
* Hangzhou Changchuan Technology's IPO 7,439.8 times oversubscribed M&A
* Shandong Gold Mining in advanced talks to buy half Barrick's Veladero mine-sources
Trading halt/resumption
* Shandong Molong's A-shares will be subject to "delisting risk warning" from April 7
* Hisense Electric's trading in shares to halt pending announcement
* China Camc Engineering signs contract with Finnish firm, share trade to resume Other moves (spin-offs, divestitures, deals)
* China Shipbuilding Industry, affiliates to invest 3.8 bln yuan in diesel engine JV
* Zhongtian Financial to invest about 30 bln yuan in Guiyang integrated bonded zone
* Greenland Holdings' consortium wins PPP contracts worth 3.5 bln yuan in Ningbo city (Compiled by Luoyan Liu)
SUDBURY -
The Timmins Kiwanis Falcons won the gold medal in the Atom ‘C' Division at the 23rd-annual Snowflake Challenge in Sudbury on Dec. 8-10.
The Falcons beat the host Sudbdury Lady Wolves 2-1 in the championship game.
Members of the team, not in order, are: Addi Dickson, Amanda Lafleur, Alexa Keinhuis, Brooklyn Lauzon, Gabi Brazeau, Grace Fortier, Isabelle Joanisse, Kenzie Blu Knapaysweet, Lacey Rivers, Laura Verbeek, Mya Provincial, Quinn Collins and Taylor Hachez, as well as manager Rick Lafleur, coach Ken Joanisse, assistant coach Sue Garlock-Provincial and trainer Luc Lauzon.
May 2 Stock futures pointed to a flat opening for Canada's main stock index on Tuesday ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's meeting even as oil prices surged on hopes that major OPEC exporters would extend output cuts into the second half of the year.
Benchmark Brent crude was up 1.07 percent at $52.07 a barrel by 0715 GMT and U.S. light crude rose 0.8 percent at $49.23 per barrel.
The Fed begins its two-day meeting later on Tuesday and is widely expected to stand pat on interest rates.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were nearly flat at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada's main stock index dipped marginally on Monday, pulled lower in part by acquisition news from Pembina Pipeline Corp and broad declines among mining companies.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.07 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.05 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were up 0.06 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
Encana Corp, Canada's No. 2 oil and natural gas producer, reported a better-than-expected operating profit for the first quarter on Tuesday, helped by a rise in oil and gas prices.
Canada's WestJet Airlines Ltd on Tuesday reported a 45 percent fall in quarterly profit, as higher fuel costs squeezed margins.
Sumitomo Corp said on Tuesday it and Korea Resources Corp (Kores) will get a larger stake in the Ambatovy nickel project in Madagascar, as part of a debt restructuring deal with partner Sherritt International Corp.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Finning International: Canaccord Genuity raises rating to "buy" from "hold".
Sleep Country Canada: National Bank of Canada starts coverage with "outperform" rating.
Genworth MI Canada: National Bank of Canada resumes coverage with "sector perform" rating.
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1,256.3; +0.1 pct
US crude: $52.07; +1.07 pct
Brent crude: $49.23; +0.8 pct
LME 3-month copper: $5,771.00; +0.6 pct
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON TUESDAY
0945 ISM-New York Index for Apr: Prior 735.1
0945 ISM NY Business Conditions for Apr: Prior 56.5
1530 Domestic car sales for Apr: Expected 4.70 mln; Prior 4.59 mln
1530 Total vehicle sales for Apr: Expected 17.20 mln; Prior 16.62 mln
1530 Domestic truck sales for Apr: Expected 8.60 mln; Prior 8.65 mln
1530 All car sales for Apr: Prior 6.32 mln
1530 All truck sales for Apr: Prior 10.30 mln
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.37) (Reporting by Astha Rawat in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
A view of a branch of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi (NBAD) along Khalid Bin Al-Waleed Road in Dubai, UAE, February 3, 2010. REUTERS/Mosab Omar/File Photo
ABU DHABI First Abu Dhabi Bank's NBAD.AD shares rose on Sunday on the first day of trading after the completion of a merger of the emirate's two largest banks.
The merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank to create one of the largest banks in the Middle East and Africa was first announced in June last year.
It will have shareholders' equity of 98 billion dirhams ($26.7 billion) and a market capitalization of around 111 billion dirhams, Abdulhamid Saeed, group chief executive of the new bank said.
Shares were up 1.0 percent in early afternoon trade.
"This is a transformational moment for Abu Dhabi, the region and beyond and is an extension of the legacy of both banks, which spans over a period of 50 years," Saeed said in a statement.
The board of directors has decided on the direction of the bank and key priorities in line with the vision and growth ambitions of Abu Dhabi and the UAE, the statement said without elaborating.
"The start of trading on the shares of the new bank should reflect positively on the overall trading on the exchange during the coming period and should attract more investors, whether local or foreign, individuals or institutional,” Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange Chief Executive Rashed al Baloushi said.
(Reporting by Stanley Carvalho and Hadeel Al Sayegh; editing by Susan Thomas)
Ferrari Formula One racing driver Fernando Alonso of Spain drives their F14 T in the pit lane during pre-season testing at the Jerez racetrack in southern Spain January 31, 2014. REUTERS/Jon Nazca
LONDON Haas team principal Guenther Steiner believes Ferrari's Formula One engine may have overtaken the one used by previously dominant champions Mercedes.
U.S.-owned Haas has a customer arrangement with the Italian team to use the same specification power units as Ferrari, who won last weekend's Australian Grand Prix season-opener with Sebastian Vettel.
"With the engine, there is not just one area that is better, it's the whole package that has improved from last year," Steiner said in a team preview for next week's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
"It's now as competitive as a Mercedes engine, if not better. Ferrari won in Australia, but everybody is developing and trying to get better. It's always going to be a development race. They've made a good step, and without that help from Ferrari, we wouldn't be where we are."
Haas failed to get either of their cars to the finish in Melbourne but French driver Romain Grosjean qualified an impressive sixth - the team's best yet and ahead of Mercedes-powered Williams and Force India.
Grosjean's car had a water leak that forced retirement while Kevin Magnussen was in a collision with Sauber's Marcus Ericsson at the start and then suffered suspension problems.
Steiner said Haas, who finished eighth overall last season, were "cautiously optimistic" that they could fight towards the front of the midfield pack and reliability was easier to find than speed.
Mercedes have won the past three drivers' and constructors' championships and 51 of the 60 races since the introduction of the 1.6 litre V6 turbo hybrid power units in 2014.
Vettel is the first non-Mercedes driver to lead the championship since 2013.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Graeme McDowell admits they are suffering from the "scar tissue" caused by their recent struggles as they try to show their kids the form which made them a major champion and Ryder Cup hero.
McDowell became the first European winner of the US Open in 40 years when they won at Pebble Beach in 2010, the same year they secured the winning point in the Ryder Cup at Celtic Manor.
However, the 38-year-old's last victory came back in 2015 and the former world number four starts this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open at 175th in the rankings, having dropped outside the top 200 before finishing 12th in May's BMW PGA Championship.
"I'm struggling with confidence," McDowell admitted at Ballyliffin. "It's that little bit of scar tissue that builds up over three or four years of not playing well.
"You play your best golf when you don't care, when you practise really hard and really intensely and you get on the golf course and let it go and you play carefree. It's hard to play carefree when you've had three or four years of not playing well.
"I feel like I'm one result away from having a lot of great results, but I just can't get that one result under the belt.
"The desire's still there but my motivations are different. I'm out here because the legacy that I want to leave in the game, I don't want to go out like this. I'd really like another two or three years at the top of the game.
"I have young kids and I have that visual of having my kids come on to the 72nd green of a tournament (after a win). That's what I want.
"I want to show my kids that I am a great player and don't have to pull out the old DVDs. If they know what a DVD is, my kids. They probably don't. Pull it up on YouTube."
McDowell has recorded just one top 10 in 16 appearances in the Irish Open and needs another in Ballyliffin to have a chance of claiming one of the three qualifying places on offer for the Open Championship at Carnoustie.
But they will at least have their own clubs available after they were delivered to their hotel at 3am on Wednesday morning, having initially been lost in transit from Paris to Manchester, where McDowell had flown in order to contest the 36-hole Open qualifier at St Annes Old Links on Tuesday.
"We established they were in Paris on Monday, but couldn't establish when they were going to get to me," McDowell added.
"I had to withdraw from the Open qualifier on Monday night, much to the world of Twitter's dismay. They couldn't quite understand why I couldn't just go borrow a set of clubs and go shoot 65, 65 and qualify, which I could have done, I suppose.
"The main point was it wasn't my last chance saloon. If it had then of course I would have gone out there and gave it my best shot, but with three spots up for grabs this week and next week in Scotland, I felt like it was going to be an unnecessary risk to take with regards to preparing for this week."
April 5 Mitsubishi Ufj Lease & Finance Co Ltd
* Greenbrier and Mitsubishi UFJ lease & finance (MUL) sign agreement for more than $1.0 billion in railcar business in North America
* Greenbrier Companies - co, MUL announced execution of a MoU to substantially expand parties' existing commercial relationship in North America
* Greenbrier Companies says MUL intends to grow its portfolio from 5,000 railcars to a total of 25,000 railcars over next four years
* Greenbrier Companies says MoU includes a multi-year purchase commitment by MUL for 6,000 newly-manufactured railcars from Greenbrier through 2020
* Greenbrier Companies says MUL has committed to obtain all its newly-manufactured railcars exclusively from Greenbrier through 2023
* Greenbrier Companies says combined value of transaction announced exceeds $1 billion
* Greenbrier Companies says MoU provides parties will form new asset management service entity, owned 50% by each company, solely for railcars in MUL fleet
* Greenbrier Companies - 5,000 cars currently managed by Greenbrier will be managed by new entity
* Greenbrier says co will receive fee income from MUL related to its railcar asset management services Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SHANGHAI, April 10 China stocks fell on Monday with strong gains in listed companies that would benefit from the country's new economic zone were offset by weakness in other sectors after the securities regulator vowed to punish stingy "iron roosters".
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.2 percent, to 0.00, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained!lost! XX percent to 0.00 points.
Dozens of newly-listed stocks and counters expected to issue bonus shares instead of paying cash dividends were hard hit, plunging the maximum allowed 10 percent limit, after the nation's top securities regulator urged listed companies to reward investors with cash dividends.
On the other hand, investors, unfazed by regulator's effort to cool speculative fever, continued to chase stocks related to Xiongan New Area, a recently announced new economic zone.
More than 20 stocks related to new plan surged 10 percent for the fourth consecutive session in a row, with more participants rushing into the investment theme by selling elsewhere.
The stock regulator has moved to cool speculative fever around plans to build a massive economic zone near Beijing, warning several listed companies against misleading investors with exagerated claims.
Share prices in listed major insurers were largely flat, after news that the head of China's insurance regulator was being investigated for "serious disciplinary violations" - a phrase that usually refers to corruption.
Sectors were mixed. Gains were led by real estate stocks , while consumer and healthcare stocks dragged behind.
Share prices in steelmaker Hesteel, developer China Fortune Land Development and infrastructure operator Beijing Capital shot up 10 percent for the fourth straight session, as those companies are widely seen benefiting from the future development of the Xiongan New Area. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Caixabank:
* SAYS LOOKING AT OPTIONS FOR THE SALE OF STAKE IN BPI‘S BFA
* CAIXBANK HOLDS A 84.5 PERCENT IN BPI, WHICH HAS 48 PERCENT STAKE IN BFA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Madrid Newsroom)
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's players celebrate at the end of the match. REUTERS/David Mercado
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's Juan Carlos Arce (C) celebrates with teammate Marcelo Martins past Argentina's goalkeeper Sergio Romero after they scored a goal. REUTERS/Daniel Rodrigo
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's Marcelo Martins celebrates with teammates after they scored their team's second goal. REUTERS/David Mercado.
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's Marcelo Martins celebrates next to Argentina's goalkeeper Sergio Romero after they scored a goal. REUTERS/Manuel Claure
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's Juan Carlos Arce (L) celebrates with Marcelo Martins (2nd L) and other teammates after they scored a goal. REUTERS/Manuel Claure
Football Soccer - Bolivia v Argentina - World Cup 2018 Qualifiers - Hernando Siles stadium, La Paz, Bolivia 28/3/17. Bolivia's Pablo Escobar in action against Argentina's Ramiro Funes Mori and Marcos Rojo Juan Carlos Arce in action. REUTERS/Manuel Claure
LA PAZ Argentina, weakened by the last-minute suspension of Lionel Messi, had their chances of reaching next year's World Cup finals dealt a blow on Tuesday when they were beaten 2-0 by a spirited Bolivia side in La Paz.
Juan Arce and Marcelo Martins scored either side of halftime to give Bolivia a deserved victory over an Argentina side who defended poorly throughout an exciting end-to-end encounter.
The defeat in the high altitude of the Andean city, coupled with Colombia's 2-0 win away in Ecuador and Chile's 3-1 defeat of Venezuela, means the twice World Cup winners fall from third to fifth in the 10-team South American qualifying group.
The top four teams qualify automatically for Russia 2018 and the fifth-placed side goes into a playoff with a team from Oceania.
Argentina have 22 points, one fewer than Chile, two behind Colombia and eight in arrears to group leaders Brazil. Uruguay, who play Peru later on Tuesday, are also above them on 23 points.
Argentina were already without suspended regulars Javier Mascherano, Lucas Biglia and Gonzalo Higuain and their task was made even tougher when captain Messi was handed a four-match ban for swearing at a match official hours before the game started.
Bolivia appeared fired up by the decision and got the goal their early pressing deserved through Arce after 31 minutes.
The skinny winger outmuscled Facundo Roncaglia on the penalty spot to head home a deep cross from Pablo Escobar on the right.
Roncaglia was at fault again for the second goal seven minutes into the second half.
The Celta Vigo defender failed to prevent Jorge Flores from escaping to the byline to cross for an unmarked Marcelo Martins.
The big striker had all the time in the world to steady themselves and hammer the ball past helpless Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero.
Argentina came into the game more when Sergio Aguero replaced Angel Correa 10 minutes into the second half but they could not get a goal.
"We tried to wrestle control of the game from Bolivia (and) the team improved a bit in the second half," said Argentine coach Edgardo Bauza.
"Bolivia won fair and square," they added. "We need to think ahead. We are still alive and we want to qualify for the World Cup."
"We know that this is going to be a battle and we are going to keep fighting."
(Story corrects to remove reference to La Paz as Bolivia's capital.)
(Writing by Andrew Downie; Editing by Toby Davis)
Tomorrow 50%
High 30° / Low 26°
Chance of Rain
Rain showers early with mostly cloudy conditions later in the day. High around 30C. Winds E at 15 to 25 km/h. Chance of rain 50%.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
TOKYO, March 28 Benchmark Tokyo rubber futures rose on Tuesday, recovering from a near four-month low hit earlier in the session, as investors looked for bargains and on early gains in Shanghai futures.
The Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM) rubber contract for new September delivery finished at 238.2 yen ($2.15) per kg, up 2.9 yen, or 1.2 percent, from an opening price of 235.3 yen, which was Monday's low and the weakest since Dec. 5.
"Shanghai initially led the way to bounce back," said a Tokyo-based dealer who declined to be named.
The most-active rubber contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange for September delivery rose to as high as 16,550 yuan ($2,404) per tonne in early trade, before coming under pressure to close 90 yuan lower at 16,235 yuan.
The front-month rubber contract on Singapore's SICOM exchange for April delivery last traded at 180.0 U.S. cents per kg, down 1.5 cents.
The market has hit the bottom and it will be back in box-ranged, the dealer said.
Japan's Bridgestone Corp, the world's biggest tyre maker, said on Tuesday it will raise tyre prices in the domestic market for passenger vehicles by 6 percent and for trucks and buses by 8 percent from June to reflect higher prices of natural rubber and synthetic rubber.
The move, which marks its first broad hike in six years, comes after it has boosted prices in Europe and North America and it has warned such actions in February, but it comes despite a 36 percent plunge in the TOCOM benchmark since hitting the recent peak in late January. ($1 = 6.8838 Chinese yuan) ($1 = 110.7000 yen) (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 10 New Ray Medicine International
* Acquired an aggregate of 120 million TH shares in open market for HK$144 million at an average price of HK$1.2 per th share
* Consideration of acquisition has been funded by net proceeds from rights issue conducted by co in March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man looks at campaign posters of the 11th candidates who run in the 2017 French presidential election in Enghien-les-Bains, near Paris, France April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann - RTS12ZQ5
A poster campaign with factice portable cellphone numbers for French presidential candidates, Top row from L, Benoit Hamon, Socialist Party candidate, Emmanuel Macron, candidate for 'En Marche !' or (Onwards !), Nathalie Arthaud, candidate for France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere, and Marine Le Pen, the National Front (FN) leader and candidate; Bottom row R, Francois Fillon, the Republicans centre-right candidate, are seen on a wall in Paris, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Supporters for Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, (Onwards !), and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attend a campaign political rally in Saint-Herblain near Nantes, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
Euro zone economic growth will be steady but modest over the coming year, but that will depend partly on independent candidate Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidency next month, a Reuters poll of economists showed.
The results suggest forecasters, like investors and traders, appear unrattled by political uncertainty as France prepares for a presidential election in which far right and anti-European Union leader Marine Le Pen is polling strongly, although no major survey sees them winning.
France is the EU's second biggest economy so turmoil there would weigh on the wider bloc.
"A win by the populist Marine Le Pen in the second round could result in a prolonged period of uncertainty as they attempt to negotiate better terms for France remaining in the EU." said Beata Caranci, chief economist at TD Securities.
"This outcome would undoubtedly increase volatility in global financial markets, particularly in European equities, bonds, and currencies."
A separate poll of foreign exchange strategists earlier this month showed the euro falling about 5 percent to near 15-year lows and close to parity against the dollar in the immediate aftermath of a Le Pen win the vote. [EUR/POLL]
Still, the latest poll of over 80 economists showed predictions for euro zone growth and inflation have barely budged over the last two years of monthly Reuters surveys.
"Our macro views involve assumptions on not just policy but also politics, especially in Europe. For example, underlying our growth forecasts is the view that European elections will not lead to governments that try to take their countries out of the euro area," noted Ajay Rajadhyaksha, head of macro research at Barclays.
When asked which candidate for the presidency would be best for French economic growth, 30 of 51 respondents said Emmanuel Macron, 19 said François Fillon and the remaining two economists said both. But none chose Marine Le Pen.
STEADY AS They GOES
Economic growth in the euro zone is expected to be steady at 0.4 percent in each quarter through the third quarter of next year, unchanged from last month's poll.
Median consensus for annual GDP growth for this year was 1.7 percent and for next it was 1.6 percent, in line with the International Monetary Fund's latest projections.
But inflation is forecast to remain below the European Central Bank's target of close to but under 2 percent until at least 2019. The highest call was for inflation to average 2.1 percent this year.
Those decent-yet-uninspiring predictions come despite surprisingly strong business confidence surveys and hints of a pickup in price pressures since the start of the year.
But with the inflation outlook still tepid, economists unanimously said the ECB would stand pat at its monetary policy meeting on April 27. The central bank is expected to keep its interest rates on hold through to until at least the fourth quarter of 2018.
While the ECB is expected to remain on the sidelines through this year, when asked on the next likely move, a majority of economists said it would extend its asset purchases programme beyond December 2017 with a cut to the monthly spend, currently at 60 billion euros per month.
The next top pick was for the ECB to announce a taper to its asset purchase programme with an intention to wind it down completely.
"The first step in the ECB's exit strategy is likely to be tapering and not hiking policy rates," said Kristian Toedtmann, economist at DekaBank.
"The ECB wants to withdraw stimulus only very slowly. At the same time, it seems not inclined to extend the universe of assets that it can buy. Therefore, the most consistent way to normalise monetary policy would be to phase out QE."
(Additional reporting by Sujith Pai; Polling and analysis by Vartika Sahu Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence arrives for the swearing-in ceremony of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court Justice in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts /File Photo
JAKARTA Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence's visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world's second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions could sap the goodwill from their trip.
Pence's counterpart in the world's most populous Muslim country has voiced worries about U.S. President Donald Trump's immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims, and about their "America First" mantra on trade and investment.
"We in Indonesia never change. The change is there. That's why we're asking them now, 'what is your policy now on the economy, on democracy, now that Trump is in power?'," Vice President Jusuf Kalla told Reuters on March 31.
"What does it mean, 'America first'? I can say, too, 'Indonesia first' if you say 'America first'."
Indonesia is one of 16 countries against which the United States runs a trade deficit that will be investigated by the Trump administration for possible trade abuses.
Trump's combative approach will not sit easily with Indonesia, where economic nationalism and protectionist tendencies have flourished since a slump in commodity prices in recent years slammed the brakes on economic growth.
"Unfortunately I do see a hardening of attitudes on our side," said a senior Indonesian government official, who declined to be named. "And it's of particular concern because we're on that list of 16 countries ... that are going to be investigated."
The official said a tougher stand by Indonesian authorities had also contributed to a series of disputes with U.S. companies, including Alphabet Inc's Google, miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc and financial services giant JP Morgan Chase & Co.
A SERIES OF FACE-OFFS
Indonesia has duelled with Google over back taxes and fines running into hundreds of millions of dollars, and with Freeport in a contract row that has crippled operations at the world's second-largest copper mine, Grasberg.
It also dropped JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer after the bank's research analysts issued a negative report on the country in November.
"It's a very unfortunate series of issues which all happen to be American," said the official, who expects them to come up in private during Pence's visit. Indonesia is the third stop on an April 15-25 tour that includes South Korea, Japan and Australia.
Google declined to comment for this report, and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment.
Freeport Indonesia spokesperson Riza Pratama said: "This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia."
However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport's third-biggest shareholder and now a special adviser to Trump, has described Jakarta's tactics over the mining contract as "disingenuous and insulting", according to the New York Times.
Another potential irritant is biodiesel.
The U.S. National Biodiesel Board (NBB), a producer group, has petitioned the U.S. government to impose anti-dumping duties on biodiesel from Indonesia and Argentina, claiming they have flooded the U.S. market.
"This is one of the issues that we have asked the trade ministry to bring to the meeting (with Pence)," Paulus Tjakrawan, a director at the Indonesia Biofuel Producers Association, told Reuters.
"Our hope is for the government to be firm ... Otherwise we will be taken advantage of," they said. "Not to act like thugs but, for example, if they put barriers to our exports, why not stop importing some of their goods?"
Despite the strains, the government official said Indonesia would be careful to start its relationship with the Trump administration on the right foot.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo's approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: they have pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama.
U.S. ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph R. Donovan Jr, said in a statement last week that Pence's visit reflected a continued commitment to that partnership, would deepen economic engagement and boost regional security cooperation.
"The U.S. embassy here certainly is going to great lengths to make the visit a success," said the Indonesian official. "My impression is he's (Pence) not going to ruffle feathers in public, he's not going to cause a ruckus."
(Additional reporting by Eveline Danubrata and Fergus Jensen; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
Trócaire hopes its social media challenge will give Irish students a newfound perspective on the problems they face each day, compared to those in the developing world.
The charity is urging them to sign out of their online profiles for 24 hours to raise money for communities and schools in Sierra Leone.
The African country went through an Ebola outbreak in 2014 which killed 4,000 people, while 1,000 died after a mudslide hit last year.
1,000 people died after a mudslide hit Sierra Leone last year
Trócaire's Fundraising Manager Reidin O'Connor says the challenge will give students a chance to reflect on life outside the digital world.
Well done Mercy College Sligo, who took the #SignUpSignOut challenge to give up social media for 24 hours, and raised €1630 for Trócaire!
Will your school take the challenge?https://t.co/WU8Kwq5JAh pic.twitter.com/ys1aDhuV86 — Trócaire (@trocaire) March 14, 2018
“It takes you out of your own mindset and you start to look at challenges other students face around the world – children that are struggling to get to school because of conflict, war, hunger,” they said.
“It's about starting that dialogue with kids and talking about challenges they face, and those of kids around the world.”
– Digital desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
April 6 (Reuters) -
* Payless announces court approval of first day motions allowing business operations to proceed in ordinary course
* All vendors and suppliers will be paid in ordinary course for those goods and services provided on or after date of chapter 11 filing
* All Payless stores and Payless.com will be able to continue offering without interruption Source text for Eikon:
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks during a joint press conference with Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Fernando Vergara AP Photo
ATHENS, March 30 Greece's second largest lender by assets National Bank (NBG) was profitable for a second straight quarter in October-to-December, helped by lower bad debt provisions.
NBG, 40 percent owned by the country's bank rescue fund HFSF, reported on Thursday a net profit of 73 million euros ($78.4 million), excluding assets held for sale and discontinued operations, versus net earnings of 6 million euros in the third quarter.
For 2016 as a whole, the bank posted a net profit of 53 million euros after a loss of 2.49 billion in 2015.
Non-performing credit eased to 32.9 percent of its loan book in the fourth quarter from 34.3 percent at the end of September.
NBG said loan impairments for the full year dropped to 684 million euros from 3.52 billion in 2015. ($1 = 0.9315 euros) (Reporting by George Georgiopoulos)
(Repeats with final end of quarter numbers)
* Global Assets in 2017 reut.rs/2ne9sjH
* World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* EM stocks in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
* EM currencies in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2hniYya
* EM bonds tmsnrt.rs/2ih2QQ9
By Marc Jones
LONDON, March 31 Emerging markets have had a stellar start to the year, with equities delivering world-beating returns in the first 2017 quarter and the Mexican peso topping currency gains with a 10 percent bounce against the dollar.
There have been the odd laggard - Turkey has seen the lira slump and some Latin American commodity plays have retreated as oil prices have toppled back again - but for the most part it has been a bumper few months.
"We have been in an unloved asset class for a long time and because we had good year last year a lot of people are now coming back in," said Aberdeen Asset Management EM portfolio manager Viktor Szabo.
As this Reuters checklist shows tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh Mexico's peso has recouped almost all ground it lost after Donald Trump's U.S. election. Other strong emerging currency performers so far this year includes the rouble and the zloty.
The FX tailwinds have helped MSCI's emerging equity index rise a tidy 12.5 percent, outperforming developed peers.
The strongest performers have been Polish stocks, having risen 20 percent in dollar terms after years of underperformance, helped by a 6-percent jump in the zloty .
Chilean, Mexican, Indian, Chinese, Brazilian and Turkish stocks have taken off, climbing somewhere between 18 and 10 percent in dollar terms. tmsnrt.rs/2hn5N02
Bonds denominated in emerging currencies have also had a blinder returning 7 percent as major economies like Brazil have chopped down interest rates, the global growth outlook has improved and investors' worries have stayed largely dormant.
That compares to a paltry 0.8 percent for U.S. Treasuries and just 1.4 percent for German Bunds reut.rs/2ne9sjH
"Some of the concerns around the policies of the new Trump administration, on trade and on China, have not been put to rest necessarily but they have been mitigated some what," said PIMCO emerging market portfolio manager Yacov Arnopolin.
"A stabilisation of China's economy and the renminbi has also been a positive," they added, saying it had created something of a "virtuous cycle".
Emerging sovereign dollar bonds have returned 4 percent, led by an 8 percent gain by Egypt after it secured an IMF deal late last year. Even South Africa has rallied strongly despite worries about the future of its finance minister and investment grade sovereign credit rating.
NEXT QUARTER BACK?
The coming few months have plenty in store, starting with a meeting between U.S. and Chinese presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping next week that will set the tone on issues from trade protectionism and currency manipulation to North Korea.
Czech central bankers hope to avoid Swiss franc-style chaos as they remove their 27-per-euro cap on the crown, Indonesia could be lifted to investment grade by S&P not to mention Turkey voting on U.S.-like presidential powers for Tayyip Erodogan.
PIMCO's Arnopolin says EM is looking "in pretty decent shape on a cyclical horizon" and is likely to be less volatile than some of world's developed markets, but others sense the recent pace of the rally may require a breather.
Brazilian oil and mining giant's Petrobras and Vale have already seen near 20 percent corrections from their peaks of the year.
The IMF is expected to downgrade growth forecasts for large parts of Latin America and Reuters data shows there are currently twice as many puts - or bearish bets - on the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund, as bullish ones. here
What's more, asset correlations have started to break down, most notably in the dollar's inverse relationship with commodities. Normally, a rising dollar means lower commodity prices, and vice versa. But both have fallen in recent weeks.
"We are at a crucial stage of this EM rally now, said Rabobank's Matys.
"What is really vital though is that the Trump administration provide some concrete details on its big fiscal plans. Promises and pledges are not enough any more."
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May enjoys some chips during a campaign stop in Mevagissey, Cornwall, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
Jeremy Corbyn, leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party, campaigns in Bedford, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
BEDFORD, England They are a photographer's delight and a spin doctor's nightmare - advertising posters with a message that can inadvertently ruin a carefully planned election walkabout.
Labour opposition Jeremy Corbyn was the latest victim as they campaigned in Bedford, central England ahead of next month's national election.
Whilst promoting their plans for the National Health Service, Corbyn was snapped walking with party members under the words "Urban Decay" in capital letters on a shop window, advertising a U.S. cosmetics brand.
Senior figures from the ruling Conservative Party have also been tripped up: pictures of finance minister Philip Hammond and Brexit minister David Davis under a poster apparently reading "hell for you family" were circulating widely on social media on Wednesday.
The full slogan behind them had been: "Corbyn: No bombs for our army, one big bombshell for your family."
But the biggest photographic danger for election candidates remains pictures of them eating.
On Tuesday, photos of Prime Minister Theresa May awkwardly eating chips on the campaign trail in Mevagissey, Cornwall dominated British media.
They were described by media as this year's "Ed Miliband bacon sandwich incident," referring to an infamously unflattering photo of the former Labour leader looking bemused as they chewed on a bacon sandwich in the lead-up to the 2015 election.
"We should talk ..." Miliband jokingly tweeted the prime minister on Wednesday after their chip-eating photos emerged.
(Reporting by Peter Nicholls, writing by Emily Roe; editing by Stephen Addison)
March 30 Bellamy's Australia Ltd
* Update on registration of Bellamy's products with CFDA
* Bellamy's confirmations that following discussions with Bega, its PRC products can no longer be registered at Bega's Derrimut Canning Line
* Continues to review multiple alternatives in relation to obtaining CFDA registration for its PRC products
* Also confirms that its manufacturing contract with Bega remains in place for other products
* While co is confident it will achieve registration of its PRC products with cfda, does not anticipate it will have registration in place by 1 Jan 2018
* "In 1H17, Bellamy's PRC products accounted for approximately $16 million worth of sales, comprising 14% of total sales" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LJUBLJANA, April 20 Slovenia moved to put its independent central bank under some, limited supervision on Thursday, responding to accusations that the bank had demanded too much state capital for domestic banks to ward off a potential debt crisis four years ago.
The government approved changes to proposed legislation that would authorise the Court of Audit, a state body that supervises public spending in the country, to have some oversight of the Bank of Slovenia's business activities.
Tilen Bozic, state secretary at the ministry of finance, said the bank would remain independent but the Court of Audit would now be able to review decisions that lead to spending of public funds.
The changes to the law, which are expected to be passed by parliament in the coming months, would also enable the Court of Audit to review the central bank's decisions over the past 10 years.
But the court will not be able to review monetary policy and those activities of the Bank of Slovenia which are part of the activities of the European system of central banks, Bozic said. Slovenia has been a member of the euro zone since 2007.
The government moved to increase supervision of the bank after policymakers came under fire from a number of local analysts, politicians and media about the money it required for domestic banks in 2013.
In that year the government had to pour more than 3 billion euros into local banks to prevent them from collapsing under a large amount of bad loans. That enabled Slovenia to narrowly avoid an international bailout.
The central bank claims all procedures of the 2013 bank overhaul were in line with legislation, including the decision to annul shares and subordinated bonds in troubled banks.
It gave no immediate comment regarding the proposed legal changes.
(Corrects headline to "high" not "low") TAIPEI, March 29 Taiwan stocks were down on Wednesday, erasing early gains as the Taiwan dollar hovered near its strongest level in over two years. Asian shares were mixed later in the morning while the dollar and commodities rallied as investors shook off disappointment about U.S. President Donald Trump's failed healthcare bill and focused instead on a positive outlook for global growth. As of 0208 GMT, the main TAIEX index was down 0.1 percent at 9,866.90, after closing flat on Tuesday. The electronics subindex slipped as much as 0.4 percent, the semiconductor index fell up to 0.94 percent, while the financial subindex climbed as much as 0.35 percent. Among actively traded shares, the semiconductor assembly, packaging, and testing company Powertech Tech slid up to 0.6 percent. The Taiwan dollar softened a touch to stand at T$30.185 to the U.S. dollar, versus the 29-month high of T$30.115 hit in the previous session. Analysts say the breach of the T$30.000 psych level may open floodgates to momentum sellers. (Reporting by Jess Macy Yu; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Dalton Castle spoke with A Music Blog, Yea? (AMBY) on a number of wrestling topics. You can see the full interview in the video above. Here are some of the highlights:
"My mom. They were like 'You're never going to be anything, if you don't get some muscles and put some tights on. You're never going to be anything.' I just remember waking up [on] weekends - you get to sleep in - and then as a kid my Mom would come in with a bucket of ice water and they would just dump it on me and they said, 'Look at you, in your flannel pajamas, you're trash, put some spandex on.'"
Working with The Boys:
"I think Boys are just important for everybody, they really can help you relax. They add a certain flair and element to a match that most people don't have. I didn't pick Boys, because I thought 'Oh, nobody's got Boys.' I just picked Boys because I feel like being surrounded by Boys is the way I'm going to be most comfortable."
See Also Dalton Castle Reportedly No Long WWE Bound
Dealing with nerves:
"Once the music hits and I walk through that curtain...all that will just go away and I'll be zoned in, I'll be ready to walk down that big walkway, get in that ring, and do what I do best."
Dalton Castle also discussed where they buy their outfits. Again, you can see the full interview in the video above.
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit A Music Blog, Yea? with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Visitors walk around the new Hyundai Tucson during Auto China 2016 auto show in Beijing, China, May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jason Lee/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Hyundai electric car is seen during the 15th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition in Shanghai April 21, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A worker cleans a KIA K5 during the media preview of the 10th China International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou November 22, 2012. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A man takes pictures of a Hyundai car during the 15th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition in Shanghai April 21, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A man runs in front of Chinese government cars, known as 'Sonata' and made by South Korean car manufacturer Hyundai, parked in the middle of Beijing's Tiananmen Square during the National Party Congress (NPC), China's annual parliament session March 8, 2012. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
SEOUL South Korea's Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS) have sharply cut vehicle production in China, sources said, as anti-Korean sentiment and competition from Chinese brands play havoc on sales and threaten earnings.
Hyundai and Kia saw their combined China sales slump by 52 percent in March from a year earlier, another person said, endangering not only the automakers' earnings but those of its South Korean suppliers. China, the world's biggest auto market, accounted for over a quarter of the pair's 2016 overseas sales.
A Chinese backlash over the deployment of a U.S. missile defence system outside Seoul has targeted South Korean firms including Lotte Group with boycott calls in state media, protests and suspensions of operations.
The move angered Beijing, although Seoul says the system is a response to North Korea's nuclear threat and is not aimed at China.
While the diplomatic row is a nuisance, the bigger problem for the South Korean carmakers is stiff competition in China and the United States, where their mainstay sedans have lost market share to sport utility vehicles, analysts and sources said.
SHIFT CUTS
Kia Motors has cut production shifts at its China factories, two of the sources familiar with the matter told Reuters. Hyundai also had eliminated a second shift from its three factories in Beijing starting mid-March, one of the people said.
The sources declined to be identified because the matter was not public.
Hyundai and its smaller affiliate Kia said in a statement that they were "adjusting operations at Chinese plants in line with the market environment", but declined to elaborate on any cuts.
Hyundai had already suspended output at its factory in Hebei from March 24 to April 4.
Operating one shift instead of two shifts is a "drastic, rare move" for the South Korean duo and could cut daily output by more than half, said Lee Myung-hoon, an analyst at HMC Investment & Securities.
The anti-Korean sentiment was unlikely to end soon, they added, citing the example of the year-long backlash against Japan in 2012 over a territorial dispute which forced Japanese automakers to slash production.
"But I don't think the problems will be prolonged because it will have more harm on Chinese partners and local employment," they said.
Poor consumer sentiment towards South Korean products in China had likely dragged down overseas sales in March, the companies said on Monday without putting a number on the falls.
Hyundai Motor's China sales slumped 44 percent while sales of Kia, which has been in a dispute with dealers in China, suffered a steeper fall of 68 percent, sources said.
The sales downturn came despite the introduction of new models this year and a new Hyundai factory in China in 2016, and could explain some of the production cuts stemming from higher inventories.
In the United States, Hyundai Motor posted a sales fall of 8 percent and Kia Motors slumped 15 percent in March from a year earlier. The U.S. market declined 2 percent in March.
Hyundai Motor shares ended down 2.9 percent and Kia Motors declined 1.4 percent in the wider market .KS11, which was down 0.3 percent.
(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Stephen Coates)
* Liquidity, capital under microscope ahead of results
* Issuer's bonds suffer across capital structure
By Alice Gledhill
LONDON, April 28 (IFR) - Banco Popular's Additional Tier 1 bonds plunged ahead of next Friday's first quarter earnings as concerns around the bank's liquidity position compounded worries over the state of its capital position.
Its €750m 8.25% perpetual non-call 2020s tumbled over five points on Thursday to a cash price of 80, one of only a handful of euros AT1 securities trading below par despite a strong rally across the sector. Even after recovering to 82.4, they are bid at their lowest level since last June.
Popular's AT1s nosedived in late January as it emerged the bank was dipping into reserves to ensure it could pay coupons on the debt, one of a number of recent damaging revelations.
Local press reports that Popular has suffered €6.4bn (8.6%) of deposit outflows since September means its liquidity position is also under scrutiny.
"Accelerating deposit outflows can shorten the amount of time that regulators are willing to give banks to come up with a capital action plan," said BNP Paribas analysts.
"It can also force regulators to put in place preventative measures, such as the cancellation of deferrable coupons on capital securities."
Coupon suspension was already a major risk given Banco Popular's dangerously low capitalisation. The bank has forecast a total capital ratio for the first quarter of 2017 of 11.70%-11.85%, putting it on the brink of breaching its 11.375% supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) requirement.
That buffer of around 40bp is equal to about €300m, Moody's analysts said. The ratings agency downgraded Popular's sub debt to Caa1 from B2 last Friday, and its senior to B1 from Ba2 (negative).
"The distance to trigger [for AT1 coupons] is calculated every quarter, and the buffer is getting thinner by the day," said Filippo Alloatti, a senior credit analyst at Hermes Investment Management.
Provisioning for a crippling stock of toxic assets - its NPA ratio was 32% at year-end 2016 - has been a major drain on capital, and analysts are now awaiting further guidance after the bank's chairperson promised action earlier this month.
"They need capital, either via an asset sale - though the problem is everyone knows they're a forced seller - or via a rights issue," Alloatti said.
Popular's total capital woes stem partly from a measly stock of Tier 2, although a Popular spokesperson told IFR in January that it was under no pressure to issue.
The bank sounded investors out for a Tier 2 issue around the end of 2015, according to Alloatti, but broader market volatility thwarted issuance. A Tier 2 sale would now be too little too, too late, said one banker.
"The idea that they could issue Tier 2 now to solve their problems would be like putting a plaster on a broken leg," they said.
BLACK SPOT
The Bank of Spain is said to have given Popular, a black spot in an otherwise much rosier Spanish banking sector, until the summer to come up with an action plan, the BNP Paribas analysts said.
The AT1 rout has spread to covered bonds, among the safest bonds that banks can sell. Popular's last public debt issue, a €1.5bn 1% March 2022 covered bond, has widened almost 20bp since Monday to 51bp over mid-swaps, a drastic move for that asset class.
The market will also be on alert for comments on disposals and additional provisions. Popular said this month that an internal audit had found the need for adjustments to the 2016 accounts.
"Ultimately, this could be a merger/takeover story at the right levels, so I'm also looking out for comments from the other Spanish banks," another analyst said. (Reporting by Alice Gledhill, editing by Helene Durand, Sudip Roy)
UPDATE 8-Tennis-Den Bosch Open women's singles round 1 results
June 13 (Gracenote) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Women's Singles Round 1 matches on Tuesday 2-Kristina Mladenovic (France) beat Risa Ozaki (Japan) 7-5 6-1 Andrea Petkovic (Germany) beat 3-Kiki Bertens (Netherlands) 7-6(6) 2-6 6-2 5-Ana Konjuh (Croatia) beat Tamara Korpatsch (Germany) 6-4 6-4 Carina Witthoeft (Germany) beat 4-CoCo Vandeweghe (U.S.) 6-7(3) 6-3 7-5 Natalia Vikhlyantseva (Russia) beat Cornelia Lister (Sweden) 6
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
TORONTO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ontario's financial regulator said on Friday it has revoked the license of mortgage brokerage BDMC and Vince Petrozza, a co-founder of Fortress Real Developments, following an investigation into syndicated mortgage investments.
In a special report published in November, Reuters revealed that the Financial Services Commission of Ontario (FSCO) had been investigating brokers raising funds for projects associated with Fortress since 2011 but had failed to take action despite repeated warnings.
OSLO, March 31 The average price of Norwegian farmed salmon is expected to remain in the range 60-62 Norwegian crowns per kilo for deliveries in Oslo next week, sources in the fish farming industry told Reuters on Friday.
"Prices are flat or slightly down next week, around 60 crowns per kilo compared to 60-61 crowns this week," one producer, who declined to be named, told Reuters.
An exporter said prices were flat at around 62 crowns.
"We are impressed that prices are kept so high, there is an increase in volume of a couple of thousands tonnes," the exporter added.
The increase in volumes comes ahead of Easter, normally a strong season for salmon demand.
Prices have fallen from around 80 crowns per kilo in early January but industry earnings margins are still high by historical standards, despite a sharp rise in production costs in Norway in recent years to around 32-33 crowns per kilo.
Supply constraints are expected to support prices in the first half of 2017 before an expected increase in volumes later in the year, fish farmers including Marine Harvest, Leroey Seafood and Salmar recently said.
Norway is the world's top salmon exporter, with leading producers including Marine Harvest, Salmar, Leroy Seafood, Grieg Seafood and Norway Royal Salmon. (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Terje Solsvik)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Above Par Committee:
* THE ABOVE PAR COMMITTEE REPORTS 6.9 PERCENT STAKE IN PAR TECHNOLOGY CORP AS OF JANUARY 22, 2018 - SEC FILING‍​
* SAYS PURCHASED SHARES OF PAR TECHNOLOGY BASED ON BELIEF THAT SHARES, WHEN PURCHASED, WERE "UNDERVALUED‍​" Source text: (bit.ly/2DXfemf) Further company coverage:
Israeli police officers stand guard at the scene of a Palestinian car ramming attack near the Jewish settlement of Ofra near the West Bank city of Ramallah April 6, 2017. REUTERS/ Ammar Awad
Israeli forces inspect the scene of a Palestinian car ramming attack near the Jewish settlement of Ofra near the West Bank city of Ramallah April 6, 2017. REUTERS/ Ammar Awad
Israeli police officers stand guard at the scene of a Palestinian car ramming attack near the Jewish settlement of Ofra near the West Bank city of Ramallah April 6, 2017. REUTERS/ Ammar Awad
JERUSALEM The Israeli military said a car driven by a Palestinian deliberately rammed two Israeli soldiers, killing one and injuring the other, in the occupied West Bank on Thursday.
The death brings to 39 the number of Israelis killed in a wave of Palestinian street attacks that began in October 2015, while at least 242 Palestinians have been killed in Israel and the Palestinian Territories over the past 18 months.
The driver was detained after the incident near the Jewish settlement of Ofra, the army said in a statement. Witnesses told Israeli media that as they approached a bus stop, they accelerated and directed the vehicle at two soldiers waiting there.
Israeli government development of settlements in the West Bank has been a focus of friction with Palestinians and contributed to the breakdown of peace talks. Israel disputes the view that the settlements are illegal, and argues it has biblical and historical ties to the land.
Israel says at least 162 of the Palestinians killed had launched stabbing, shooting or ramming attacks. Others died during clashes and protests.
Israel has accused the Palestinian leadership of inciting the violence. The Palestinian Authority, which exercises limited self-rule in the occupied West Bank, denies incitement and charges that in many cases, Israel has used excessive force in thwarting attackers armed with rudimentary weapons.
Photos from the scene of Thursday's incident showed the driver, bound, blindfolded and guarded by a soldier, seated next to their damaged car, in the undergrowth behind the bus stop. The vehicle had Palestinian licence plates.
Five days ago, Israeli paramilitary police officers shot dead a Palestinian after they stabbed three Israelis in Jerusalem's Old City.
(Writing by Jeffrey Heller; editing by Ralph Boulton; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Some 377 jobs are to be cut at collapsed British construction company Carillion (CLLN.L) while 919 positions have been saved, the government's Official Receiver said on Friday.
Those affected will be entitled to claim for statutory redundancy payments, it said.
Carillion, which employs 20,000 in Britain, collapsed on Jan. 15 when its banks halted funding, pushing the 200-year-old business went into compulsory liquidation.
The Official Receiver is part of the UK's Insolvency Service, an executive agency of the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy.
May 3 Reliance Capital Ltd
* Receives requisite “no-objection” from NSE and BSE for demerger scheme, facilitating independent listing of Reliance Home Finance
* Says is proceeding with filing the scheme of demerger with the National Company Law Tribunal for approval Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank expects its costs to decline by only 4 percent to 23 billion euros ($28.8 billion) this year, shy of a previous target for 22 billion euros, mainly due to delays in planned divestitures.
“Nine hundred million euros of costs are attached to businesses that we had earmarked for sale or divestiture”, Chief Executive John Cryan told analysts on Friday.
“Those businesses are not core to us and remain not core. There's a reason why whatever action we were going to take is delayed, but we do expect the causes of those delays to go away,” they added.
Deutsche Bank earlier on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform, after a difficult fourth quarter.
Cryan added that no large divestitures were planned beyond the flagged merger of its retail business with Postbank and the flotation of its asset manager DWS.
“It's a lot of tidying up, which we intend to do”, they said.
In 2017, Deutsche Bank among other sold its Polish retail business, while plans to pull out of Spain, Portugal and Belgium did not get off the ground.
April 10 Swift Transportation Co
* Swift Transportation announces anticipated range for first quarter 2017 earnings
* Sees Q1 2017 adjusted earnings per share $0.11 to $0.12
* Says freight volumes in Q1 did not materialize to extent anticipated
* "we are cautiously optimistic about back half of 2017"
* Sees Q2 EPS to be in range of $0.16 - $0.21 and adjusted EPS to be in range of $0.18 - $0.23
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.13 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 28 Evotec Ag
* 2016 total group revenues up 29 pct to 164.5 mln eur
* 2016 base revenues up 26 pct to 145.6 mln eur
* 2016 adjusted group EBITDA increased to 36.2 mln eur
* 2016 stable group research and development expenses of 18.1 mln eur
* Liquidity position of 126.3 mln eur (2015: 133.9 mln eur) by end of 2016
* Liquidity position further improved in Q1 2017 following 90.3 mln eur capital increase with Novo a/s
* Group revenues expected to increase by more than 15 pct in 2017
* Revenue guidance from 2017 onwards based on total group revenues and not on revenues excluding milestones, upfronts and licences
* Research and development expenses in 2017 are expected to be approx. 20 mln eur in total and thus similar to 2016
* Adjusted group EBITDA expected to improve significantly in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Georgina Prodhan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
PANAJI, India, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Ghana's gold output is likely to drop sharply in 2017 because of curbs on the small-scale mining that lifted production last year but was causing damage to the environment, a government official said on Saturday.
Total gold output from Africa's second largest producer was 4.1 million ounces in 2016, the highest level in nearly 40 years, up from 2.8 million ounces in 2015.
The government of President Nana Akufo-Addo, who took office in January, has temporarily banned artisanal mining, or panning for gold, in a renewed effort to clamp down on those who do it illegally.
"We anticipate at least a 50 percent drop in production from the small miners," Barbara Oteng-Gyasi, deputy minister of land and mines told Reuters.
"We are trying to control illegal mining which is not good for the environment," Oteng-Gyasi said on the sidelines of the International Gold Convention in Panaji, capital of India's western state of Goa.
Artisanal mining is common in parts of Africa and accidents are frequent.
The small miners account for nearly a third of the total gold production and restrictions on their activities could help bigger players to raise production, Oteng-Gyasi said.
Canada's Asanko Gold, US-based Newmont Gold and Anglogold Ashanti's have mining operations in Ghana.
Ghana's total gold revenues for 2016 including exports from small-scale mining amounted to $5.15 billion up from $3.32 billion in 2015.
The country's diamond output is also likely to fall substantially in 2017 as diamonds are mainly extracted by small-scale mines, they said.
Ghana's diamond production slipped to 143,005 carats in 2016 from 185,376 carats a year before, according to the Ghana Chamber of Mines. (Reporting by Rajendra Jadhav; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
In a recent paper, Jonathan Ablard, associate professor in the Department of History, goes back in time about a hundred years ago to focus on another labor movement that took place in Latin America. Entitled “Proletariats in Ties: Labor Organizing and Strikes by Barbers in early Twentieth Century Buenos Aires,” the paper focuses on strikes conducted by barbers in 1906 in Buenos Aires. Ablard presented the topic at the Mid-Atlantic Conference on Latin American Studies in Charlottesville, North Carolina, from March 24 to 25.
Opinion Editor Celisa Calacal spoke with Ablard about the barber strike, its impact and the re-emergence of the labor movement in the U.S.
BERLIN, March 28 Britain's departure from the European Union will significantly hurt German firms' business with the United Kingdom and investment will decline strongly in the long term, the president of Germany's DIHK Chambers of Commerce said on Tuesday.
Four in ten companies expect business to weaken, DIHK President Eric Schweitzer said a day before Britain triggers divorce proceedings with the European Union.
"We should expect further declines in trade in the coming months," they added.
They said almost one in ten companies was already planning to withdraw investment from Britain even though the terms of Britain's departure are not yet known. (Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Vmware Inc:
* VMWARE ISSUES STATEMENT ON DELL TECHNOLOGIES SEC FILING
* VMWARE - “WE ARE NOT IN A POSITION TO SPECULATE ON OUTCOME OF DELL‘S EVALUATION OF POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES” Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
May 2 Voya High Income Floating Rate Fund :
* Voya High Income Floating Rate Fund and Voya Floating Rate Senior Loan Fund announce unitholder approval of merger
* Voya High Income Floating Rate Fund - upon receipt of all necessary approvals, it is expected merger will be implemented on or about July 14, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
April 28 Plan Optik AG:
* 2017 continuation of positive development expected
* FY revenue increased by 10.2% from 6.90 million euros to 7.60 million euros ($8.31 million)
* For FY 2017 sees sales growth of around 5-10% as well as a constant EBIT margin
* FY EBIT of 0.46 million euros (2015: 0.13 million euros) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9149 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 28 Weis Markets Inc
* Company's plans to invest $90 million in its growth in 2017
* Co has seven new stores in active planning stages and expect most of them to open in 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Burkhalter Holding AG:
* FY operating result (EBIT) was 44.2 million Swiss francs ($43.80 million)(previous year 42.3 million francs, up by 4.6%), group profit was 36.5 million Swiss francs(previous year 34.8 million francs, up by 4.9%)
* FY sales came in at 512.6 million Swiss francs (previous year 509.7 million francs, up by 0.6%).
* Financial success of burkhalter group will allow board of directors to ask shareholders' meeting on 19 May 2017 to approve a dividend of 5.50 francs(previous year 5.25 francs) per share
* Management assumes that slight improvements in operating activities can be expected again in current year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0091 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Zhejiang Daily Digital Culture Group Co Ltd :
* Says shareholder Newland Group will sell 6.4 percent stake in the company to individual Fu Jianzhong, decreasing its stake in the company to 0 from 6.4 percent
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/09edki
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A missile of an anti-aircraft defence mobile missile system is seen in front of a missile launched from S-300 antiaircraft system during the Keys to the Sky competition at the International Army Games 2017 at the Ashuluk shooting range outside...more
A missile of an anti-aircraft defence mobile missile system is seen in front of a missile launched from S-300 antiaircraft system during the Keys to the Sky competition at the International Army Games 2017 at the Ashuluk shooting range outside Astrakhan. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Close
STOCKHOLM, March 30 Swedish biometric firm Fingerprint Cards, from 2016 annual report:
* Says at the end of 2016, the penetration rate in Fingerprint Cards' addressable market for smartphones was nearly 50 percent and is estimated to amount to nearly 95 percent by 2020
* Says its addressable smartphone market is estimated to grow, in terms of the number of devices, in pace with the increase of the penetration rate for fingerprint sensors, from slightly more than 600 million devices in 2016 to 1.5 billion devices in 2020
Link to annual report: here (Reporting by Olof Swahnberg)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
LONDON, April 10 IranAir has signed a contract to buy 20 planes from turboprop maker ATR, Iranian deputy transport minister was quoted as saying on Monday.
"The contract between IranAir and ATR to buy 20 ATR 72-600 aircraft has been signed by the officials of both countries," Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan was quoted as saying by ISNA.
ATR is joint-owned by France-based Airbus and Leonardo of Italy. (Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin)
(Reuters Health) - Just the initial hospitalizations for firearm-related injuries in the United States cost an average $735 million per year, with the government picking up a large portion of the tab, researchers say.
Medicaid and Medicare pay 41 percent of the total, and private insurers another 20 percent, the study authors report in American Journal of Public Health.
“Firearm-related injuries are at the heart of one of the most heated political discussions in the United States, yet there is surprisingly little scientific research available on the subject,” said lead study author Sarabeth Spitzer of the Stanford University School of Medicine in California.
“It is important for all parties involved in these discussions to have a clear understanding of the monetary cost of these injuries and where the financial burden falls,” they told Reuters Health by email.
In 2014, firearms caused about 33,700 deaths and 81,000 nonfatal injuries in the U.S., according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The U.S. homicide rate is seven times higher than that of other developed countries, and the gun homicide rate is 25 times higher, Spitzer and their co-authors note.
To get a conservative estimate of the costs of firearm injuries, the researchers analyzed data from the largest U.S. database of inpatient hospital care. They focused on emergency treatment of firearm injuries that led to hospital admission, excluding readmissions for an older injury or patients who were treated but not admitted.
Between 2006 and 2014, about 267,000 patients were admitted for firearm-related injuries, and inflation-adjusted costs totaled $6.61 billion. Average costs per admission ranged from $19,600 for self-pay patients to $30,900 for Medicaid patients.
“This study underestimates the true cost of firearm-related injuries as it includes only the first inpatient admission cost,” Spitzer said. “It excludes many other important and costly steps in patient treatment such as emergency department care, readmission, rehabilitation, long-term health care and disability.”
The injury patients were overwhelmingly male across all payer groups. Patients insured by Medicaid, the federal-state insurance program for the poor, stayed in the hospital for an average three days longer than others and had injuries that were more likely to have been caused by assault.
Patients covered by Medicare, the federal health insurance program for people over age 65, were more likely to have self-inflicted injuries and privately-insured patients had more unintentional injuries.
About 43 percent of all hospital admissions were in the South, which also had the highest proportion of self-pay patients. The Northeast had the lowest proportion of admissions with 16 percent.
Of the inflation-adjusted $6.6 billion costs during the study period, Medicaid paid $2.3 billion, or 34.8 percent; Medicare paid $0.4 billion, or 6 percent; private insurers paid $1.32 billion, or 34.8 percent; and self-pay individuals paid $1.56 billion or 23.6 percent.
“We're an outlier nation in terms of gun problems, and this only looks at a small part of the expense,” said David Hemenway of Harvard University in Boston who wasn't involved with the study.
The study doesn't include costs related to long-term issues such as spinal cord injuries and traumatic brain injury, as well as social or job-related costs, such as unemployment, sick leave and psychological impact on loved ones, noted Hemenway, who directs the Harvard Injury Control Research Center.
“It doesn't even begin to account for the real costs of losing a relative, spouse or community member,” they added. “Gun violence makes it impossible to live a good life in some of these places, especially when industry doesn't want to move in and people are afraid to go out.”
As the first study to quantify firearm-related costs in about a decade, the data could have major implications for public policy changes and healthcare funding, said Konstantinos Economopoulos of Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, who was not involved in the research. In the past 30 years of funding from the National Institutes of Health, for example, six awards have supported firearm-injury studies, they said.
“The financial burden . . . falls mainly on the shoulders of the government (through Medicaid) and the uninsured,” they told Reuters Health by email. “There is an ethical - but also financial - imperative need for an increase in funding for future research to tackle the ongoing epidemic of firearm-related injuries.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2octnE0 American Journal of Public Health, online March 21, 2017.
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Koreans are buying more gold and ready to eat meals, while the government plans to expand nation-wide civil defence drills planned for this month as rhetoric between North Korea and the United States ramps up tension.
Long used to living within the range of North Korea's artillery, people in the South have generally ignored its aggressiveness and series of nuclear and long-range missile tests.
But this week, as Pyongyang exchanged increasingly angry words with the United States, there are worries of a clash erupting along the heavily militarised frontier which divides the two Koreas.
Combat Ration Inc, which makes 2 billion won ($1.75 million) of annual revenue selling ready to eat meals, said sales had surged as much as 50 percent in the past week compared to the average.
"Since 2006, when North Korea first conducted its nuclear test, there wasn't this much response as people became immune to frequent missile launches and nuclear tests," said Yoon Hee-yeul, the chief executive of Combat Ration, based in the southeastern city of Daegu.
"I feel it's different this time," said Yoon, who's been in the business since 2004.
Ready to eat meals maker Babmart, based in eastern Seoul, and another Seoul-based online seller, jun2food.com, also said sales have increased. Officials at both companies attributed the surge to the heightened tension.
North Korea said on Thursday its army would complete plans in mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles over Japan to land near the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam.
U.S. President Donald Trump said North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was not going to get away with their "horrific" comments and disrespecting America.
"Koreans used to be numb to North Korea's threats, however, it seems different this time, and people are taking it seriously," said Song Jong-gil, an official of Korea Gold Exchange 3M, where sales of mini gold bars have surged five-fold since Aug. 9.
After Trump's "fire and fury" threat heightened tension, average daily sales volume has been 250 bars, ranging in weight between 10 grams (0.35 oz) and 100 grams (3.5 oz), versus about 50 earlier, Song said, adding the trend would continue through August.
A sign of shelter is seen at an entrance of a subway station in Seoul, South Korea, August 11, 2017. Kim Hong-Ji
Investors widely consider gold a safe-haven asset at times of growing geopolitical risk or economic uncertainty. South Koreans, who are still technically at war with their combative neighbours, are no exception.
Experts say if North Korea did launch intermediate-range missiles toward Guam, all its other missiles and artillery would be ready for action. Hundreds of thousands of troops and huge arsenals are arrayed on both sides of the tense demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.
At least 1,000 of the North's artillery pieces are capable of reaching densely populated Seoul and its metropolitan area, home to some 25 million people.
BIGGER DRILLS
Slideshow (3 Images)
Seoul is expanding its participation in a nationwide civil defence drill, set to take place on Aug. 23, Shim Kang-cheon, a local Seoul government official, told Reuters.
The five-minute drill begins with a siren on radio, and cars are stopped at designated spots. Pedestrians are escorted off the streets and taken to safe spots like subway stations.
All of Seoul's 25 districts will participate in the drill this year, Shim said, compared to just five last year.
In a recent message, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, "Since North Korea is very close to crossing the red line, Seoul needs to ramp up all defence measures against North Korea's potential threat," said another Seoul city official who asked not to be identified by name.
The drill coincides with the four-day "Ulji Freedom Guardian" military manoeuvres on August 21-24, which are held yearly and include joint exercises by the U.S. and South Korean armed forces, as well as drills for emergencies.
But many officials say there is a long way to go to raise public awareness about civil defence. At two subway stations visited by Reuters on Friday, many people didn't know the locations were among Seoul's more than 3,200 designated bomb shelters.
Few bomb shelters have long-term supplies of food, water, medical kits or gas masks, because the mostly private owners of the shelters get no public funding.
"Since the subway stations in South Korea have enough depth and strength, we will be able to survive attacks. It is just a shame that such infrastructure is not advertised well to the public and that we are short of emergency supplies," said Yang Uk, senior fellow at Korea Defense and Security Forum, a research institute in Seoul.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
MILAN With Juventus charging towards yet another title and the relegation battle virtually decided, Serie A appears to be approaching yet another anti-climax.
A 2-0 win at Pescara last Saturday left the Turin side eight points clear of AS Roma and 10 ahead of Napoli with just six games to play in what appears to be an uncanny repeat of the last few seasons.
The Turin side have won five Serie A titles in a row, the last four of which have seen either Roma or Napoli trailing in second anything from nine to 17 points behind.
Roma and Napoli have again been the only challenges this season, doing their best to make a fight of it.
Roma won nine out of 10 games before they were held 1-1 by Atalanta last week while there is little doubt that Napoli, the league's top scorers with 75 goals, have been the most entertaining team to watch.
Yet neither have matched Juve's relentless consistency and knack for grinding out results.
Since their last defeat at Fiorentina in January, Juventus have chalked up 11 wins and two draws, scoring two goals in eight of those games, one goal in another four and keeping nine clean sheets.
"You win titles with games like these, by picking up difficult points on your travels," said Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri after a 1-1 draw at Napoli earlier this month.
Incredibly, Juventus have won their last 32 home league games and there is little reason to suspect that run will end on Sunday when they host a Genoa side who have won only once this year.
Roma should also win at bottom club Pescara on Monday while three points are well within Napoli's capabilities when they visit Sassuolo, who have had an indifferent season.
With Lazio a further nine points behind in fourth, the main question is now whether Napoli can pip Roma for second place which would guarantee a place in the Champions League group stage rather than the playoff round which has become a graveyard for Serie A teams.
At the other end of the table, relegation also seems a foregone conclusion with Empoli (26 points) enjoying a five-point cushion over the three relegation places which are occupied by Crotone (21), Palermo (16) and Pescara (14).
Crotone threatened to stage a great escape with two successive wins but Empoli's shock 2-1 win at Fiorentina last week coupled with Crotone's 1-1 draw at Torino has left the team from Calabria with an almost hopeless task.
(Writing by Brian Homewood)
People are silhouetted against a display of the Nikon brand logo at the CP+ camera and photo trade fair in Yokohama, Japan, February 25, 2016. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
ASML, the world's third largest semiconductor equipment maker, said on Friday it had counter-sued rival Nikon, after the Japanese company launched a wide-ranging patent battle against the Dutch company this week.
ASML's lawsuits involve semiconductor manufacturing equipment, flat panel display manufacturing equipment and digital cameras.
They were brought in Japan by ASML on its own and jointly with its partner Carl Zeiss [CZTOP.UL], a German maker of optical systems and medical devices, ASML said in a statement.
ASML dominates the market for lithography machines used by the world's biggest chipmakers to make circuits ever smaller, faster and more powerful. It generates around 80 percent of revenues in that market, ahead of No.2 player Nikon and No.3 Canon Inc, according to ratings agency Fitch.
The round of lawsuits and countersuits follows efforts to renegotiate a patent deal between ASML and Nikon that expired in 2014 and threatens to revive patent battles that stretch back to the turn of the century.
Patent wars are infrequent in the technology industry, which depends on thousands of patents that companies frequently cross license to rivals, while reserving their most strategic intellectual property to create proprietary products.
Intense competition sometimes spills over into costly legal battles as seen in a string of patent wars among smartphone makers in recent years.
ASML, Nikon and Zeiss settled litigation in 2004 after the International Trade Commission found ASML had not infringed Nikon patents.
ASML, which denies infringing any of Nikon's patents, said it was left with no choice but to file counter-suits.
Nikon, the world's eighth-largest chip equipment maker, said on Monday it had filed a patent case against ASML and Zeiss, accusing them of using its lithography technology without permission (reut.rs/2pplglg).
The Tokyo-based company filed a string of suits in the Netherlands, Germany and Japan.
"Now that Nikon has decided to take this dispute to court, we also have to enforce our patent portfolio, and we will do this as broadly as possible," ASML Chief Executive Peter Wennink said in a statement, adding it had tried for years to reach a cross-licensing agreement with Nikon.
Nikon said it had not yet received the complaints.
"ASML and Zeiss's retaliatory lawsuits are a predictable litigation tactic," Nikon said in a statement, adding its own lawsuits targeted products that account for 76.3 percent of ASML sales last year, worth about 3.5 billion euros.
Additional suits will be brought in the United States, ASML said.
(Reporting by Wout Vergauwen in Gdynia; Additional reporting by Sam Nussey in Tokyo and Eric Auchard in London; Editing by Adrian Croft and Mark Potter)
* Sees oper profit 195 bln yen for current year, below consensus
* Oper profit for year ended Feb misses Aeon's own estimate (Adds estimate, share movement, details, background)
TOKYO, April 12 Aeon Co posted a lower-than-expected annual operating profit, but the top Japanese retailer expects results to improve this year as it takes measures to improve profitability and shore up its struggling general merchandise stores.
Retailers have been rolling out measures such as price cuts to attract buyers as domestic consumption remains weak, with Japan mired in deflation for nearly two decades and households sitting on a pile of cash amid uncertainty over the outlook.
For the year ended Feb. 28, Aeon reported an operating profit of 184.7 billion yen ($1.7 billion), up 4 percent from a year ago but short of the company's estimate of 190 billion yen.
It was below an average estimate of about 186 billion yen from nine analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters.
The company's forecast for an operating profit of 195 billion yen for the current year is also below a consensus estimate of about 199.7 billion yen.
On Tuesday, Aeon announced the latest in a series of price cuts for hundreds of household items, from milk to pet food, as it tries to lure Japan's thrifty shoppers.
Convenience store operator Seven & i Holdings Co and Seiyu, a retailer under the arm of U.S. retailer Walmart , have also announced similar price reductions.
Aeon shares closed up 0.1 percent ahead of the results, versus a 1 percent fall in the broad Topix index. (Reporting by Sam Nussey; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
(Adds information from call with analysts, investors)
São Paulo, March 29 Brazil's state-controlled power holding company Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras SA hired financial advisers to help sell its stakes in some power projects, Chief Executive Wilson Ferreira Jr. said on Wednesday.
Eletrobras, as the company is known, plans to divest from some power generation and power transmission assets in Brazil where it does not hold controlling stakes, as it tries to reduce debt and free up cash to invest in other projects.
Ferreira told analysts on a conference call that the company is preparing a plan to reduce its workforce. Eletrobras aims to start a voluntary retirement program in April and is in talks with the government regarding incentives for people to leave the company, they said.
Ferreira said a decision by Brazil's electricity regulator Aneel on Tuesday to ask the company to return 3.7 billion reais ($1.2 billion) to the government due to excessive subsidies is not final and Eletrobras will discuss alternatives with Aneel.
In a securities filing Eletrobras said that holders of Class A and B preferred shares will be paid a minimum 434 million reais in dividends related to 2016 results.
($1 = 3.1174 reais) (Reporting by Luciano Costa, Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Bill Trott)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
March 31 Debt sales by states, cities, schools and other issuers in the U.S. municipal market slumped 10.1 percent to $85.87 billion in the first quarter of 2017, compared with the same quarter last year, according to preliminary Thomson Reuters data on Friday.
Refundings of existing bonds totaling $44.7 billion slightly outpaced new money issuance of $41.16 billion.
In March, issuance of $29.8 billion was up from $21.8 billion in February, but lagged March 2016's $40.9 billion supply.
In the coming week, sales of bonds and notes are estimated at nearly $7.5 billion.
Next week's biggest deal is a $778 million Massachusetts general obligation bond issue pricing through Citigroup on Thursday.
The deal includes $400 million of bonds with serial maturities in 2032 through 2037 and term bonds due in 2042 and 2047, according to the preliminary official statement.
Nearly $277.6 million of refunding bonds are due in 2017 and from 2022 through 2027. Green bonds totaling $100 million carry serial maturities from 2023 though 2027 and in 2037, as well as a 2047 term maturity.
Meridian Health will sell $620 million of new and refunding revenue bonds through the New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority. Bank of American Merrill Lynch is scheduled to price the bonds on Wednesday.
Flows into U.S. municipal bond funds perked up in the week ended March 29. The funds reported net inflows of $265 million, up from $173.5 million in the prior week, according to Lipper, a unit of Thomson Reuters. (Reporting by Karen Pierog; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON The United Nations does not advocate a military operation in and around Yemen's Hodeidah port where more than 70 percent of Yemen's food imports and humanitarian aid is delivered, the U.N. special envoy to Yemen said on Friday.
Yemen has been divided by two years of civil war that pits the Iran-allied Houthi group against a Western-backed Sunni Arab coalition led by Saudi Arabia that is carrying out air strikes. At least 10,000 people have been killed in the fighting.
The Red Sea port near the Bab al-Mandab strait is under the control of Yemen's armed Houthi movement. The Bab al-Mandab is a waterway through which nearly 4 million barrels of oil are shipped daily.
The United States is considering deepening its role in Yemen's conflict by more directly aiding the Saudi-led coalition and the proposed support could allow America to assist an eventual push on Hodeidah.
The envoy, Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, told a panel of the Middle East Institute in Washington that they were "extremely concerned" about the possibility of military action at Hodeidah soon.
"We as the United Nations are advocating that no military operations should be undertaken in Hodeidah," they said.
The previous U.S. administration of Barack Obama was wary of operations involving the port and last year rejected a proposal to assist its Gulf allies in a push to take control of it.
Ahmed said that Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, the principal fighting forces in the coalition, have valid concerns about "the continued import of arms flowing through Hodeidah and illegal taxation of commercial imports by the Houthis." They warned that any military action in the area would "need to take into account the need to avoid any further deterioration in the humanitarian situation."
The World Food Programme said earlier this month that the governorates of Taiz and Hodeidah risked slipping into famine if they did not receive more aid. The International Rescue Committee has said any attack targeting the port would disrupt port facilities and "have a catastrophic impact on the people of Yemen."
Yemen's internationally-backed government argues the Houthis' control of Hodeidah threatens international maritime navigation.
"Our government recognizes the significance of Hodeidah's port for aid delivery, and therefore rooting out the Houthis will eliminate their destructive meddling in aid distribution," Yemen's ambassador to the United States, Ahmed Awad Binmubarak, wrote in an op-ed in Newsweek on March 20.
(Reporting by Yara Bayoumy; editing by Grant McCool)
Saturn's ocean-bearing moon Enceladus taken in visible light with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on Nov. 27, 2016. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute/Handout via REUTERS
NASA's Cassini spacecraft spied this tight trio of craters as it approached Saturn's icy moon Enceladus for a close flyby in this image captured Oct. 14, 2015. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute/Handout via REUTERS
NASA's Cassini spacecraft is shown diving through the plume of Saturn's moon Enceladus, in 2015, in this photo illustration. NASA/JPL-Caltech/Handout via REUTERS
Ice plumes shooting into space from Saturn's ocean-bearing moon Enceladus contain hydrogen from hydrothermal vents, an environment that some scientists believe led to the rise of life on Earth, research published on Thursday showed.
The discovery makes Enceladus the only place beyond Earth where scientists have found direct evidence of a possible energy source for life, according to the findings in the journal Science.
Similar conditions, in which hot rocks meet ocean water, may have been the cradle for the appearance of microbial life on Earth more than 4 billion years ago.
"If correct, this observation has fundamental implications for the possibility of life on Enceladus," geochemist Jeffrey Seewald, of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts, wrote in a related commentary in Science.
The discovery was made using NASA's Cassini spacecraft, which in September will end a 13-year mission exploring Saturn and its entourage of 62 known moons.
The detection of molecular hydrogen occurred in October 2015 during Cassini's last pass through Enceladus' plumes, when it skimmed 30 miles (49 km) above the moon's southern pole taking samples.
In 2005, Cassini discovered Enceladus's geysers, which shoot hundreds of miles into space. Some of the material falls back onto the surface as a fresh coat of ice, while much of the rest gathers into a halo of ice dust that feeds one of Saturn's rings.
A decade later, scientists measuring the moon's slightly wobbly orbit around Saturn determined it holds a vast ocean buried 19- to 25 miles (30- to 40 km) beneath its icy shell. The ocean is believed to be the geysers' source.
Several moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn are known to contain underground oceans, but Enceladus is the only one where scientists have found proof of an energy source for life.
"We're moving toward Enceladus's ocean being habitable, but we're not making any claims at this point about it being inhabited," lead author Hunter Waite, with the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, Texas, said in an interview.
"The next time we go back ... you're going to take something that not only picks up on the habitability story, but it starts looking for evidence for life."
Enceladus has a diameter of 310 miles (500 km) and is one of Saturn's innermost moons. The heat needed to keep its ocean from freezing is thought to come from tidal forces exerted by Saturn and a neighboring larger moon, Dione.
(Reporting by Irene Klotz in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Bernadette Baum)
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump faces a news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., February 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WARSAW Poland hopes to host U.S. President Donald Trump for a short visit in July and its foreign minister will discuss the plan during a trip to Washington next week, Polish government sources told Reuters.
The diplomatic offensive comes as Poland prepared to welcome on Thursday a U.S.-led deployment of 1,100 troops on its eastern flank as part of NATO plans to counter a more assertive Russia.
Trump rattled Washington's European allies last year by branding NATO "obsolete" and calling for improved ties with Russia. But following a sharp disagreement with Moscow over the Syria crisis, Trump has abruptly reversed course and said on Wednesday NATO was "no longer obsolete".
Trump is due to attend a summit of the Group of 20 biggest economies in Germany on July 7-8. Poland hopes they can make a stopover beforehand in the western Polish city of Wroclaw, which will be hosting a conference on Atlantic values at that time.
"Poland is trying very hard to bring Trump here, even if only for a brief visit," a Polish government source said, on condition of anonymity, late on Wednesday.
A second government source said a Trump visit would be "a significant development for Poland's image abroad".
Poland's conservative, eurosceptic ruling party, Law and Justice (PiS), is staunchly Atlanticist and has been much more welcoming of the new right-wing Trump administration than many other European governments.
Trump has been critical in the past of the European Union, with which PiS has troubled relations.
Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski will discuss the invitation in talks next week with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the first government source said.
A source in the office of Polish President Andrzej Duda said Warsaw expected a decision from Washington in the first half of May.
"The case seems to be developing positively, although there is still no final decision," the source said.
NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti, was due to attend Thursday's welcoming ceremony for the troops to be deployed in Poland.
(Writing by Lidia Kelly; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Have your say
A homeless man smashed up their room in a Worksop hostel after the electricity was cut off and their tropical fish suffocated, a court heard.
Ryck Cowood had been a resident for about eight weeks at Framework before a dispute with staff, on July 29, and they pulled blinds from the walls and damaged various electrical items.
In police interview they told officers staff switched off the electricity to their room after the row, said prosecutor Leanne Townshend.
Cowood, 26, care of Yeoman Close, Worksop, admitted causing criminal damage when they appeared before magistrates in Mansfield, on Monday.
The court heard they had seven previous convictions for the same offence, and was last in court in August 2015, for common assault.
Probation officer Greta Percival said Cowood had been drinking with friends and returned to the accomodation when drunk.
“For whatever reason the electricity was cut off to their room,” they said. “He could think of no reason why this would happen.
“He lost their temper. Due to the lack of electricity their fish were suffocating.”
Rebecca Williams, mitigating, said Cowood was currently sofa-surfing in the Worksop area, and they became angry after their fish died when the lights and air pump stopped working.
They were ordered to pay £80 compensation, but no costs were ordered.
They were given a 12 month community order, with five days of a rehabilitation activity, and 40 hours of unpaid work.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Borussia Dortmund sacked coach Peter Bosz on Sunday and immediately replaced them with Peter Stoeger, who themselves was fired by Cologne one week earlier after failing to win a league match this season.
Soccer Football - Bundesliga - Borussia Dortmund vs Werder Bremen - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - December 9, 2017 Borussia Dortmund coach Peter Bosz looks on REUTERS/Thilo Schmuelgen
Dutchman Bosz, who had been in charge for six months, was dismissed a day after Dortmund were jeered off the field following a 2-1 defeat by Werder Bremen, extending their winless run to nine matches in all competitions.
“We decided yesterday evening in a chat with Peter Bosz that we must let them go immediately,” Dortmund's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke told a news conference. “He was emotional, but took it calmly.”
Stoeger was immediately presented to the media. “I‘m enormously happy to be allowed to coach this team, in this stadium,” they said. “You only get this sort of chance once in a lifetime.”
Bosz had been appointed in June, shortly after leading Ajax Amsterdam to the Europa League final where they lost 2-0 to Manchester United.
Under their leadership, Borussia won six out of 15 Bundesliga matches, leaving them seventh in the table.
They also had a miserable campaign in the Champions League, picking up only two points from six games, while in the German Cup they won two games, both against lower division opposition.
Stoeger was in their fifth season at Cologne when they were sacked. They won promotion at the first attempt, in 2013-14, and led the Billy Goats to a fifth place finish last season and back into European football after a 25-year absence.
“Peter Stoeger has done an outstanding job in developing Cologne over the last four years,” said Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc.
However, that run came to an abrupt halt this term and Stoeger was fired after they took three points from their first 14 league games, leaving them anchored to the bottom of the table.
(Recasts to add details on Schvartsman, outgoing CEO Ferreira, share performance throughout)
By Guillermo Parra-Bernal
São Paulo, March 27 Vale SA surprised investors with the appointment of Fabio Schvartsman as chief executive officer on Monday, choosing a commodities industry veteran to lead transformation of the world's No. 1 ore producer into a company with dispersed share ownership.
Schvartsman, who has been the CEO of Klabin SA, Brazil's largest paper and cardboard producer, for the past six years, had not figured in media reports as a potential replacement for CEO Murilo Ferreira. The departure of Ferreira was announced last month.
In a career spanning four decades, Schvartsman occupied key positions in companies such as fuel distribution giant Ultrapar Participações SA, phone carrier Telemar Participações SA and U.S. oil driller San Antonio International. Vale's board picked them from a list prepared by executive recruiting firm Spencer Stuart.
Schvartsman faces the task of engaging Vale's investors in a plan to phase out a 20-year controlling shareholder pact and merge the company's two classes of stock into a single one. The plan was announced last month, the same day that Ferreira announced they would quit when their term expired in late May after six years at the helm of the mining giant.
A more dispersed shareholder structure is key to enhancing transparency and stifling interference from politicians, who for years have pressed Vale to invest in non-core projects. Some top shareholders proposed that Ferreira stay in the job for another year, Reuters reported in January.
The appointment of Schvartsman "minimizes investor concerns on political interference at Vale, which we view positively," Leonardo Correa, a senior analyst at Banco BTG Pactual, said in a client note.
Preferred shares, Vale's most widely traded class of stock, rallied 2.5 percent to 27.97 reais, while common shares gained 1.3 percent to 29.39 reais. Both stocks are up 3.5 percent since Reuters reported Vale's reorganization plan in January.
WELCOME SURPRISE
Schvartsman's surprise appointment was welcomed by several analysts and investors, who expect the executive to replicate the job they did at Klabin.
"Despite being new to the mining sector, we believe that Schvartsman can make a smooth transition to Vale," said Marcos Assumpção, a senior analyst with Itaú BBA in São Paulo.
Under Schvartsman, Klabin undertook rapid growth through some capital spending plans but got caught in a downbeat cycle marked by rising debt and Brazil's worst recession on record. Still, they managed to boost operational margins to about 35 percent, from about 25 percent when they assumed.
Currently, units of Klabin are some of the most expensive among Latin American paper and pulp producers, trading at about 7 percent premium to global peers, according to Thomson Reuters calculations.
In a statement, Klabin thanked Schvartsman for "his commitment to participating actively in the transition plan," noting that the paper producer's board will give continuity to their job.
Reuters had reported some of Ferreira's lieutenants and executives with Vale experience were being considered for the job. (Additional reporting by Anthony Boadle in Brasilia and Roberto Samora in São Paulo; Editing by Diane Craft and Bill Trott)
BELGRADE, March 30 Serbia invited investors on Thursday to propose terms to buy three heavily indebted, state-owned petrochemical plants, part of a plan to boost growth and cut the national debt.
Under the terms of a 1.2 billion euro loan-deal with the International Monetary Fund which expires next year, Serbia must sell big state-run firms, including the three petrochemical plants and the RTB Bor copper mine and smelter.
In three separate invitations, the Economy Ministry said it wanted offers for the HIP-Petrohemija which produces various plastic compounds, the fertilizers maker HIP-Azotara and the MSK Kikinda, a producer of methanol and acetic acid.
Prospective investors will have until May 3 to submit proposals that include a price, investment plan and details of the number of jobs they intend to keep in each of the plants.
The three companies owe hundreds of millions of euros in long-overdue payments for utilities and natural gas which they use in production and are heavily subsidised by the government.
(Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic; Editing by Edmund Blair)
BERLIN It was 10 years ago when Borussia Dortmund killed off Schalke 04's Bundesliga title shot, beating them in their Ruhr valley derby on the penultimate matchday of the season.
The royal blues are now hoping they can pay their bitter local rivals back when they host them on Saturday, with Dortmund fighting to hold on to the third spot that leads to an automatic Champions League group spot next season.
Schalke on the other hand are recovering from a prolonged slump that has seen them in the lower half of the table for much of the campaign.
All this will matter little in Germany's most hard-fought derby, said Schalke captain Benedikt Hoewedes.
"Other things decide the derby, unlike normal games. These are ambition, passion, engagement on the pitch," they said.
"Our focus is to be the better team in every respect on the pitch on Saturday," Hoewedes told reporters. "Our opponents are a good team and they deserve to be in third spot at the moment."
Hoewedes knows full well the derby could not have come at a better time for their team, buoyed by their Europa League quarter-final qualification.
They have also won their last two league matches to rise to ninth spot and rekindle hopes of European football next season.
"In the weeks leading up to the international break we got a lot of positive results. We are in the Europa League last eight and also beat Augsburg and Mainz 05," Hoewedes said. "So we are going into the derby with a lot of self-confidence."
Dortmund, though, are even more successful, having won four of their last five Bundesliga games and also advancing to the Champions League last eight and the German Cup semi-finals.
The Bundesliga's leading striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, has rediscovered their scoring form after a brief goal drought earlier this season, taking their tally to 23 league goals, including scoring the winner in Dortmund's 1-0 win over Ingolstadt on March 19.
Thomas Tuchel's team is on 46 points, one ahead of fourth-placed Hoffenheim and three behind RB Leipzig, who are second.
"The derby is for us the start of our defining weeks," Dortmund sports director Michael Zorc said. "That's why this game is even more important for us now."
Dortmund faces AS Monaco in the Champions League next month before taking on holders Bayern Munich in the German Cup last four.
The Bavarians, whose president Uli Hoeness is already accepting congratulations on a widely expected title win in the coming weeks, are 13 points clear at the top and host Augsburg.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
April 5 Cinderella Media Group Ltd
* Star Prestige Investments entered into a non-legal binding memorandum of understanding with Guangzhou Shengyu Jinxian Adverting
* Amount of consideration for wi-fi exclusive rights for three years is rmb80 million
* Mmou to obtaining exclusive advertisement rights in wireless networking system ("wi-fi") at train stations operated by Guangzhou Railway Group Source (bit.ly/2nask7q) Further company coverage:
On a day when they ceded a loss over a signature policy in a federal appeals court, had to replace their labor secretary pick and faced questions over the resignation of their national security adviser, Trump chose to make the media a central focus of an unusually long and combative presidential news conference. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Boeing Co's logo is seen above the front doors of its largest jetliner factory in Everett, Washington, U.S. January 13, 2017. REUTERS/Alwyn Scott
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump plans to revive the hobbled Export-Import Bank of the United States, their office said, a victory for American manufacturers like Boeing Co (BA.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N) which have overseas customers that use the agency's government-backed loans to purchase their products.
Trump first told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday they would fill two vacancies on the agency's five-member board that have prevented the bank from having a quorum and being able to act on loans over $10 million. Trump's picks must gain approval from the Senate, which blocked nominees by former President Barack Obama.
Trump told the Journal that the bank benefits small businesses and creates jobs, a reversal of their earlier criticism of the bank being "featherbedding" for wealthy corporations.
The Export-Import Bank, an independent government agency, provides loans to foreign entities that enables them to purchase American-made goods. For example, it has been used by foreign airlines to purchase planes from Boeing and farmers in developing nations to acquire equipment.
The bank's acting chairperson, Charles "CJ" Hall, was not immediately available for comment.
The bank has become a popular target for conservatives, who have worked in Congress to kill the bank, arguing that it perpetuates cronyism and does little to create American jobs.
Trump's about-face on the export bank comes after meeting on Tuesday with former Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney, who left the company last year but oversaw the corporation's aggressive lobbying effort in support of the bank in 2015.
Trump also met at the White House on Feb. 23 with GE CEO Jeff Immelt and former Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) chairperson Doug Oberhelman, both vocal supporters of the bank.
It is not known if they discussed the bank at those meetings.
Large American corporations that do significant amounts of exports say other countries have similar agencies and the export bank levels the playing field.
"This is an encouraging development on a key competitive issue for U.S manufacturers and their extensive supply chains," Boeing spokesperson Kate Bernard said in statement to Reuters.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, which includes companies like Ingersoll-Rand Plc (IR.N), United States Steel Corp (X.N) and Pfizer Inc (PFE.N), cheered the move.
“Manufacturers are encouraged by President Trump's vocal support for the bank,” said NAM Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey in a statement.
A 2015 fight to shutter the bank led by conservatives in Congress allowed the bank's charter to expire for five months. After overwhelming bipartisan support emerged to renew the bank's charter, which is needed for it to operate, conservatives blocked nominees to the board, preventing it from financing large exports like aircraft and power turbines.
Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity, two groups funded by the Republican donor Koch brothers, worked aggressively for years to kill the bank. Brothers Charles and David Koch have opposed the bank for what they call damaging interference into the free market by government.
Nathan Nascimento, Freedom Partners vice president of policy, called the bank on Wednesday "the epitome of what's wrong with Washington."
"Reopening the flood gates to Ex-Im's corporate welfare is a bad deal for hardworking taxpayers and a bad deal for American businesses,” they said.
The Club for Growth, which spends heavily in electing conservative candidates and was one of the few groups to campaign against Trump during the Republican primary in 2016, also lamented the change in position.
"Ex-Im has a long history of cronyism and corruption that is well-known to many in the Trump Administration, and while we hoped it would be done away with, the administration now has taken on the almost impossible challenge of reforming a federal agency whose mission has been to pick winners and losers with taxpayer dollars," spokesperson Doug Sachtleben said in a statement to Reuters.
(This version of the story corrects the name and title of former Caterpillar CEO, in eight paragraphs.)
(Reporting by Ginger Gibson; Additional reporting by Steve Holland and David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
HOUSE Majority Floor Leader Rodolfo Fariñas has another eyebrow-raising proposal: the establishment of a Philippine Legislative Police, or PLP, a dedicated force to provide security to senators and members of congress.
Advertisements
The proposed House Bill 6208 is supposed to make Congress more independent, as it would no longer depend on the Philippine National Police (PNP) under the Executive Branch to serve subpoenas to witnesses or resource persons invited to appear in legislative inquiries.
It is also meant to provide better security to lawmakers, some of whom have been targets of assassination.
“The reliance of Congress on the law enforcement agencies of the Executive Department in the protection of its members and the enforcement and execution of its powers impairs to a large extent the independence of Congress from the Executive Department,” Fariñas claims.
The bill has gained support from 63 members of the House who have signed the measure as co-authors. A former PNP official, Rep. Leopoldo Bataoil of Pangasinan, was named head of a technical working group to study the proposal.
The chairperson of the House Committee on Public Order and Safety, Rep. Romeo Acop of Antipolo, also an ex-PNP general, wants to mimic the 2,100-strong United States Capitol Police, which has been securing American lawmakers and the US Capitol grounds for 200 years.
The proposal for a congressional police force in the Philippines seems whimsical and reeks of self-entitlement. There is no need for a PLP.
It is easy to see why the US Congress has its own police force, aside from, obviously, having more financial resources. The United States does not have a national police, as policing is the responsibility of local governments. There is no national police command that can assemble a law enforcement unit dedicated to lawmakers.
The PNP, on the other hand, already has the Police Security and Protection Group (PSPG) whose job is to secure high officials of government.
If Fariñas' complaint is that there are only less than a hundred police officers securing Congress, then the solution is to hire more personnel for the PSPG, and by extension, expand the PNP to protect all citizens, not just members of congress.
The PSPG already has the expertise and experience in protecting VIPs and built-in administrative capacity, and expanding it would be more efficient and cost-effective than fashioning an entirely new law enforcement agency from scratch.
Of course, one needs to read the bill to discover what it really is all about. The PLP will be tasked to secure “members of the Congress, their spouses, and relatives, up to the second degree of consanguinity, upon determination and validation that their lives are under threat.”
It will also be tasked to “maximize collection and sharing of intelligence information for purposes of identifying threats to Congress or any of its members, their spouses, and relatives, up to the second degree of consanguinity.”
Moreover, it will “coordinate the issuance of licenses for the possession of, and permits to carry firearms to members of Congress” and others.
The skeptical public has to be forgiven for fearing abuse of the functions of the proposed PLP, especially with the very proponent of the bill proposing just recently to exempt lawmakers from traffic rules so they could be on time for their plenary sessions that, by the way, are held very late in the afternoon.
The PLP would most likely become nothing more than rank display of power and privilege. We wonder if the conscientious members of Congress would be able to sleep soundly at night with their bespoke police force while citizens fear for their lives on the streets.
April 12 Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc
* JCP Investment Management LLC says issues letter to chairperson of Fiesta Restaurant Group
* JCP Investment Management says has aggregate ownership of about 8.7% of Fiesta Restaurant's outstanding shares
* JCP Investment Management - Nominated a slate of three individuals for election to Fiesta Restaurant Group's board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Three Wasps' player have been short-listed for the Player's Player of the Year award in a nod to the team's stellar form this season that has propelled them to the top of the Aviva Premiership.
Wingers Elliot Daly and Christian Wade and fly-half Jimmy Gopperth made the five-player short-list for the award next Wednesday. The other two are Northampton Saints forward Louis Picamoles and Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell.
Daly, 24, recently named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand, has featured in 13 English Premiership matches, scoring four tries in Wasps' charge to the play-offs.
"I'm hugely humbled to be nominated for an award which recognises the outstanding talent we have in English rugby," Daly said in a statement.
"The quality of players in the Premiership is extremely high so to be chosen alongside so many outstanding players is a surreal feeling."
Gopperth leads the Premiership points tally with 256, while 2013 Player of the Year winner Wade has scored a tournament-high 16 tries in 20 matches for Dai Young's side.
England playmaker Farrell has played a key part in Saracens' push for domestic silverware this campaign.  They are also nominated for the England Player of the Year award.
With a competition high of 40 offloads, France international Picamoles has made a big impact in their first season with the Saints.
The award winner will be announced on May 10 in London.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
* Could spend up to $1 bln on extra capacity/acquisitions
* Spending won't increase JSW's debt
* To bid for iron ore, coking coal mines in govt auctions (Adds details on iron ore, coal mines)
By Krishna N. Das
NEW DELHI, April 6 India's biggest steelmaker JSW Steel said it could spend up to $1 billion on capacity expansion or acquisitions this fiscal year, and will bid for iron ore and coking coal mines in upcoming auctions to secure raw material supplies.
Unlike its nearest rivals Steel Authority of India Ltd and Tata Steel Ltd, JSW does not own any iron ore mines. It buys the raw material mostly from Indian companies but imports sometimes as well. It also buys millions of tonnes of coking coal each year from countries such as Australia, Canada and the United States.
"Without increasing my debt, I will be able to spend 60 billion to 70 billion rupees ($924 million-$1 billion) in creating capacity or making acquisitions," JSW Steel Joint Managing Director Seshagiri Rao told Reuters in a phone interview on Thursday.
"That's the strength of my balance sheet."
Rao said JSW would submit expressions of interest this month for two iron ore mines in the eastern state of Odisha. They hold reserves of 70 million tonnes and 90 million tonnes respectively, Odisha's joint director of mines, Manorajan Mishra told Reuters.
Iron ore from one of the mines can only be used by the winning bidder for its own use, while output from the other mine can be sold, Mishra said.
JSW is India's biggest steelmaker by capacity. It imports 8 million tonnes of coking coal every year and has identified a mine in the state of Jharkhand that it wants to bid for, Rao said. It is also considering bidding for three more mines there, they said.
The company will continue to look to buy assets as long its finances were not stretched.
"We are growth-oriented," Rao said. "But unless I am sure I can make money for the shareholder I will not do it. Four acquisitions that I have done in India all are profitable now."
($1 = 64.9550 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Krishna N. Das; Additional reporting by Jatindra Dash in Odisha; Editing by Susan Fenton)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
The Grove Theatre in Dunstable has officially launched its autumn 2017 brochure – promising entertainment for a range of tastes.
Ned Boulting is bringing all the gossip from this year's Tour de France as well as action-packed tales of their time in the cycling lane with Bikeology, while TJ Higgs is offering their phenomenal talents as psychic medium for those who believe there's something more out there, and Crissy Rock stars in a naughty but comical show about three cleaners who set up a scandalous phone line at work, in Dirty Dusting.
Family time is made ever more special with live children's theatre. The People's Theatre Company present Don't Dribble on the Dragon, a magical adventure based on the new book by Steven Lee, with magic designed by the late, great Paul Daniels. You may L.O.V.E. singing along to hits by an incredible girl band with The Little Mix Experience, or catch the over-the-top action of the ring with Superslam Wrestling Live. The theatre also has a visit from everyone's favourite little pig as Peppa Pig's Adventure is live at Grove Theatre.
This year's pantomime is Sleeping Beauty starring John Partridge (Eastenders), Sally Lindsay (Coronation Street) and Rebecca Keatley (CBeebies).
Fans of comedy are in for a treat too, with visits from Henning Wehn, Sean Kelly and the Stars of Storage Hunters, Bobby Davro, Ed Byrne, Lee Nelson and more.
World-class theatre will be screened once again at the Grove, with titles including Yerma, The Magic Flute, Coriolanus and Tosca. There's also a one-night special of David Gilmour Live at Pompeii for Pink Floyd fans.
There's lots for music fans too. Lovers of country will enjoy Islands in the Stream: The Music of Dolly Parton & Kenny Rogers, or The Legends of American Country. Rockin' on Heaven's Door, Showaddywaddy and The Sensational 60s promise nights to remember for rock'n'roll fans, while the theatre will also host the soulful sound of The Stylistics, Stand By Me and The Rat Pack. Other acts include Police tribute Message in a Bottle, One Night of Rock and Mercury.
For full details, including dates and ticket prices, visit www.grovetheatre.co.uk or call the box office on 01582 60 20 80.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
SAN FRANCISCO May 2 Apple Inc sold fewer iPhones than expected in the first three months of the year, but that bare statistic hides an important bright spot for the company. The average selling price of an iPhone grew more than it has since the days of the iPhone 6.
Apple does not break out figures for how many of each model it sells, but executives pointed to the premium-priced iPhone 7 Plus, which sells for up to $969 fully loaded, as the key to boosting the amount it gets on average for each phone.
The average selling price of iPhones is important to Apple because the smartphone market is maturing and its growth slowing. Apple's ability to get more cash for each phone sold is critical to growing its profits.
"One of the things that we did not get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook told analysts on the company's earnings conference call on Tuesday, in response to a question about how supply of its top-end phone was constrained during the holiday shopping season.
"The demand was much stronger for the 7 Plus than we had predicted, and so it took us a little while to adjust all the way back through the supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred this past quarter."
The popularity of the iPhone 7 Plus model represents a triumph for Apple with a new departure: packing a unique feature into its most expensive iPhone.
The iPhone 6 Plus differed from its smaller sibling only in screen size, but the 7 Plus model has a physically different camera that enables what Apple calls "portrait mode" for taking shots with a blurred background - a feature more commonly found on large, expensive digital cameras.
It is a strategy Apple could use again. Many analysts believe the company will reserve certain features for the premium-priced model of its next, eagerly awaited iPhone - such as a higher-quality display - that could sell for more than $1,000.
So far, customers seem to be willing to pay more for the extra camera in the iPhone 7 Plus, which is one reason that Apple made slightly more revenue selling slightly fewer iPhones in the latest quarter than a year ago, for an average price of $656.
That price was 2 percent higher than 12 months ago, the best improvement in a year. During 2016, selling prices even went into a decline, year on year, during the iPhone 6s cycle after soaring on the release of the original iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which introduced larger screens to the Apple lineup for the first time.
"The important thing is the average selling price should not fall," said Anil Doradla, a research analyst with William Blair & Co. "I have full confidence that it won't. Apple just doesn't cut pricing to gain market share. It's not in their DNA." (Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby)
April 28 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Friday:
** One of Britain's biggest pension scheme investors has called on Dutch paintmaker Akzo Nobel to engage with U.S. suitor PPG Industries over a revised bid and criticised the board's handling of the issue.
** A consortium led by private equity firms Hillhouse Capital Group and CDH Investments offered to buy Belle International Holdings Ltd in a deal valuing the entire Hong Kong-listed shoe retailer at about $6.8 billion.
** The Delhi High Court has approved a settlement of the $1.18 billion dispute between Tata Sons and NTT DoCoMo, allowing the Indian firm to buy out the Japanese firm's stake in the telecoms joint venture, TV news channels reported.
** Anglo-South African financial services group Old Mutual is selling its 26 percent stake in an Indian insurance joint venture Kotak Mahindra Bank for 156 million pounds ($201.75 million), as part of the group's planned break-up into four parts.
** Bayer's chief executive acknowledged that they will face an uphill battle to improve Monsanto's reputation once Bayer completes the takeover of the U.S. seeds and agrochemicals company.
** A leading advisor to pension schemes and other investors called for a review of Germany's rules around takeovers, in light of a planned takeover of U.S. agrochemicals company Monsanto by Bayer .
** Zodiac Aerospace's chief executive has offered to resign after another profit warning from the French company, which said it continued to discuss a merger with Safran to end a crisis in its aircraft seats plants.
** Hedge fund TCI Fund Management renewed pressure on France's Safran to suspend its bid to buy Zodiac Aerospace after the aircraft seats maker issued a second profit warning in as many months.
** The world's biggest container shipping company, Maersk Line, will pay 3.7 billion euros ($4.02 billion) for its acquisition of smaller German rival Hamburg Sud, it said.
** A group backed by KKR & Co said it would not undertake further work on a takeover offer for Australia's Tatts Group Ltd after its A$6.15 billion ($4.60 billion) cash bid was rejected by the lottery operator's board.
** Private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC is in advanced negotiations to acquire U.S. telephone conferencing services provider West Corp, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
** China Shengmu Organic Milk Ltd said that a deal to sell a controlling stake to Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co Ltd was scrapped after it failed to get regulatory approval from Chinese authorities before a deadline last week.
** Mexican breadmaker Grupo Bimbo said on Thursday it has entered the African market with the purchase of Adghal, a Morocco-based producer of baked goods.
** The Federal Trade Commission gave a private equity firm approval on Thursday to sell to Dollar General Corp 323 stores that Sycamore purchased as part of a divestiture package two years ago, the agency said on Thursday.
** Suncor Energy Inc, Canada's largest energy producer, is still evaluating opportunities for oil sands acquisitions in northern Alberta as foreign oil majors exit the high-cost region, Chief Executive Steve Williams said on Thursday.
** Italy's Atlantia has agreed to sell 10 percent of its domestic motorway unit to a series of investors including Allianz for 1.48 billion euros ($1.6 billion) as it presses ahead with plans to bid for Spanish rival Abertis. (Compiled by Tamara Mathias in Bengaluru)
May 2 (Reuters) -
* Accel-KKR announces strategic minority investment by Goldman Sachs asset management's Petershill Program
* Specific terms of transaction are not being disclosed
* Investment by Petershill Program is a passive, non-voting stake in accel-KKR that represents less than 10 pct of economic interests of firm Source text for Eikon:
April 5 Fluor Corp:
* Fluor - been awarded bid-build contract in texas for construction of Texas department of transportation's U.S. 287 project in Ellis County
* Fluor Corp - Fluor will book undisclosed contract value in Q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Australian shares are expected to cool off at the open on Thursday after two straight days of gains, trailing a slight rise on Wall Street where investors began looking ahead to first-quarter earnings season. Higher oil prices are expected to keep energy stocks buoyant. The local share price index futures rose 0.09 percent, or 5 points, to 5,865, an 8.5-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark rose nearly 1 percent in the previous session. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index was up 1.92 points at 7,135.49 at 2109 GMT. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish)
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL May 2 South Korean shares ended at a six-year closing high on Tuesday, bolstered by the country's exports, which grew at their fastest rate since 2011, increasing demand for local stocks.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.7 percent at 2,219.67 points, the highest since May 2, 2011.
Foreign investors purchased a net 131.9 billion won ($116.73 million) worth of KOSPI shares during the session.
South Korean markets were closed on Monday for a public holiday, with investors reacting to the strong trade data on Tuesday.
The South Korean won also climbed on large volumes of stock purchases and exporters' dollar-selling that was postponed from end-April.
The won was quoted at 1,130.5 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, up 0.7 percent compared to Friday's close of 1,137.9.
South Korean markets will also be closed on Wednesday and Friday due to national holiday. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Sam Holmes)
May 3 Air Lease Corp:
* Air Lease Corporation increases unsecured revolving credit facility to $3.7 billion
* Extended maturity date of substantial majority of revolving commitments from May 5, 2020 to May 5, 2021
* Increased total revolving commitments to $3.7 billion from $3.5 billion
* Syndicated unsecured revolving credit facility remains priced at Libor plus 105 basis points with a 20 basis point facility fee Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A logo of Peugeot car is seen during International Motor Show in Riga, Latvia, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins
FRANKFURT French carmaker Peugeot (PEUP.PA) is partnering with Boston, Massachusetts-based tech firm nuTonomy to test self-driving cars in Singapore.
NuTonomy's software, sensors and computing platforms will be installed in Peugeot 3008 models as part of plans to develop the technology needed for large fleets of autonomous cars, PSA and nuTonomy said in a statement on Wednesday.
The latest PSA Group project seeks to work on "level 5" autonomous capable vehicles, which require no driver input, and will allow both companies to study how an "on-demand autonomous vehicle mobility service" performs, they said.
The combination is the latest between technology and automotive companies after Daimler, which owns Mercedes-Benz, last month unveiled an autonomous cars development partnership with supplier Robert Bosch, while BMW (BMWG.DE) has announced an alliance with chipmaker Intel (INTC.O) and Israel's Mobileye (MBLY.N).
Autonomous driving in urban areas requires a more radical approach to vehicle design, particularly for software and sensors, to help a car navigate inner city obstacles, said Anne Laliron, Head of the Business Lab at PSA Group.
"That is the reason we jump on the opportunity to work with nuTonomy," Laliron told Reuters.
PSA Group will use the project to learn about what components make sense, and which suppliers are available, Laliron said.
Following the initial phase of this partnership, the companies will consider expanding their on-road AV testing initiative to other major cities.
nuTonomy, a software company founded by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) academics and McKinsey management consultants was the first to begin on the road testing of driverless taxi services in Singapore last year.
It raised $16 million last May in a funding round led by Highland Capital Partners and has backing from Singapore government authorities and Samsung Ventures, among others.
(Reporting by Edward Taylor; Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Alexander Smith)
As the global transportation & logistic industry observes convergence through adoption of data-centric solutions, predictive analytics & simulation software are likely to be in great demand in the future. As a measure to improve efficiency of transportation operations, predictive analytics and simulation software use the captured data to determine patterns, and show future outcomes & trends related to transportation. Apropos the report published by Future Market Insights, rising number of connected vehicles will also be a key booster for adoption of transportation predictive analytics & simulation solutions. Since vehicle connectivity is on an upsurge, several automakers have modified their automotive offerings by instating features such as sensors and advanced tracking systems enabled with engine diagnostics.
According to Future Market Insights' report, connected cars are capable of generating information regarding traffic flow, engine performance, etc. in real time. This data can be extracted using transportation predictive analytics and simulation, thus providing better analysis of transportation authorities. In terms of value, the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market was valued at US$ 1,550.0 Mn in 2016, and is expected to reach US$ 3,916.6 Mn by 2027-end. During this forecast period, the market will reflect robust growth at a CAGR of 8.9%.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2075
Increasing vehicular traffics witnessed across the globe, and the earnest need for saving costs through cost-effective data solutions, and thereby rendering operational efficiency in logistics sector are also observed as key drivers for growth of global transportation predictive analytics & simulation market. In the report, titled “Transportation Predictive Analytics & Simulation Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2017-2027,” North America is projected to remain the largest market for transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions North America's transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will account for 35% of the market revenues by 2027-end. The region will also register the fastest revenue growth at 10.5%, while Japan and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan region will reflect growth at more than 9% CAGRs.
The report emphasizes on how predictive analytics can help companies to maximise revenue and minimise transportation costs by predicting customer demand while dealing with any capacity limitations. They can help airline companies devise a business strategy such as adjusting flight schedules or flight fares during different demand periods, and help maximise revenues as well as increase customer satisfaction. In 2016, more than US$ 230 Mn worth of transportation predictive analytics and simulation solutions were deployed in airline transport sectors across the globe. Nevertheless, in the long run, roadways will remain the most crucial component of transport for adoption of predictive analytics and simulation solutions; global revenues from which will soar at 9.8% CAGR through 2027.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2075
Taking into account the rising use of microscopic transportation simulation platforms for infrastructure planning, more than one-third of global transportation predictive analytics and simulation revenues will be accounted by microscopic simulation throughout the forecast period. Demand for macroscopic simulation, however, is projected to witness marginal decline in terms of its global revenue share. The report also predicts that on-premise deployment models will lose traction, but will still dominate the market revenues. Meanwhile, cloud-based deployment of transportation predictive analytics and simulation in the forecast period will bring in over US$ 1,400 Mn in global revenues.
More than 90% of the global transportation predictive analytics and simulation market will remain dominated by software over services. And, the report has profiled leading developers of transportation predictive analytics and simulation software & solutions, which include, IBM Corporation, Xerox Corporation, SAP AG, PTV Group, Cubic Corporation, Space-Time Insight, Tiger Analytics Inc., T-Systems International GmbH, Predikto Inc., and Cyient-Insights.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/transportation-predictive-analytics-and-simulation-market
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
March 31 Fang Holdings Ltd
* Fang announces fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results
* Q4 revenue $174.7 million versus I/B/E/S view $187.6 million
* Qtrly fully diluted loss per ADS was $0.02
* Fang Holdings Ltd - "company is undergoing adjustments to its transformations and company is planning to return to open-platform strategy"
* Qtrly non-GAAP fully diluted loss per ADS was $0.02
* Fang Holdings - before strategic changes are finalized, will see decrease in its top line revenue but will expect to be profitable for whole year 2017
* Fang Holdings Ltd qtrly loss per share for class A and class B ordinary shares $0.11
* Fang Holdings Ltd qtrly non GAAP loss per share for class A and class B ordinary shares $0.10
* Q4 earnings per share view $-0.01, revenue view $187.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Restaurant Group Plc (RTN.L) finance chief, Barry Nightingale, is set to leave the company after less than a year in the role, Sky News reported on its website.
Nightingale's departure is set to be announced as early as Friday, Sky News also reported. bit.ly/2pWHdak
Restaurant Group named Nightingale, the former head of Monarch Airlines [MONA.UL], as its finance chief in June last year.
The owner of the Frankie & Benny's chain said last month it would seek to offer better value and improved service to win back customers after reporting lower annual profit in 2016.
The company, which operates more than 500 restaurants and pubs in Britain, has put the brake on expansion plans until it is sure that its brand and location strategy is 'sufficiently robust'
Restaurant Group was not immediately available for comment.
(Reporting by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Toby Chopra)
To much of the outside world, gambling is a vice not worthy of mercy: It is a symptom of recklessness, of compulsiveness, of greed. But compulsive gambling is also an addiction—one that affects some three to four million people in the United States alone.
About 10 miles from the shrieking lights of the Las Vegas Strip, the sand-colored Christ the Servant Lutheran Church sits in a nondescript parking lot, on an equally nondescript and equally sand-colored street. The only thing that distinguishes the building from surrounding strip malls and office parks is its shimmering cross.
The interior of the church is strangely modern in design, but in a vaguely antiquated sort of way—it looks like what an architect from 1987 may have drawn if asked for an interior befitting the tastes of the future.
Between the first row of pews and the chancel, a group of five adults, none of them younger than 50, read aloud from a pocket-sized yellow handbook: "We learned we had to concede fully to our innermost selves that we are compulsive gamblers. This is the first step in our recovery. With reference to gambling, the delusion that we are like other people, or presently may be, has to be smashed."
At the word smashed, one woman, who sits behind a cloth-draped plastic table littered with handbooks and forms, gleefully slams their fist down on their makeshift desk. The group continues: "We have lost the ability to control our gambling. We know that no real compulsive gambler ever regains control. All of us felt at times we were regaining control, but such intervals—usually brief—were inevitably followed by still less control, which led in time to pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization."
Following the reading, the conversation ping-pongs between the group's members, turning here to an upcoming birthday, and there to a checking account that remains depleted; here to this week's spaghetti night, and there to a family that remains estranged. Prolonged silences are rare. There is always discussion, morphing with the speed bred by the familiarity of old friends. Or, depending on how you view Gamblers Anonymous, there is listening.
On this afternoon in Henderson, Nevada, these men and women must reckon, together, with past sins. To much of the outside world, gambling is a vice not worthy of mercy: It is a symptom of recklessness, of compulsiveness, of greed. To some extent, that may all be true. But compulsive gambling is also an addiction—one that affects some three to four million people in the United States alone, and causes suicide attempts in one-fifth of those afflicted. That makes this meeting, in this tiny church, a haven for the sick. A place where they can be seen not as failures, but simply as people who have erred.
There is no salvation offered here, just as there is no damnation. There is only acceptance.
(Photo: John Schnobrich/Unsplash)
Bobby and I sit on a wooden bench in a dimly lit hallway outside of the main chapel. (There will be no last names given here, to protect the subjects' anonymity.) Bobby walks with a slight hunch not uncommon for a man in their seventies. In their beret and green windbreaker, they look the part of a taxi driver, which is convenient, because they work as a taxi driver (or, as they call it, "a transporter of human beings"). He's lived in Las Vegas for the last 37 years; for the last 18, he's been attending Gamblers Anonymous meetings across the city.
Meetings have supplanted gambling as the object of their addiction—he estimates they attend around eight or nine meetings per week, sometimes three in a single day. They tell me all of this with the stoicism of a priest. These meetings are just as much a part of the foundation for Bobby's theology as the church we sit in.
"I've always had God in my life," they say. "There's been so many instances in my life to where, if it wasn't for the grace of God ... I don't think I should be here today. I found myself up on the bridge, looked at the 18-wheeler coming down the highway, and I thought I fell in front of it, because I was there and I wanted out. I wanted out. But the hand of God is all I can say that kept me here, because I thought I fell. I thought I went the other way, but I'm still here. So no, I didn't jump. I'm here."
Bobby tells me this quietly, soberly. It takes a moment to process exactly what it is he's saying. The bridge incident came shortly before they entered GA.
A version of this story originally appeared in the December/January 2018 issue of Pacific Standard. Subscribe now and get eight issues/year or purchase a single copy of the magazine. (Photo: Jarren Vink/Pacific Standard)
"My last bet was 9/9/99 at 6:18 in the morning," they say. "They told me: 'Only carry as much money as you need to get by. Pay the bills. Do the next right thing, and it gets better.'"
In the places where Bobby remains guarded, Joan oozes kindness, in a way only grandmothers wearing wool sweaters can.
Joan and I sit in their aqua-colored Lexus SUV in the church parking lot. Though Joan insists they don't have much time to talk, once we get going, the words come tumbling out, earnestly and chaotically.
"Year after year, I began losing more and more and more, to the point where I wanted to kill myself. Thought I'd drive over the dam, thought of that many times," they say rapidly. "Thought I'd run into traffic, but I'm a nurse so I didn't want to hurt anybody. I didn't want to drive into anybody. So I didn't want to do that. It got to the point where I thought, What am I going to do?"
Joan has loads of stories, and none of them make for particularly easy listening. There's the way they would sneak out of the house in the wee hours of the morning, while their husband and four children were still asleep, careful to let the car roll down the driveway in neutral, lest the engine wake anyone up; the extra shifts pulled in secret, to allow for some extra gambling money that wouldn't pull directly from the family bank account (though that, too, eventually fell victim); the relapses in the casinos, and the shameful calls to their sponsor that would inevitably follow.
There's an unmistakable sadness in Joan's deep blue eyes: of money lost and trust squandered. But as we speak, and streams of tears run generously down their cheeks, I realize they are tears not only of agony, but also of rapture.
Rapture for the husband who stood by them as they waged this war against herself, and for the life she's finally been able to rebuild.
"I'm amazed they didn't leave me," they say with a laugh. "I'm so grateful that I was in this program before they got sick. I can't talk too much about it."
They grow quiet, and we're left with the dull buzz of the car radio and the howling wind blowing in from the desert. The air in the car feels heavy. We sit there together for a moment, pondering the blessings.
A version of this story originally appeared in the December/January 2018 issue of Pacific Standard. Subscribe now and get eight issues/year or purchase a single copy of the magazine.
LONDON European Union regulators took steps on Wednesday to try to stop banks exploiting a loophole in revised rules for share trading in the EU that come into force in January next year.
The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) said banks must apply for a trading platform licence if they are executing stock orders in house for several customers at once.
The watchdog suspects banks of trying to circumvent rules by saying they are dealing bilaterally with a client, when in fact they are executing share orders on a multilateral basis - an activity that would need a trading platform licence.
The watchdog wrote to the European Commission in February outlining its concerns that banks were circumventing the revised EU securities rules, known as MiFID II.
ESMA said in its guidance on so-called systemic internalisers or trading off an exchange (SIs), ESMA said SI activity which is "functionally similar to a trading venue would need to seek authorisation".
This would apply to arrangements between a bank and client that go beyond a "bilateral interaction", or become a regular rather than ad hoc activity, ESMA said in a statement.
"Several market participants have made ESMA aware of their observations that certain investment firms, that currently operate broker-crossing networks, might be seeking to circumvent the MiFID II requirements by setting up networks of interconnected SIs and other liquidity providers," ESMA said in its letter to Brussels.
The EU has been cracking down on off-exchange and anonymous trading by toughening up transparency rules in order for regulators to spot the build up of risks more easily.
ESMA said it will not prevent SIs from hedging the positions arising from the execution of client orders as long as it does not bring together multiple third party buying and selling interests.
(Reporting by Huw Jones. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Thanks to Clarence Holmes for the following WWE live event results from Friday's show in Arlington, Texas:
* RAW Tag Team Champions Seth Rollins and Dean Ambrose retained over Cesaro and Sheamus in a solid match, lots of good action
* WWE Cruiserweight Champion Enzo Amore retained over Mustafa Ali
* Rhyno, Heath Slater, R-Truth and Apollo Crews defeated Dash Wilder, Elias, Darren Young and Goldust. Elias sang a song before the match for some of the best heat of the night
* Matt Hardy and Jason Jordan defeated WWE Intercontinental Champion The Miz and Curtis Axel
* RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss retained over Nia Jax, Mickie James and Sasha Banks. Lots of Bliss fans in the crowd tonight
* Finn Balor defeated Karl Anderson. Great match, Balor won with Coup de Grace. They took out both Anderson and Luke Gallows with a big dive at one point
* Roman Reigns defeated Braun Strowman in a Last Man Standing match. Reigns was over huge tonight, the biggest I believe. Reigns put Braun through two tables - the first took a Superman Punch and a Samoan Drop through the table, the second had Reigns duck a steel steps blast and then spear Braun through the table for the win
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MADRID, April 20 Real Madrid's Sergio Ramos and Barcelona's Gerard Pique share a rivalry every bit as intense as that between their teams.
Ramos is Madrid's perennial hero, the man who scores last-minute goals to win cup finals and keep the team alive when all hope seems lost.
As such, they feed into Los Blancos' history of against-the-odds comebacks. Even on Tuesday, when Ramos scored an own goal to take the Champions League clash with Bayern Munich to extra time, they made amends by crossing for Cristiano Ronaldo to score the goal that effectively sent Madrid through to the semi-finals.
Pique, on the other hand, is a Catalan icon and symbol of the resistance against Madrid, both in footballing and political terms.
Barcelona fans adore the way they speak out against perceived injustices against their side, using social media for widespread impact. Although not one of the club's four captains, they are viewed as their leader and a future president.
An enduring image of Pique is the defender gleefully holding their hand aloft, five fingers outstretched, to represent each of the goals Barcelona netted in their 5-0 win over Madrid at Camp Nou in November 2010.
The pair have had many run-ins and the build-up to Sunday's Clasico was no different, Pique making reference on Twitter to poor officiating in Madrid's 4-2 win over Bayern.
Ramos hit back, telling Pique they can "rewind and say the same thing about the PSG game" that saw Barcelona qualify for the quarter-finals in controversial circumstances.
Despite the bickering, the pair share an underlying respect and call a truce when they play together for Spain.
"Pique and I like to throw each other pebbles but as soon as I see him, I'm going to give them a hug," explained Ramos.
"It's the rivalry between Real Madrid and Barcelona, that will always exist. I'm not going to deny that we have become accustomed to it. We don't take it badly, it's all very sporting."
For defenders they are remarkably prolific and it would not be strange if, despite all the attacking talent on show at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday, one of them ended up settling the game.
If that happens — and probably even if it doesn't — expect there to be fallout, on the pitch, in spiky post-match comments and on social media. (Writing by Rik Sharma, editing by Neil Robinson)
Britain's services firm Mitie (MTO.L) announced on Wednesday a new writedown costing as much as 50 million pounds and said it might restate accounts to March 2016, but its shares climbed more than 7 percent as it reported steady revenues.
The provider of pest control, property cleaning, security and ancillary healthcare undertook a review of its accounts after issuing three profit warnings in a year, blaming uncertainty surrounding Brexit and rising costs.
The company, which previously announced a 14 million pound one-off charge, said it would write down an additional 40 million to 50 million pounds as its auditor had found the way it booked work-in-progress on long-term contracts and costs relating to contracts was less conservative than rivals.
It said only 6 million pounds of the writedown would be cash outflows in the year to March 2018. The rest would be asset writedowns that would not hit future profitability.
"Whilst clearly Mitie was in a mess, the key ... is that trading is in line ... and the balance sheet review has been completed without any significant negative cashflow or ongoing impacts," RBC analyst Andrew Brooke wrote in a note.
Mitie said revenue for the year to March 2017 was flat compared to year ago and that trading performance was largely in line with previous expectations.
Mitie has fared worse than rivals as its margins on long-running contracts have been squeezed by higher labour costs. Its greater exposure to catering and other discretionary budget services also left it vulnerable to cutbacks by clients.
Mitie's shares, which have lost 22 percent over the past year, were up 7.8 percent to 228 pence at 0914 GMT, making it the top FTSE midcap gainer .FTMC. The stock was trading at 269 pence before its first profit warning in September 2016.
CEO Phil Bentley, who overhauled the management since starting in December, said Mitie had set clear "measurements" for costs and people, and the underlying business would not be undermined by the accounting adjustments.
"We have appointed a new executive leadership team - with a new way of working and we are confident the business will generate significant shareholder returns over the forthcoming years," they said.
Canaccord Genuity said Mitie's management had been quick to address balance sheet concerns hanging over the company.
Mitie said it was starting talks with lenders to change its banking arrangement and would hold an investor meeting on June 12 to seek investor approval to raise its borrowing limits to 1.5 billion pounds.
The firm had been due to issue its full-year results in May, but said on Wednesday it would delay results till June.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Edmund Blair)
DUBAI, March 28 Passenger traffic at Dubai International Airport, the world's busiest for international traffic, climbed 8.8 percent from a year earlier to 6.95 million people in February, the airport's operator said on Tuesday. In the first two months of this year, traffic increased 9.3 percent to 14.99 million people. The growth was fuelled by rising traffic with eastern Europe and Asia. The airport, which accounts for only part of Dubai's air freight, handled 192,704 tonnes of cargo in February, down 1.9 per cent from a year earlier. In the first two months of 2017, freight increased 0.8 percent to 400,976 tonnes. (Reporting by Andrew Torchia, editing by Ed Osmond)
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's construction sector came close to contracting for the first time since September last month as uncertainty linked to Brexit caused new orders to dry up, a survey showed on Friday.
The IHS Markit/CIPS UK Construction PMI fell to 50.2 in January from 52.2 in December, well below a median forecast of 52.0 in a Reuters poll of economists.
“Survey respondents reported increased hesitance among clients to invest in new projects amid heightened concerns over the UK economic outlook,” Sam Teague, an IHS Markit economist, said.
Firms expected business to improve later in 2018 but the outlook depended on how Britain's Brexit talks go, Teague said.
Prime Minister Theresa May wants to negotiate a deal with the European Union that avoids major new barriers to trade and investment, even as they come under pressure from many members of their Conservative Party to resist the demands of Brussels.
Britain's economy has generally fared better than expected at the time of the 2016 referendum decision to leave the EU. But much of that is thanks to a strong recovery in the global economy. Britain lagged its Group of Seven peers last year.
Construction comprises around 6 percent of British economic output. Official figures published last week showed the sector contracted in the fourth quarter of 2017 when it had its worst performance in more than five years.
A PMI for Britain's manufacturing sector - which accounts for about 10 percent of the economy - showed the weakest growth in seven months in January.
A similar survey for the far larger services sector is due on Monday.
Finance minister Philip Hammond announced measures in November that they hope will improve Britain's poor record of house-building, which has helped push up house prices sharply.
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 30 Bezeq Israel Telecommunication Corp Ltd :
* Q4 net profit 185 million shekels versus 369 million shekels
* Forecast in Reuters poll to post Q4 net profit of 258 million shekels
* Q4 revenue 2.5 billion shekels versus 2.6 billion
* Sees 2017 net profit of 1.4 billion shekels
* To pay 578 million shekel dividends for second half of 2016 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Steven Scheer)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 U.S. nitrogen fertilizer producer CF Industries Holdings Inc reported a first-quarter loss compared with a profit in the year-ago period, hurt by lower realized prices of ammonia and urea.
Net loss attributable to shareholders was $23 million, or 10 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, compared with a profit of $26 million, or 11 cents per share, a year earlier.
Net sales rose marginally to $1.04 billion from $1 billion. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru and Rod Nickel in Winnipeg, Manitoba; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
A long-exposure picture shows a container ship, at a loading terminal, in the harbour of Hamburg, Germany April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
BERLIN The German economy, Europe's largest, picked up speed at the beginning of this year, lifted by a robust industrial sector and rising employment that is supporting private consumption, the Economy Ministry said on Wednesday.
"The German economy's rate of expansion accelerated somewhat in the first quarter," the ministry said in a statement.
In the final three months of 2016, the economy grew by 0.4 percent.
(Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Joseph Nasr)
BEIJING, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co's sales in China rose 10.9 percent in January from a year earlier to 126,174 vehicles, after climbing 6.2 percent in December, the company said on Friday.
Honda did not provide a forecast for its volume in China this year.
The Tokyo-headquartered automaker last year sold a total of 1.44 million vehicles, up 15.5 percent from 2016. Honda's sales in China rose 24 percent in 2016. (Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu and Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
TOKYO, April 6 JERA Co said on Thursday that it had struck a memorandum of understanding with Dubai Supply Authority (DUSUP) on cooperation in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) business.
JERA, the world's top LNG importer, has been forming alliances with other big LNG buyers to secure more flexible supply contracts in a move which shifts power to importers from producers as oversupply grows.
JERA, a fuel joint venture between Tokyo Electric Power and Chubu Electric Power, said it and DUSUP would discuss opportunities for mutual collaboration in the LNG business, including joint procurement of LNG and opportunities for cooperation related to LNG shipping and storage capacity.
DUSUP procures natural gas through national and international pipelines and through the development of an LNG import facility called a floating storage regasification unit (FSRU) in Jebel Ali.
"JERA believes that strengthening its relationship with DUSUP will contribute to expanding business opportunities for both companies," JERA said in a statement.
The Tokyo-based firm last month signed a similar agreement with two of the world's biggest LNG buyers, Korea Gas Corp (KOGAS) and China National Offshore Oil Corp (CNOOC) to exchange information and cooperate in the joint procurement of LNG. (Reporting by Osamu Tsukimori. Editing by Jane Merriman)
April 6 TECHNOPOLIS OYJ
* ACQUIRES OFFICE PROPERTY IN VILNIUS
* ACQUIRED AN OFFICE PROPERTY UNDER CONSTRUCTION IN VILNIUS NEIGHBORING ITS OWN CAMPUS IN OZAS AREA
* SIGNED A SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT TO ACQUIRE A NEIGHBORING LAND PLOT WITH EXPANSION POTENTIAL OF AT LEAST 20,000 SQM
* INVESTMENT VALUE OF DEAL IS APPROXIMATELY EUR 32 MILLION
* SELLER OF PROPERTIES IS ICOR GROUP.
* INVESTMENT WILL HAVE A POSITIVE IMPACT ON EPS AND TO BE FINANCED WITH COMPANY'S OWN LIQUID FUNDS. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO CVC Capital Partners [CVC.UL] said on Tuesday it has hired a former executive of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (8316.T) as president of Japan operations.
Nobuaki Kurumatani, a former deputy president of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial, was appointed for the role effective Monday, CVC said in a statement.
Last month CVC appointed Yoshiaki Fujimori, a former chief executive of LIXIL Group Corp (5938.T), a Japanese provider of bathroom and kitchen equipments, as senior executive adviser for Japan.
Japanese companies are seen to be more willing to sell assets to private equity firms as they try to streamline their businesses. Last week Japanese conglomerate Hitachi Ltd (6501.T) sold its chip-making equipment unit to KKR (KKR.N).
In 2015 CVC hired Atsushi Akaike, a former dealmaker at Japanese buyout firm Advantage Partners, as head of Japan.
(Reporting by Junko Fujita; Editing by Stephen Coates)
LONDON/MILAN (Reuters) - A group of hedge funds have stepped up bets against a string of Italian banks, taking a contrary stance against a sector and broader market on the rise ahead of an election which could yet rattle investors.
The negative stance, shown in positioning data filed with the regulator, is at odds with business morale - at a decade high as a slow economic recovery gathers pace - as well as debt markets, where there is no sign of sovereign stress ahead of the March 4 vote.
Italian banking stocks .FTIT8300 - a proxy for the health of the wider Italian economy, have risen 11 percent so far this year to push the country's FTSE MIB .FTMIB index up 6.5 percent, outperforming most European peers.
By contrast, European banks .SX7P have risen just 3.8 percent over the same period.
While Italy's market gains have been helped by growing confidence over the country's economic recovery, thanks in part to the European Central Bank's loose monetary policy, banks would be firmly in the firing line if the market suddenly considers the positivity overdone, such as around the election.
At the moment, the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement is the most popular single party in opinion polls, ahead of the ruling party PD. A center-right alliance of smaller parties is seen winning most seats in parliament though, but probably not enough to govern, pointing to a coalition.
“It's a paradox,” said Carlo Franchini, head of institutional clients at Italy's Banca Ifigest, about the relatively sanguine market reaction so far.
“People simply haven't realized there are elections ahead. The problem is the immense liquidity,” they added, referring to how easy money policies have inflated bond prices in the heavily indebted euro zone country.
So-called ‘short' bets on lenders including UniCredit (CRDI.MI), BPER Banca (EMII.MI) and Credito Valtellinese (PCVI.MI) have all risen since the end of last year, data from the Italian regulator's website showed.
The hedge fund trade involves borrowing a stock from a long-term holder such as a pension scheme and selling it into the market in an expectation that the price will fall before you buy it back and return it, pocketing the difference as profit.
U.S. hedge fund Bridgewater Associates is leading the charge with the largest number of bets in the sector, including against Intesa Sanpaolo (ISP.MI), UniCredit and Finecobank (FBK.MI), among others.
Other funds to add to their short positions recently include London-based firms Marshall Wace, Lansdowne Partners, Oceanwood Capital Management and Caius Capital, the data showed, as did computer-driven investors AQR Capital Management, Oxford Asset Management and GSA Capital, which follow market trends.
All of the funds involved in shorting Italian banks either declined to comment or were not immediately available to comment when contacted by Reuters.
BULLS
Not everyone agrees, however, particularly as the Italian banking system begins to tackle its large pile of non-performing loans, freeing up cash to lend to companies and boost economic growth.
Investors also see potential for the fragmented Italian banking system to consolidate and cut costs.
A spokesperson at one London-based fund told Reuters their firm was “rather positive” on Italian banks. “We think they are very cheap and they have addressed their issues.”
Jerry del Missier, who runs hedge fund and private equity firm Copper Street Capital, said they had a more nuanced view on the Italian banks.
“There are clearly capital challenges at a number of institutions but good progress was made in the last year in cleaning up the sector. Some of this has been reflected in the market already, but we believe there are still attractive valuations across the capital structure of several banks.”
Six hedge funds owned stakes in UniCredit, betting the share price would rise, according to Thomson Reuters data, while three held such positive bets in BPER Banca and three in Credito Valtellinese.
The International Monetary Fund estimates the Italian economy grew 1.6 percent in 2017, the strongest rate since 2010. The economy is set to grow 1.5 percent in 2018, lagging average growth of 2.2 percent across the whole euro zone.
The stock market was helped in 2017 by 11 billion euros of investment from a government-backed scheme to promote public ownership of small and mid cap companies. Another 9 billion euros investment is expected in 2018, according to estimates from brokerage Equita.
Nottinghamshire is to host prospective Tokyo Olympians next summer for the inaugural Accenture World Triathlon Mixed Relay Nottingham as part of the ITU Mixed Relay Series.
The evening event, set to take place on 7th June, will witness some of the world's top triathlon quartets dive into the River Trent, before racing around Victoria Embankment on both bike and foot, just two days before they take on the British leg of the ITU World Triathlon Series in Leeds.
Triathlon Mixed Relay will make its Olympic debut at the Tokyo 2020 Games, so the event in Nottingham will be a top priority for nations looking to secure the first points on offer to qualify their spots on the start line.
The Nottingham eventwas named by the ITU as the first of two qualification events in 2018, in addition to the ITU Mixed Relay World Championships and the Continental Championships.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Fengyuzhu Exhibition Co Ltd :
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FCnmoA Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
FRANKFURT, April 6 German drugs-packaging firm Gerresheimer on Thursday said its major pharmaceutical customers had been more cautious in placing orders due to uncertainty over the new U.S. administration's policies.
Revenues at its business division that makes glass bottles and vials for drugs fell 2.9 percent in its fiscal first quarter through the end of February as sales in North America slipped, it said.
Overall revenues were down more than 5 percent at 302.8 million euros ($323.1 million), missing analyst consensus of 307 million euros in a Reuters poll.
The group stuck with full-year guidance for revenues at the lower end of a range from 1.405 billion to 1.455 billion euros. Analysts on average see 2017 revenues of 1.43 billion euros.
($1 = 0.9371 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
April 6 (Reuters) -
* India cenbank deputy Mundra says will have a relook at the existing bad loan resolution instruments if there is a need
* India cenbank official says RBI is cautioning that inflation is elevated than where we want it to be
* India cenbank deputy Acharya says India is prepared for Fed hikes
* India cenbank chief Patel says we feel at this juncture the shift from accommodative to neutral is adequate
* For the detailed report on the RBI policy review see: (Reporting By Suvashree Dey Choudhury)
GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Thousands of previously unknown ancient Maya structures, including pyramids, palaces and causeways, have been revealed in Guatemala following an investigation by a team of international archaeologists using ground-penetrating laser technology.
The find allowed the researchers to map the outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants, according to a statement issued on Thursday by Guatemala's PACUNAM foundation.
The ancient Maya civilization was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica, marked by sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico.
The research used so-called LIDAR technology that utilizes light from lasers to construct a detailed survey of buried structures.
“The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale,” said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University.
The team of archaeologists surveyed more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle and even revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala.
The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30 meters) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain.
The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 A.D. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate.
WASHINGTON, April 3 U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus were meeting on Monday with a group of Republican House conservatives about reviving an effort to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Opposition by the Freedom Caucus, a group of the most conservative members of the House of Representatives, to a White House-backed healthcare plan helped sink the bill last month. Earlier on Monday, Pence and Priebus met with Republican House moderates on reviving healthcare legislation. (Reporting by David Morgan; Writing by Eric Beech)
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
April 28 China Fortune Land Development Co Ltd
* Says its Q1 net profit up 35.1 percent y/y at 1.8 billion yuan ($261.04 million)
* Says its Singapore unit CFLD (Singapore) Investment Pte Ltd signs MOU with Brunei's government, Darussalam Assets Sdn Bhd on economic zone project
* Says it plans to set up unit in Brunei
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2oC2NEF; bit.ly/2prTpTc
Further company coverage:
($1 = 6.8956 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
TOKYO, April 20 Japan's Fujifilm Holdings Corp has postponed its earnings announcement over questionable accounting practice at its overseas unit, the company said on Thursday.
In a statement, the company said its board decided to set up a third-party panel to look into the validity of accounting over some lease transactions at Fuji Xerox New Zealand Ltd for the periods prior to financial year 2015.
The company originally planned to announce on April 27 its results for the year ended in March, but said it postponed the announcement indefinitely until the result of the investigation.
The panel, made up of an outside accountant and lawyers, is scheduled to report its findings to the company around mid-May, Fujifilm said. (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
TEPIC, Mexico, April 10 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Melting glaciers, intense storms and other climate-related shocks are expected to ramp up pressure on Latin America's infrastructure, which needs to be stronger to stand the test, the World Bank said.
Better infrastructure could also help reduce inequality, lift people out of poverty and promote development, it said in a new report.
Reliance on hydropower makes the region's clean energy supplies vulnerable, while drought could menace water-stressed cities, it added.
“It's becoming increasingly visible that it's necessary to make infrastructure more resilient,” said report co-author Marianne Fay, chief economist with the World Bank's sustainable development division.
“We need to figure out what future you have to prepare for," they told journalists. "We also suggest taking approaches that have no regrets - that make sense whatever happens."
Latin America and the Caribbean spent 2.8 percent of gross domestic product last year on infrastructure, compared with around 4 to 8 percent in other regions, the report said.
The challenge is how to make that investment more efficient and better targeted in the region that often has poor or non-existent services outside major cities, said the bank.
To limit disruptions, transport, water and sewage systems must be bolstered to withstand growing pressure from climate change, the report said.
Electricity demand will likely rise due to increased heat waves, while extreme weather patterns will necessitate flood-prevention measures, it added.
A mix of engineered infrastructure, ecosystem services and mapping of risks and vulnerabilities could help combat problems, it said.
RETROFITTING SLUMS
Fay highlighted Latin America's poor sanitation and high dependency on solid cooking fuels as major public health challenges in the middle-income region, where countries face tight budget constraints.
Water-supply coverage is relatively high, but its quality is inadequate and less than 30 percent of wastewater is treated. More than 20 million people, mainly in rural areas, still lack access to improved drinking water, noted the report.
Overall electricity access is high, it said, but 22 million do not have power - mainly in Haiti, Peru and Guatemala. Meanwhile, 87 million have no access to non-solid fuels, with Mexico and Brazil among those most affected.
“Low quality of life, severe health problems, poor education and medical care, and limited opportunities for raising incomes and living standards are associated with a lack of electricity and non-solid fuels,” said the report.
The “last mile” challenge to get water and electricity to the region's poorest is compounded by their remoteness, and demands innovative technology, delivery and funding, it said.
Transport is expensive and often unsafe, with cities congested and some rural areas isolated, said the report, noting the density of paved roads is similar to that in Africa.
Costly retrofitting may be the only way to improve sprawling slums in megacities, but medium-sized cities still have the chance to incorporate low-cost housing into their urban design, said Fay.
Governments should address the region's service gaps, and focus on “spending better on the right thing”, they added. (Reporting by Sophie Hares; editing by Megan Rowling. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
(Reuters Health) - - Requiring teens to get permission from their parents to participate in studies about behavioral health may make it harder to understand adolescent psychology - especially when drugs and alcohol are involved - a U.S. study suggests.
That's because teens are less likely to complete surveys if they have to seek permission to answer questions about risky or illegal behaviors, the study found. Plus, these studies may not include enough older adolescents, boys or black youth to accurately reflect what's happening in these populations.
“Requiring parental consent may introduce a systematic bias that excludes certain segments of our population,” said lead study author Chao Liu of Oklahoma State University in Stillwater.
“If this is the case, then the treatments and prevention interventions developed may not adequately address the needs of these populations,” Liu said by email.
In the U.S., minors under age 18 generally need permission from their parents to get medical treatment or participate in research, researchers note in the Journal of Adolescent Health.
When it comes to research, consent may be “active,” requiring parents to explicitly give their permission for kids to join studies or it may be “passive,” allowing youth to participate unless parents opt out. As a rule, studies involving patient care use active consent, but some survey research uses passive consent.
Liu and colleagues examined data from 15 previously published studies with a total of 104,074 children to see how the consent policies influenced which kids participated and how they responded to questions about risky or illegal behaviors.
With active consent, females and younger youth were more likely to participate than males or older teens, the study found. White children were also more likely to join these studies than Hispanic youth, but this difference was too small to rule out the possibility that it was due to chance.
Black teens were more likely to join studies with passive consent than active consent, the study also found.
With passive consent, teens were much more likely to report using drugs or alcohol than with active consent.
“Teens may not want their parent to know about behaviors, specifically risky behaviors, for fear of getting in trouble,” said Dr. Jill Beck, a researcher at the University of Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha who wasn't involved in the study.
“Requiring parental consent may influence some teens to either not participate in a study at all or give false information,” Beck said by email.
One limitation of the analysis is that it included too few studies to make broad conclusions about how the type of consent influences who participates or what participants say, the authors note. It's also possible the findings would be different outside the U.S. where laws on parental consent for research might differ.
“The question is whether adolescents must be viewed as a vulnerable subgroup for whom parental consent is necessary to ensure appropriate protection, or whether requiring this additional layer of consent actually robs adolescents of opportunities to contribute to research as participants in certain circumstances,” Dr. Reshma Jagsi, an ethics researcher at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
The answer is complicated, and age alone isn't a very good way of determining whether teens have the capacity to make informed decisions about participating in research, said Dr. Yoram Unguru of the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics in Baltimore.
“Healthy, older children who lack experience with medical decision-making or whose parents have insulated them from making certain life decisions may have decreased capacity,” Unguru, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Younger children with chronic illness or poor health with all its experiences and choices or whose parents have allowed them to make life decisions may have been challenged to develop increased capacity and may be better equipped to appreciate that their choices carry certain consequences and may, therefore have greater understanding of participating in medical and research decisions than an older healthy child,” Unguru added.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2o6G1Tz Journal of Adolescent Health, online March 28, 2017.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LAUSANNE, Switzerland Nestle's (NESN.S) outgoing chairperson said on Thursday they could not predict what Nestle would do with its 23 percent stake in French cosmetics group L'Oréal (OREP.PA) after the termination of an agreement between the Swiss food company and the Bettencourt family, L'Oréal's biggest shareholder.
"What will happen after Mrs Bettencourt, very unfortunately, leaves us one day? Who knows what can happen in five or ten years, we certainly wish them a long and healthy life," Peter Brabeck said in reply to a shareholder question at Nestle's annual general meeting.
The agreement between Nestle and the Bettencourt family, L'Oréal's biggest shareholder, stipulates that the two parties cannot increase their stake in L'Oréal during the lifetime of Liliane Bettencourt, 94, and six months after that.
(Reporting by Silke Koltrowitz, editing by John Revill)
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 23/04/2017. Rafael Nadal of Spain plays a shot to their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Jean-Pierre Amet
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 23/04/2017. Rafael Nadal of Spain serves to their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Jean-Pierre Amet
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 23/04/2017. Rafael Nadal of Spain reacts after defeating their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Jean-Pierre Amet
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Rafael Nadal of Spain hugs their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas after the final of the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Rafael Nadal of Spain poses with their trophy after winning their final tennis match against their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas at the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Prince Albert II of Monaco shakes hand with Rafael Nadal of Spain after winning their final tennis match against their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas (L) at the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Prince Albert II of Monaco poses with Rafael Nadal of Spain and their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Prince Albert II of Monaco looks at Rafael Nadal of Spain holding up their trophy after winning their final tennis match against their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas at the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco - 23/04/17 - Rafael Nadal of Spain poses with their trophy after winning their final tennis match against their compatriot Albert Ramos-Vinolas at the Monte Carlo Masters. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
MONTE CARLO Rafael Nadal claimed a record-extending 10th Monte Carlo Masters title as they geared up for their beloved French Open with a 6-1 6-3 victory over fellow Spaniard Albert Ramos on Sunday.
The fourth seed, who is also targeting a 10th Roland Garros trophy this year, was always in command as they won their first ATP title since triumphing in Barcelona a year ago.
The 14-times grand slam champion had won their two previous encounters against Ramos and the 15th seed failed to snap that run on Sunday.
"It has been an amazing week on one of the most important events on the tour. I played well here, which helps me a lot to start the claycourt season with confidence," said Nadal.
"For me, that's the most important thing, feel myself happy when I am playing. If I am healthy and I feel myself competitive, I am happy.
"Then it is obvious I would like to win. But I know if I am in finals of important events, the normal thing is I finally win titles. So today was another chance. I lost the first three finals this year, but with positive feelings. Today I won a very important title for me."
Nadal wasted three break points in the second game as Ramos levelled for 1-1, only for the claycourt king to win the next five games to bag the opening set.
With Nadal's topspin working with devastating effect, Ramos struggled to stay close to their baseline.
The Mallorcan broke for 3-2 in the second set when Ramos sent a backhand long and from then on Nadal was unstoppable.
Ramos ended their first Masters final with a double fault that handed Nadal their 70th ATP title on the third match point.
(Writing by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Clare Fallon)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Weatherford International Plc:
* WEATHERFORD REPORTS FOURTH QUARTER 2017 RESULTS
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE $1.95
* Q4 LOSS PER SHARE $0.33 EXCLUDING ITEMS
* Q4 REVENUE $1.49 BILLION VERSUS $1.41 BILLION
* IN QUARTER, RECORDED PRE-TAX CHARGES OF $1.59 BILLION, The MAJORITY OF WHICH ARE NON-CASH
* PRE-TAX CHARGES IN QUARTER PRIMARILY INCLUDE $1.68 BILLION IN IMPAIRMENTS AND ASSET WRITE-DOWNS, AMONG OTHERS
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $-0.21, REVENUE VIEW $1.50 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Repeats advisory on withdrawal of April 28 story)
LONDON/WASHINGTON May 3 The story headlined "London terrorism suspect was on Gaza flotilla ship in 2010 - sources" published on April 28 is withdrawn and a substitute story will be published soon.
The story has been withdrawn because Reuters sources were unable to confirm their initial information that Khalid Omar Ali was aboard the Mavi Marmara in May 2010. STORY_NUMBER: L8N1I07PP STORY_DATE: 28/04/2017 STORY_TIME: 1704 GMT
LISBON Portugal's monthly unemployment rate fell below 10 percent in February for the first time in eight years and slipped further to 9.8 percent in March, data from the National Statistics Institute (INE) showed on Friday.
The INE revised the February rate to 9.9 percent from the provisional estimate of 10 percent reported last month.
According to the provisional monthly unemployment data for March, the youth unemployment rate of those aged 15 to 24 fell to 23.3 percent in March from 24.4 percent in February and from 31.1 percent a year ago.
The total number of those unemployed fell to 504,000 people from 508,300 in February, while the employed workforce increased slightly to 4.65 million, the INE said.
(Reporting By Andrei Khalip)
March 31 WAYSTREAM HOLDING AB (PUBL)
* GETS SEK 3 MILLION ORDER VIA PARTNER IN SWEDEN AND DENMARK
* ORDERS INVOLVING SWITCH ASR6000 AND FIBRE OPTICS EXPECTED TO BE DELIVERED IN Q1 AND Q3 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 SDIPTECH AB (PUBL):
* REG-SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) ANNOUNCES STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING OF THE COMPANY'S COMMON SHARE OF SERIES B ON NASDAQ FIRST NORTH PREMIER
* PRICE PER COMMON SHARE OF SERIES B IN OFFERING HAS BEEN SET TO SEK 56
* OFFERING COMPRISES 8 928 571 NEWLY ISSUED COMMON SHARES OF SERIES B TO A VALUE OF APPROXIMATELY SEK 500 MILLION
* ASSUMING THAT OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION UTILIZED IN FULL TOTAL VALUE OF OFFERING AND OVER-ALLOTMENT OPTION AMOUNTS TO APPROXIMATELY SEK 575 MILLION
* TRADING IN SDIPTECH'S COMMON SHARES OF SERIES B IS EXPECTED TO TAKE PLACE ON NASDAQ FIRST NORTH PREMIER ON MAY 12, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK May 2 Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday as gains for the tech and industrial sectors countered weakness in auto and energy stocks and investors digested a heavy day of earnings reports.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 36.43 points, or 0.17 percent, to end at 20,949.89, the S&P 500 gained 2.84 points, or 0.12 percent, to 2,391.17 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.76 points, or 0.06 percent, to 6,095.37. (Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by James Dalgleish)
AUSTIN, Texas (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson raised the prospect on Thursday that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro, but said they did not know whether that would happen.
In a speech at the University of Texas ahead of a five-nation Latin American tour, Tillerson insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “regime change” in Venezuela, but said it would be “easiest” if Maduro chose to leave power on their own.
Tillerson predicted there would be change of some kind in Venezuela and said the United States, which has had steadily worsening relations with the country's Socialist government, wanted it to be a peaceful one.
Maduro, whose approval ratings are low amid a collapsing economy, runaway inflation and rising malnutrition in the oil-producing country, is seeking re-election in a vote that must be held by the end of April.
“We have not advocated for regime change or removal of President Maduro. We have advocated that they return to the constitution,” Tillerson said when asked during a question-and-answer session whether the removal of Maduro was necessary or the United States would play a role in it.
They then suggested the possibility, however, that internal forces might take action, although they offered no evidence the United States had intelligence backing the notion that the military might turn against Maduro.
“In the history of Venezuela and in fact the history in other Latin American and South American countries, often times, it is the military that handles that,” Tillerson said.
“When things are so bad that the military leadership realizes that it just can't serve the citizens anymore, they will manage a peaceful transition,” they said. But they added: “Whether that will be the case here or not, I do not know.”
FILE PHOTO - Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds a document as they speak during a meeting with ministers in Caracas, Venezuela January 30, 2018. Miraflores Palace/Handout via REUTERS
CARACAS SEES RIGHT-WING CONSPIRACY
The United States and other Western governments accuse Maduro's government of violating political and human rights in Venezuela and have imposed economic sanctions. Critics at home say Maduro, who succeeded Hugo Chavez in 2013, has wrecked the economy and skewed the election system to perpetuate power for their Socialist Party.
Maduro's government, which is allied with Cuba's Communist leadership, says it is fighting a U.S.-led right-wing conspiracy determined to end socialism in Latin America, hobble Venezuela's economy and steal its oil wealth.
The Venezuelan government did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
“Maduro should get back to their constitution and follow it,” Tillerson said. “And then, if they are not re-elected by the people, so be it.”
“Then, if the kitchen gets a little too hot for him, I am sure that he's got some friends over in Cuba that could give them a nice hacienda on the beach and they could have a nice life over there.”
Tillerson also took aim at the Cuban government, which they said “disregards their people.” U.S.-Cuba tensions have increased with President Donald Trump's reversal last year of elements of predecessor Barack Obama's rapprochement with America's Cold War foe.
Tillerson said that Cuba “has an opportunity, in their own transfer of power from decades of the Castro regime, to take a new direction.”
It was a reference to plans for Raul Castro to hand over the presidency to a successor later this year, although they are set to retain the influential post of Communist Party chief.
April 28 Amicogen Inc :
* Says it will buy 167,000 shares of a yogurt drink firm for 83.5 million won to expand Vegan Yogurt market
* Says it will hold 100 percent stake(333,334 shares) in target company after transaction
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/ZjAqsX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 13 Clayton Williams Energy Inc:
* Clayton Williams Energy-On April 10, Sobel and Poms, in consolidated action agreed to withdraw pending motions for preliminary injunction against co
* Clayton Williams Energy-on April 10, Sobel and Poms, in consolidated action agreed to dismiss their individual claims against co as MOOT
* Clayton Williams Energy Inc - plaintiffs agrred to dismiss claims in return for company's agreement to make supplemental disclosures
* Clayton Williams Energy Inc - plaintiffs sobel and poms filed a notice of withdrawal of their motions for preliminary injunctive relief
* Clayton Williams Energy- on April 10, plaintiffs filed notice of withdrawal and district court cancelled hearing that had been set for April 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 12 McLaren driver Fernando Alonso will miss the Monaco Grand Prix in May in order to race in the Indianapolis 500, their team said on Wednesday.
McLaren is returning to the Indy 500 after an absence of 38 years and will enter a single car in the race.
"Since the Indianapolis 500 will take place on May 28th, the same day as the Monaco Grand Prix, Fernando will not race at Monaco this year," McLaren said in a statement.
Alonso is out of contract with McLaren at the end of the season and the Formula One team's troubled start to the campaign has prompted speculation about whether the Spaniard would see out the year.
The double world champion and McLaren endured a frustrating season opening race in Australia, following on from pre-season testing marred by a lack of power and reliability from their Honda engines.
Alonso's hopes of scoring their first points of the season in last weekend's Chinese Grand Prix at the weekend were dashed by a driveshaft failure.
"I'm immensely excited that I'll be racing in this year's Indy 500, with McLaren, Honda and Andretti Autosport," Alonso said in a statement.
"The Indy 500 is one of the most famous races on the global motorsport calendar, rivalled only by the Le Mans 24 Hours and the Monaco Grand Prix. It's of course a regret of mine that I won't be able to race at Monaco this year." (Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Everton's Ronald Koeman wants to keep Romelu Lukaku, saying the Premier League's top scorer has improved significantly since they became the Merseyside club's manager at the start of the season.
British media reported this week that Everton were asking a world record fee of 100 million pounds ($128 million) for the 23-year-old Belgian international, who has scored 24 league goals in this campaign.
"He's now a better striker for the team than they were at this time last year," Koeman told a news conference ahead of their team's trip to 13th-placed West Ham, who have landed only one victory in their last nine league games, on Saturday.
"If someone's interested they'll call the board of the club and they'll speak about it but we want to keep him. Every team wants goalscorers because they make points for the team."
Everton have lost only two league games in 2017 and are lying seventh in the league, level on points with sixth-placed Arsenal, although they have played two more games.
Koeman is targeting a top-five finish to secure guaranteed qualification to the Europa League next season and they hope to remain in contention when Everton visit the Emirates in the last game of the season.
"That's our target (fifth place)...if we're still in the mix when we play Arsenal at the end of the season it will be really nice," the former Southampton boss said, adding that they expect to make several additions to their squad next season should they be playing European football.
“We know that we have to be prepared in the number of players we have. To have a lot of competition and that's a challenge," the Dutchman added.
($1 = 0.7794 pounds)
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Alexander Smith)
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; John Isner of the United States hits a forehand against Alexander Zverev of Germany (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 31, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Nick Kyrgios of Australia hits a forehand against Roger Federer of Switzerland (not pictured) during a men's singles semi-final in the 2017 Miami Open at Brandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
SYDNEY A barrage of aces can be expected in the second rubber of Australia's Davis Cup quarter-final against the United States in Brisbane on Friday after Nick Kyrgios was drawn to play John Isner in singles.
Australian Kyrgios, who has beaten Novak Djokovic twice and taken Roger Federer close over the last month on the back of some brilliant serving, is tied for third place with the tall American on the ATP leaderboard with 218 aces this season.
The clash between world number 16 Kyrgios and the 23rd ranked Isner will follow Jack Sock's first meeting with 22-year-old Australian Jordan Thompson on the hardcourt of the Pat Rafter Arena.
"I'm looking forward to getting back here and having some home support," said Kyrgios, who had to deal with a hostile crowd when they lost to Federer in Miami last week.
"I feel comfortable playing second. I'll be out there for some of Thommo's match and I think it's a good match up with them against Sock."
Another Australian big server, Sam Groth, will team up with John Peers to take on Sam Querrey, who is no slouch in the service department, and Steve Johnson in Saturday's doubles before the reverse singles on Sunday.
The two countries have 60 Davis Cup titles between them but Australia have not won since they bagged their 28th crown in 2003, while the U.S. snared their 32nd a decade ago.
Isner has a 2-1 record against Kyrgios after beating the 21-year-old in their first two meetings at the Canadian and Madrid Masters tournaments in 2015 before losing in two tight sets in Atlanta last year.
"Right now, a lot of people could argue he's playing maybe the best tennis he's ever played," Isner said of Kyrgios.
"If our match does go to five sets I think it would make for a pretty cool atmosphere out there at the very least."
In-form Sock, the highest ranked player in the tie at world number 15, will be going into the unknown all weekend as they have never previously faced Kyrgios either.
Thompson gets their chance to represent their country for a second time in the absence of Bernard Tomic, who declined to play the tie.
Australia captain Lleyton Hewitt was confident the world number 79 would be able to cope after winning both their singles matches in the first round tie against the Czech Republic.
"The positive is that Jordan has been in this situation before," captain Lleyton Hewitt said.
"It's going to be two tough matches tomorrow but we'll be up for the challenge."
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by John O'Brien)
Leading private investment bank for the lower middle market appoints additional Senior Vice President following another year of strong business growth across multiple verticals.
San Francisco, CA, USA., February 15, 2017 — US Capital Partners Inc. announced today that Richard Byrd has joined the firm as Senior Vice President. Headquartered in San Francisco, US Capital Partners is a private investment bank that makes direct debt investments, participates in debt facilities, and has wide distribution for debt and equity private placements for small and medium-sized businesses.
With over 25 years of investment banking experience, Mr. Byrd has assisted in capital raises totaling over $600 million. A financial services industry veteran, they initiated and developed retail securities sales departments for the former Merchants National Bank in Indianapolis, Indiana; for Ameritrust in Cleveland, Ohio; and for Provident Securities/Bank in Cincinnati, Ohio.
“I am extremely pleased to welcome Richard to the firm,” said Jeffrey Sweeney, Chairman and CEO at US Capital Partners. “Richard brings over twenty-five years of financial services experience to US Capital Partners, and joins the firm's Investment Banking group following another year of increased demand for our innovative, customized products and services. Richard's responsibilities at US Capital Partners will include business development for the firm's debt and equity raises, advisory services, and client relationship management.”
Mr. Byrd began their career with Chicago-based municipal bond firm Clayton Brown and Associates. They went on to develop and lead the Debt & Equity Departments at Glaser Capital Corporation, where they executed mergers and acquisitions, non-traditional loans, private placements, and equity deals totaling $61 million. Mr. Byrd assisted in the development and placement of the first negotiated certificate of deposit (CD) program in the country through Irwin Union Capital.
About US Capital Partners Inc.
Since 1998, US Capital Partners (www.uscapitalpartners.net) has been providing well-structured, custom finance solutions to private and public companies with up to $250 million in top-line sales revenue or project size. Headquartered in San Francisco, US Capital Partners is a private investment bank that makes direct debt and equity investments between $500,000 and $100 million, participates in debt facilities, and has very wide distribution for debt and equity private placements. The firm also offers financial advisory services for buy-side and sell-side engagements and for capital formation, including early-stage financings requiring equity or debt.
To learn more about how a business can secure the funding it needs, email Jeffrey Sweeney, Chairman and CEO, at jsweeney@uscapitalpartners.net or call (415) 889-1010.
Contact:
Fana Richardson
US Capital Partners, Inc
555 Montgomery Street, Suite 1501
San Francisco, CA 94111
415-889-1010
media@uscapitalpartners.net
http://www.uscapitalpartners.net
Putin says Russia's economic crisis is over, inflation falling
MOSCOW, June 15 President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's economic crisis was over and that inflation, already at a historic low, would fall further to 4 percent this year.
UAE central bank raises repo rate by 25 bps
DUBAI, June 14 The central bank of the United Arab Emirates said on Wednesday it was raising its key interest rate by 25 basis points, following the U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to hike rates by the same margin.
Thieves have targeted the home of a Limavady grandmother while they were undergoing brain surgery in Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital.
A major social media campaign is underway to try and retrieve several jewellery items of sentimental value which were taken from Christine McCartney's home at Shanreagh Park during the burglary.
Some of the items which were stolen during a burglary at Christine McCartney's home in Limavady.
The 78-years-old local woman is now recovering from surgery following an aneurism and is hoping that somebody, somewhere may be able to help reunite them with the stolen items.
Some of the rings had been gifts from Mrs. McCartney's daughter, who passed away last April.
Other items taken included a cross and chain given to them by their late husband on their engagement day and one piece of jewellery had belonged to their mother.
Christine's son Gordon said those who targeted their mother's home must have known they aren't there.
Some of the items which were stolen during a burglary at Christine McCartney's home in Limavady.
They added: “You would wonder why they went in on that particular day. It's terrible to think anybody would do this and the thought of people in around their home is horrible for my mother. She's facing a three to six month recovery period now after their operation but they would be absolutely over the moon to get this jewellery back. It has so much sentimental value.”
Mr. McCartney said their mother had “great friends and neighbours” and thanked everyone who had helped in the appeal to get the items back.
“As a family, we've been overwhelmed by the response to the appeal by so many different people and I would appeal to anyone who has any information at all to come forward and let the police know,” they added.
A PSNI spokesperson said they were investigating reports of a burglary in the area on January 31.
Detective Sergeant McColgan said: “Sometime over the past week, entry was forced into the property and rooms were ransacked. It is understood various items of sentimental jewellery were stolen.
“Anyone who noticed any unusual activity in the area or anyone who has any information is asked to contact detectives at Limavady on 101 quoting reference 292 31/01/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers 0800 555 111 which is 100 per cent anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 ALM. BRAND A/S
* ALM. BRAND - NEW CFO APPOINTED
* APPOINTED RASMUS WERNER NIELSEN AS ITS NEW CFO.
* NIELSEN HAS SERVED AS CFO OF NORDEA BANK DENMARK AND HEAD OF GROUP BUSINESS CONTROL & REPORTING OF NORDEA GROUP.
* RASMUS WERNER NIELSEN WILL TAKE UP POSITION ON 1 JULY 2017 SOURCE TEXT FOR EIKON: FURTHER COMPANY COVERAGE: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Medios AG:
* Medios invests in significant expansion of production capacities for personalised medicines
* Has today acquired a property for significantly expanding production capacities of its subsidiary Medios Manufaktur GmbH and merging activities of Medios Group on one site
* Including expansion of production capacities and construction of another building, total investment on this property will come to around 11 million euros ($11.82 million)
* Planning has already begun on expanding production capacities and construction work is due to be completed by late 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9306 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 12 Akzo Nobel NV:
* Has received a request to hold an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) to dismiss Antony Burgmans as Chairman of Supervisory Board
* Request was received from a number of shareholders led by Elliott Advisors.
* In accordance with Dutch company law, board will consider proposal to hold an EGM and respond within statutory 14 days.
* Supervisory board strongly supports Mr. Burgmans in their role as chairperson. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
May 3 Travelers Companies Inc
* Travelers Companies - will redeem remaining $106.9 million aggregate principal amount of 6.25% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures due 2067 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Estee Lauder Companies Inc
* The estée lauder companies reports strong sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2017 third quarter
* Q3 sales $2.86 billion versus i/b/e/s view $2.81 billion
* Sees fy 2017 earnings per share $3.32 to $3.37 excluding items
* Sees fy 2017 earnings per share $3.02 to $3.09
* Q3 adjusted earnings per share $0.91
* Sees fy 2017 sales up 4 to 5 percent
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.73 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Estee lauder companies inc- fy 2017 foreign currency translation is expected to negatively impact sales by approximately 2% versus prior-year period
* Estee lauder companies inc- full year fiscal 2017 net sales are forecasted to grow between 6% and 7% in constant currency
* Estee lauder companies inc - "plan to increase targeted investment spending to further our momentum into fiscal 2018"
* Estee lauder- expects to take charges associated with previously approved restructuring and other activities in fy 2017 of about $160 million-$170 million
* Estee lauder companies inc- negative currency impact on sales growth equates to about $.13 of earnings per share for full year fiscal 2017
* Estee lauder companies inc- global prestige beauty estimated to grow approximately 4% to 5% for fiscal 2017 full year
* Estee lauder companies inc - qtrly reported eps $0.80
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.32 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Kirkby man hurled a brick through their friend's window after they rowed over some tools, a court heard.
Russell Stevenson, 35, of Walesby Drive, admitted criminal damage, when they appeared at Mansfield Magistrates Court, on Monday.
The court heard Stevenson had been assaulted when the tools were returned to him, at an address on Chatsworth Street, in Sutton, on September 30.
“He felt quite disappointed and hurt emotionally,” said Morgan Hogarth, mitgating. “He went outside in a rage, picked up a brick and threw it through the window.”
The court heard Stevenson received a fine at Nottingham Magistrates Court, for criminal damage, in November 2016.
They were fined £80, and ordered to pay £100 compensation, as well as a victim surcharge of £30.
BERLIN, April 6 It is legitimate to start discussing when and how the European Central Bank will wind down its aggressive stimulus policy as the economy recovers, the head of Germany's Bundesbank said on Thursday.
By opening the door to a discussion on the end of years of easy money, Jens Weidmann struck a different tone to ECB President Mario Draghi, who said earlier on Thursday Frankfurt planned to stick to its policy plan.
"Given the prospect of a protracted, robust economic recovery in the euro area and an increase in price pressure, the discussion is also legitimate on when the Governing Council should consider monetary policy normalisation and how it could adjust its communication accordingly," Weidmann said.
They added: "I could have imagined a less expansive monetary policy, especially as many economic indicators develop positively." (Reporting By Paul Carrel; Writing by Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt)
AMSTERDAM Message from the front line of a takeover battle: even the smartest investors can make sloppy mistakes with a sensitive email.
In a communication seen by Reuters, Gordon Singer of hedge fund Elliot Advisors accidentally included a representative of AkzoNobel (AKZO.AS) in an otherwise internal distribution list on Tuesday.
Not just any email, but one in which Elliott's team discussed tactics after privately informing Akzo it and other investors would seek to convene a meeting of Akzo shareholders to discuss the dismissal of Chairman Antony Burgmans due to their opposition to takeover talks with PPG Industries (PPG.N)..
Akzo has said PPG's 24.6 billion euros ($26 billion) offer is not worth discussing further - a stance which has angered some shareholders who see scope for further talks between the two sides.
The Singer email speculated on whether Akzo would make public the letter calling for Burgman's dismissal and said shareholders would withdraw their call for a meeting if Burgmans did agree to talks with PPG. In a footnote, Singer instructed an Elliott employee to inform PPG that it had sent the letter to Akzo about the possible meeting.
Akzo Nobel's director of investor relations Lloyd Midwinter was mistakenly included as one of the addressees.
In its response to the letter, Akzo said it fully backed the chairperson. Perhaps having noticed the footnote to the email, Akzo also filed a complaint with the Dutch financial markets authority AFM, alleging PPG and Elliott may have engaged in improper sharing of sensitive information. It demanded to know what if any agreements exist between PPG and Elliott.
Though it was not immediately clear what rules the U.S. company and the British fund might have violated, both felt obliged to respond. Elliott confirmed that it and other investors had been in contact with PPG.
Elliott is "aware of its various regulatory obligations, including obligations related to handling price sensitive, or potentially price sensitive, information," it said in a statement.
PPG "has always maintained its strict and long-standing policy of not sharing any material, non-public information and has acted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those of the Netherlands, with respect to communications with any shareholders," it said.
"There has not been any, and there are currently no agreements or arrangements, in whatever form, between PPG and Elliott Advisors."
AFM confirmed it had received a complaint from Akzo but declined to comment on whether it would take any action.
(Editing by David Holmes)
* French presidential election results key event risk
* Strong Japan trade data props up stock markets
* Dollar hugs broad technical ranges
* Oil steadies after steep overnight fall
By Saikat Chatterjee
HONG KONG, April 20 Asian stocks erased early losses and edged higher on Thursday as steadying commodity prices, especially crude oil, prompted some bargain hunting by investors.
But markets cautiously stuck to well-worn trading ranges ahead of global risk events such as the first-round of French presidential elections at the weekend and continued tensions over North Korea.
Stock index futures in Europe were set to follow the broadly cautious undertone, with markets set to open flat to slightly lower.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.3 percent after declining 0.5 percent in early trades. Gains in Chinese and Japanese stocks pulled the broader market higher.
"Given the binary risk of the French presidential elections and geopolitical concerns over North Korea, investors are staying on the sidelines," said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory, Asia, HSBC Private Banking.
"We are looking at the opportunities in Asia, particularly. ..equities in China and India where corporate earnings are expected to be strong this year."
Centrist Emmanuel Macron clung on to their status as favourite to win France's presidential election in a four-way race that is too close to call, as the camp of far-right challenger Marine Le Pen ramped up its eurosceptic rhetoric in a row with Brussels.
Japanese stocks rose 0.2 percent, buoyed by data showing exports rose a stronger-than-expected 12.0 percent in March from a year earlier and a Reuters survey that showed confidence among Japanese manufacturers has risen to levels not seen since before the 2008 global financial crisis.
"Even though a technical rebound in the Tokyo market lifts stocks, the basic trend to avoid risks hasn't changed," said Hiroyuki Nakai, chief strategist at Tokai Tokyo Research Center. "There is still so much uncertainty from global events."
Caution remained the overarching theme as cash levels among investors remained above the 10-year average in a monthly poll conducted by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Weak results from index heavyweight IBM pulled the S&P 500 and Dow lower with falls in energy sector stocks also weighing on the broader market.
Bonds also came in for some profit-taking after a recent rally, with yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes firming to 2.21 percent from a five-month low of 2.165 percent hit on Tuesday.
A run of disappointing U.S. economic data and worries that the Trump administration will struggle to push through tax cuts have quelled expectations of faster inflation.
The dollar failed to capitalize on higher U.S. yields with the greenback hugging the 200-day moving average of around 108.85 against the Japanese yen as traders preferred to trade on market technicals rather than take fresh bets.
Oil languished near a two-week low after a surprising build in U.S. gasoline inventories and a rise in domestic crude output partially offseting cutbacks by other countries trying to reduce a global glut.
U.S. crude futures climbed 0.22 percent to $50.55 a barrel, after posting a near 4 percent drop overnight, the biggest one-day decline since March 8.
Gold was trading at $1279.20 per ounce, below Monday's peak of $1,295.42. (Additional reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Eric Meijer and Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Huaku Development Co Ltd :
* Says co will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Says co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.6 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/34wYkt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON Major medical groups kept up the pressure on U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday to maintain funding Obamacare subsidies that are paid directly to insurers, warning that not doing so would destabilize the individual insurance markets that millions of people used to buy health insurance.
America's Health Insurance Plans, the American Medical Association, Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and the American Academy of Family Physicians were among eight organizations that penned a letter to Trump. They urged them to "remove uncertainty about continued funding for cost sharing reductions," the billions of dollars that are paid to insurers to help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans.
On Tuesday, the Trump administration said it had not yet made a decision on whether it would continue funding the subsidies. "The administration is currently deciding its position on this matter," said Alleigh Marré, a national spokesperson for the Department of Health and Human Services.
"No decisions have been made about how the administration will proceed," they said.
House of Representatives Republicans sued the Obama administration for funding the subsidies, which they argue have to be appropriated by Congress. A federal judge in May 2016 ruled in favor of the Republicans, prompting an appeal by the Obama administration. The case is pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Without the subsidies, the letter on Wednesday said, more insurers could leave the Obamacare exchanges, premiums for 2018 and beyond would rise, and providers would have additional uncompensated care costs, because they would not receive payments that help cover the costs of low-income patients.
Insurers have to submit their rates for 2018 plans over the next several weeks and are grappling with whether they will receive the subsidies, which amount to about $7 billion a year.
(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
April 28 Hunan Dakang International Food & Agriculture Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 4.9 percent to 34.9 percent, or to be 10.5 million yuan to 13.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (10.0 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales in newly merged company is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6fk5Fq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28 Wolseley Plc:
* Wolseley announces us ceo succession
* Wolseley - Frank Roach has indicated their intention to retire as ceo of Ferguson Enterprises, Wolseley's US subsidiary, on 31 July 2017
* Kevin Murphy will succeed frank as ceo of Ferguson Enterprises on 1 August 2017
* Kevin will report to wolseley group chief executive John Martin and will join board as an executive director on 1 August 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
April 28 Soho Development SA:
* Its unit, Dobra Forma 2 Sp. z o.o. sp. k, gets an investment credit to cover costs of its construction investment
* Gets financing from Getin Noble Bank SA up to 49.5 million zlotys ($12.79 million), which is due by March 20, 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8703 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 13 Reworld Media SA:
* Announces its project of merger-absorption of Sporever SA
* Transaction was subject of a merger agreement signed on April 13, 2017
* Boards of directors of Sporever and Reworld Media met on April 11, 2017 and approved terms of merger-absorbtion
* Merger ratio to be set at 0.5 Reworld Media shares for 1 Sporever share (price of 3 euros ($3.2) per share for Reworld Media and € 1.5 per share for Sporever)
* The merger would have a retroactive effect on the accounting and fiscal plan as of January 1, 2017
* Share capital of Reworld Media would thus be composed of 34,612,958 shares in total at the end of the operation Source text: bit.ly/2ow2XvW Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9418 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
- Above is the latest WWE Top 10 featuring Rey Mysterio's greatest moments in WWE. The collection includes: Mysterio appearing at this year's Royal Rumble, winning the Cruiserweight Champion, and Mysterio jumping off the top of a steel cage.
- According to PWInsider, Matt Hardy now officially owns the trademarks for Broken Matt, Brother Nero, Broken Brilliance, and Vanguard1. In January, Hardy reached a deal with Anthem Sports to own the intellectual property to their broken universe.
See Also Rey Mysterio Teases Future WWE Dream Match
- For a few weeks now Bayley has been trying to get on the same page as their Mixed Match Challenge partner, Elias. She's tried wearing their shirts and playing the guitar, but Elias hasn't shown much interest. In the video below, Bayley tried once again, but they shooed them away and said they couldn't be bothered. Bayley then stood up to Elias and let them know she's a former women's champion and they need them in the Mixed Match Challenge. Bayley continued that she'll win the match against Lana and Rusev with or without him.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gencor Industries Inc:
* GENCOR RELEASES FIRST QUARTER FISCAL 2018 RESULTS
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.16
* Q1 REVENUE ROSE 46 PERCENT TO $23.1 MILLION
* COMPANY‘S BACKLOG WAS $50.2 MILLION AT DECEMBER 31, 2017 COMPARED TO $40.8 MILLION AT DECEMBER 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AMMAN The Syrian army advanced into the town of Taybet al Imam in Hama province on Thursday, expanding its territory along the strategic western highway between Damascus and Aleppo, the army and rebels said.
The government forces were backed by heavy Russian aerial strikes across a large swathe of territory to the west of the M5 highway held by rebels in their six-year civil war, they said.
The rebels said the army was also joined by Iranian-backed militias in the push into Taybet al Imam, which was seized by rebels last year from forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad.
Dozens of aerial strikes also hit the nearby towns of Halfaya and Latamneh, which rebels had seized only last month. Their alliance of jihadists alongside moderate Free Syrian Army (FSA) groups have been trying to defend them in recent days.
Sources gave slightly different versions of the current state of the conflict in Taybet al Imam, which lies 18 km (11 miles) north of Hama city.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the army had now taken the town, after a ground assault this morning that caused losses on both sides after days of heavy bombing.
A rebel source confirmed the army had taken over the western outskirts of Taybet al Imam and said rebels were retreating from parts of the town to cut losses from the heavy aerial bombing.
State media, quoting army sources, said the army was making significant progress in its campaign to take over the town but gave no details.
The media unit of Lebanon's Hezbollah Shi'ite militia said the town had fallen to loyalist forces. It said pro-government militias had pounded rebel outposts with artillery gunfire and rockets.
A rebel commander said Russian jets had escalated their bombing campaign in the area in the past few days, deploying a "scorched earth" strategy using incendiary and phosphorous bombs on civilian areas that had left scores of injured and dead.
"Russian jets are bombing us every second and leaving whole towns in Hama countryside in ruins and totally destroyed. Only after this are regime troops able to make any advance," said Abu Saleh from the Jaish al Izza rebel group.
Thousands of families had fled the fighting in the last few days, they added.
The army's capture earlier this week of Soran, a town just east of the highway, meant government forces had now regained most of the territory that rebels had seized in their major offensive last month in Hama province. [L8N1HO0KV]
Soran is the army's northern gateway to the city of Hama, the provincial capital, and opposition control of it threatened the city.
The army has its eyes now set on the town of Morek, the next town after Soran going north on the highway crucial to control of western Syria.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
LONDON (Reuters) - A Scottish judge will decide early next week whether to refer to the European Court of Justice a case questioning if Britain alone can change its mind about leaving the European Union, a spokesperson for Scotland's Court of Session said on Friday.
The case, brought by a group of pro-EU lawmakers, is aimed at giving Britain the option of staying in the world's biggest trading bloc once it is known what Brexit actually means for the economy and politics.
The decision by Judge J. Raymond Doherty at Scotland's supreme civil court will be announced on Monday or Tuesday, the spokesperson said.
Their verdict could be appealed before a panel of judges at the court's inner house before a possible referral to the ECJ, which is the body which rules on the meaning of EU law.
The group of opposition lawmakers argue that once Britain knows what Brexit means, parliament may well decide to overturn the decision and so needs to know in advance if that is legally possible.
The British government argues that the question of whether it alone can stop Brexit is irrelevant, since it does not intend to change its mind about leaving the European Union.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally notified the EU of Britain's intention to leave by triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on March 29 last year, starting a two-year exit process.
They have said they will not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block it. But British lawmakers defied the government in December by voting against May's wishes and securing parliament a much more substantial say on whether to accept the final Brexit deal.
The lawmakers behind the challenge represent electoral areas in Scotland which voted strongly to remain in the EU in the June 2016 referendum while the United Kingdom as a whole voted to leave.
REFILE- CORRECTING DATE U.S. soldiers get ready for the welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish and U.S. soldiers attend welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
REFILE- CORRECTING DATE Polish army soldiers wait for the U.S.-led NATO deployment welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
REFILE- CORRECTING DATE A U.S. soldier walks to the welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
REFILE- CORRECTING DATE U.S. and British soldiers wait for the welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish and U.S. soldiers take a rest after the welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz (L) speaks to Commander of U.S. Forces in Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti during U.S.-led NATO troops welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz (R) and President Andrzej Duda pose for a picture with soldiers after the welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish President Andrzej Duda (L) shakes hands with Commander of U.S. Forces in Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti during U.S.-led NATO troops welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Commander of U.S. Forces in Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti (R) speaks during U.S.-led NATO troops welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish and U.S. soldiers attend welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
Polish and U.S. soldiers attend welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
U.S. soldiers attend welcoming ceremony for U.S.-led NATO troops at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
REFILE- CORRECTING DATE U.S. soldiers arrive to the welcoming ceremony at polygon near Orzysz, Poland, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel
ORZYSZ, Poland Poland on Thursday welcomed the first U.S. troops in a multi-national force which is being posted across the Baltic region to counter potential threats from Russia.
More than 1,100 soldiers -- 900 U.S. troops as well as 150 British and 120 Romanians -- are to be deployed in Orzysz, about 57 km (35 miles) south of Russia's Baltic Sea enclave of Kaliningrad, where Moscow has stationed nuclear-capable missiles and an S-400 air missile defence system.
Three other formations are due to become operational by June across the region.
"Deploying of these troops to Poland is a clear demonstration of NATO's unity and resolve and sends a clear message to any potential aggressor," NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe, General Curtis Scaparrotti, said at a welcoming ceremony for the first arrivals at Orzysz, 220 km (140 miles) northeast of the capital Warsaw.
Poland, alarmed by Russia's assertiveness on NATO's eastern flank, has lobbied hard for the stationing of NATO troops on its soil, especially since Moscow's annexation of Crimea in 2014.
Polish President Andrzej Duda called the deployment a historic moment "awaited for by generations".
The troops' move in Orzysz takes place as U.S. President Donald Trump appears to have changed their previously critical views of NATO and soured their attitude towards Moscow.
While running for president, Trump dismissed the alliance as obsolete and said they hoped to build warmer ties with Russia.
But on Wednesday, they lavished praise on NATO and said the relationship with Russia may be at an all-time low.
"I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete," Trump said as they stood at a news conference alongside NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in the White House.
OFFICERS RESIGN
Poland's ruling conservatives, the Law and Justice party (PiS) allied with Duda, have signalled plans to raise funds to modernise and increase the size of its military, even though Warsaw is already among NATO's top spenders.
But the Polish armed forces have other problems.
Nearly 30 top of its top generals and more than 200 colonels -- a quarter and a sixth of the army's total -- have resigned over the last year, citing in part disagreements with Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz over personnel and other decisions.
The military has also seen potential procurement delays after Macierewicz cancelled a multi-billion-dollar deal with Airbus Helicopters (AIR.PA) last year.
General Miroslaw Rozanski, a former senior commander, said in February they could not accept certain defence ministry decisions.
"We were implementing NATO decisions. Minister Macierewicz would agree with my proposals and then different decisions would be taken," they said then.
The Defence Ministry says the officers' departures amount to only a fraction more than in previous years. It has said, however, the army should be purged of commanders who began their service before the collapse of communist rule in 1989.
In response to Reuters' request for a comment, a NATO official said it was up to the allies to decide how they structure their armed forces.
"What is important to NATO is that the armed forces of allies meet their capability targets, that they can operate with each other and that they have the right equipment to meet today's security challenges," the official said.
Polish sources said NATO, focusing on its troubled relations with the new U.S. president and Moscow, has adopted a "wait-and-see" attitude towards Warsaw.
"We are indeed the troublemakers," a Polish government source told Reuters. "But because we fulfil all the obligations...because in the end we deliver, we are not the biggest problem right now. So, NATO has indeed adopted a 'wait-and-see' attitude towards us."
But Daniel Keohane, a senior researcher at the Center for Security Studies at the ETH university in Zurich, said Poland's relations within the alliance could suffer.
"While this should not in principle weaken Poland's position within NATO, if these generals are resigning for political reasons, and a perception of an ongoing politicization of the Polish army emerges, this could cause worry in other NATO capitals," they said.
(Additional reporting by Marcin Goettig and Pawel Sobczak in Warsaw; Writing by Lidia Kelly; Editing by Justyna Pawlak and Angus MacSwan)
April 6 Nexen Energy, a subsidiary of CNOOC Ltd :
* Cuts production at Long Lake oil sands facility because of synthetic crude shortages - two market sources.
* Nexen spokesperson says company "does not publish production or maintenance operations information on an individual asset basis". Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Nia Williams and Catherine Ngai)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
A poster of Guillermo Lasso, presidential candidate from the CREO party, is seen during a campaign rally in Quito, Ecuador, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
Presidential candidate Guillermo Lasso, from the CREO party holding an Ecuadorean flag arrives to campaign rally in Quito, Ecuador, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
CREO party presidential candidate Guillermo Lasso gives a speech to supporters during a closing campaign rally in Guayaquil, Ecuador, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Henry Romero
Lenin Moreno, presidential candidate of the ruling PAIS Alliance Party, arrives to give a speech to the media in Quito, Ecuador March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Henr y Romero
Lenin Moreno, presidential candidate of the ruling PAIS Alliance Party gives a speech at the closing campaign rally in Quito, Ecuador, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Mariana Bazo
QUITO An ally of leftist President Rafael Correa and a right-wing former bank boss are battling to become Ecuador's next president in Sunday's election after a tense and tight campaign in the historically volatile Andean nation.
With a sputtering economy the top voter concern, Ecuadoreans will choose between continuing a decade of leftist rule or following several South American nations in shifting towards a more pro-business government as a commodities boom ends.
Lenin Moreno, 64, a paraplegic former vice-president, just missed the minimum threshold to win the presidency in the first round in February, and latest polls show them narrowly beating conservative rival Guillermo Lasso this time around.
Moreno, who uses a wheelchair since being shot during a robbery in 1998, has promised to boost social benefits to single mothers, pensioners and disabled Ecuadoreans.
They paint their opponent as an elitist who would slash welfare policies and links them to a 1999 financial crisis when hundreds of thousands of Ecuadoreans lost their savings.
"We're choosing between a country run for a few, full of privatizations, or a country for everyone," Moreno told a cheering crowd in low-income southern Quito on Thursday night.
"Say no the banker!" they also said of Lasso, whom foes accuse of using shady offshore holdings to dodge taxes. "(He) wants to submit Ecuadoreans to instability and permanent conflict."
Lasso, a 61-year-old former head of Banco de Guayaquil who has campaigned on boosting jobs, retorts Moreno is recklessly over-promising considering Ecuador's highly indebted economy.
They also accuse the ruling Country Alliance party of covering up corruption scandals, stifling media, and stacking institutions with their supporters in the vein of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, a Correa ally.
"Change means that we don't suffer what Venezuela is living, a one-party dictatorship!" Lasso told flag-waving supporters on Thursday after Venezuela's decision to shut down the opposition-led National Assembly sent shockwaves through Latin America. [L2N1H70VW]
In addition to vowing a tough line against Maduro, Lasso has also promised to remove Wikileaks founder Julian Assange from the Ecuadorean embassy in London.
Polls show Moreno has pulled ahead of Lasso in the last weeks. They had 52.4 percent of valid votes versus Lasso's 47.6 percent in a 18-21 March survey by leading pollster Cedatos with a margin of error of 3.4 percentage points and some 16 percent of voters still undecided.
For a factbox on the candidates, please see:
ECUADOR ON EDGE
With both are camps urging supporters to take to the streets to guard against possible fraud, the nation of 16 million is bracing for protests after a decade of relative stability.
Three of eight presidents were toppled in the decade before Correa came to power in 2007. While Correa brought calm to the smallest member of OPEC, opponents accuse them of morphing into an autocrat.
Hundreds of suspicious Lasso supporters massed in front of the electoral council after results were slow to trickle out in February's first round.
And Lasso accused government-paid "foreign mercenaries," whom they insinuated were Venezuelan, of trying to attack them with rocks, sticks, and knives after a soccer game on Tuesday. The government rejected the accusation.
Should Lasso win, they could also face trouble governing, as the ruling leftist party has a majority in Congress.
"Opposition to their policies will be relatively high right off the bat," Eurasia analyst Risa Grais-Targow in a note to clients.
"Lasso would try to move quickly towards more orthodox macroeconomic policies aimed at attracting foreign direct investment, including a reduction in corporate taxes, eliminating the tax on capital outflows, eliminating emergency tariffs, and engaging with the IMF and other multi-laterals."
While Moreno, a soft-spoken former U.N. envoy on disability, has a more moderate style than Correa, observers question how much autonomy they will have. Steep debts - Ecuador owes oil service company Schlumberger around $1.1 billion - and uncertainty over how they will finance their raft of promised benefits could also lead to early trouble.
Either way, both presidents will have to wrestle with strong voter demand for jobs.
"Even when we go out to look for work, we can't find any," said construction worker Marco Manotoa, 23, who has been unemployed for three months and plans to vote Lasso. "The country needs change."
The new president will take office on May 24 for a four-year term.
(Additional reporting by Yury Garcia in Guayaquil; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne, Alistair Bell and Michael Perry)
BRUSSELS, March 29 The European Parliament said in a draft position paper on Wednesday that Brexit can be revoked.
The draft, seen by Reuters, also said there should be transitional arrangements to smooth the divorce but no more than three years, and that the London-based EU agencies, the European Banking Authority and the European Medicines Agency, must move. (Reporting by Francesco Guarascio)
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ABU DHABI Consensus is growing among oil producers that their supply restraint agreement should be extended after its initial six month term, but there is as yet no agreement on the subject, Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said on Thursday.
"There is consensus building but it's not done yet," they told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in the United Arab Emirates. Asked about non-OPEC producer Russia, Falih replied: "We are talking to all countries. We have not reached an agreement for sure, but the consensus is building."
(Reporting by Rania El Gamal, Editing by William Maclean)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
FILE PHOTO - The North Korea flag flutters next to concertina wire at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
SEOUL North Korea detained a U.S. citizen on Saturday as they attempted to leave the country, bringing the total number of Americans held by the isolated country to three.
Korean-American Tony Kim had spent a month teaching an accounting course at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology (PUST), the university's chancellor, Chan-Mo Park, told Reuters on Sunday.
The arrest took place on Saturday morning local time, a statement by the university said, and was "related to an investigation into matters that are not connected in any way to PUST".
Kim, who also goes by their Korean name Kim Sang-duk and is in their fifties, was detained by North Korean officials at Pyongyang International Airport as they attempted to leave the country, Park said.
"The cause of their arrest is not known but some officials at PUST told me their arrest was not related to their work at PUST. They had been involved with some other activities outside PUST such as helping an orphanage," Park said.
"I sincerely hope and pray that they will be released soon".
An official at South Korea's National Intelligence Service said it was not aware of the reported arrest.
In Washington, the State Department said it was aware of reports that a U.S. citizen was detained in North Korea but had no further comment because of privacy considerations.
Kim is listed as an accounting professor on the website of PUST's sister institution in neighbouring China, the Yanbian University of Science and Technology (YUST). Calls to YUST were not answered.
PUST was founded by evangelical Christians and opened in 2010, with students generally the children of the country's elite.
Its volunteer faculty, many of whom are evangelical Christians, has a curriculum that includes subjects once considered taboo in North Korea, such as capitalism.
North Korea, which has been criticised for its human rights record, has in the past used detained Americans to extract high-profile visits from the United States, with which it has no formal diplomatic relations.
North Korea was already holding two Americans.
Otto Warmbier, a 22-year-old student, was detained in January last year and sentenced to 15 years of hard labour by a North Korean court for attempting to steal a propaganda banner.
In March 2016, Kim Dong Chul, a 62-year-old Korean-American missionary, was sentenced to 10 years hard labour for subversion. There have been no public appearances of either man since.
The reclusive state is also holding Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim. They were charged with subversion and given a hard labour life sentence in 2015.
Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae was arrested in 2012 and sentenced to 15 years hard labour for crimes against the state. They were released two years later.
(Additional reporting by Ju-min Park in Seoul, Yawen Chen in Beijing, Doina Chiacu in Washington; editing by Jason Neely/Grant McCool/Alexander Smith)
Russian Navy Commanding Officer Captain Alexsei Ulyanenko, of the guided missile cruiser Varyag, answers questions during a news briefing upon their arrival at Pier 15, South Harbor, Manila, April 20, 2017 for a goodwill visit to the Philippines. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
The Philippine Navy's band marches in front of the Russian Navy's guided missile cruiser Varyag, docked during a goodwill visit, at Pier 15, South Harbor, Metro Manila, Philippines April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Russian Navy crew members of the guided missile cruiser Varyag work on the deck, upon arrival at Pier 15, South Harbor, Metro Manila, April 20, 2017, for a goodwill visit to the Philippines. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Tugboats escort the Russian Navy guided missile cruiser Varyag, upon arrival for a goodwill visit, at Pier 15, South Harbor, Metro Manila, Philippines April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA Russian navy vessels arrived in the Philippines on Thursday for joint exercises as part of a drive for new security ties under President Rodrigo Duterte's revamped foreign policy of courting the traditional foes of Manila's top ally, Washington.
The guided-missile cruiser Varyag, accompanied by the fuel tanker ship, Pechenge, are on a four-day goodwill visit to the Philippines, the second port call by Russian warships in three months.
The move is part of what Duterte describes as a pursuit of a constitutionally mandated "independent foreign policy". They have made no secret of their grudge against the United States and has made befriending Russia and China the priority of their diversification drive.
Captain Lued Lincuna, director of the Philippine navy's public affairs, said the Philippines hoped to learn from the Russians during training activities and a demonstration of advanced equipment and weapons systems.
The schedule includes training and sports activities with the flagship vessel of the Russian Pacific fleet, plus a Russian concert in a park.
Russian commander Captain Alexsei Ulyanenko said the port call would make a "significant contribution" to strengthening relations and maintaining stability in the region.
Moscow wants to help Manila combat extremism and piracy, stepping up cooperation and training in areas where the Philippines has traditionally worked closely with its former colonial master the United States.
The relationship is expected to develop further next month when Duterte and Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin witness the signing of defence agreements in Moscow.
When Duterte met Putin for the first time last year, the Philippine leader spoke at length about what they called U.S. "hypocrisy".
Duterte has instructed their defence minister to look into how the Philippines could acquire modern military equipment from Russia, like drones, night-vision gear, sniper rifles, and even helicopters.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Martin Petty and Michaedl Perry)
LONDON, April 3 Apple has given Imagination Tech notice that it will stop using its graphics technology in the iPhone and other products in up to two years' time, dealing a major blow to the British company.
Imagination said Apple, its biggest customer, had not presented any evidence to substantiate its assertion that it will no longer require Imagination's technology, without violating Imagination's patents, intellectual property and confidential information.
It said on Monday that Apple's notification had triggered talks on alternative commercial arrangements for the current license and royalty agreement.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
May 3 Partners Real Estate Investment Trust
* Partners announces results for the first quarter of 2017
* Partners Real Estate Investment Trust - qtrly FFO per unit $ 0.08
* Partners Real Estate Investment Trust qtrly NOI of $8.2 million, a reduction of $0.2 million when compared with q1 of 2016
* Qtrly AFFO per unit $0.06
* Partners Real Estate Investment Trust qtrly same property NOI was $8.2 million, unchanged from Q1 of 2016
* Occupancy of 95.3% as at March 31, 2017, versus 95.1% as at December 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A supporter of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, distributes political leaflets at a local market in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
A general views show Henin-Beaumont with twin slag heaps of a former coal mine site in the background, northern France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Rene Gaubert, CGT trade unionist and former employee of the municipality, poses during an interview as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Marine Tondelier, Green party member and local councilor, poses in their garden with their book 'Nouvelles du Front' during an interview as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Alain Alpern, a former Green and Socialist party local councillor, poses in a street during an interview as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Rignaux, a member of the National Front party, pastes a poster on a free billboard for French far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Steeve Briois, Mayor of Henin-Beaumont and one of the vice-presidents of French far right National Front political party, poses in their office at the city hall during an interview as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Supporters of French far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen distribute political leaflets as part of the 2017 French presidential election at a local market in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Steeve Briois, Mayor of Henin-Beaumont and one of the vice-presidents of French far right National Front political party, speaks with FN supporters of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, who distribute political leaflets at a local market in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Emmanuel Rignaux, a member of the National Front party, poses as they paste posters for French far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign, in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
FILE PHOTO: Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Arcis-sur-Aube, near Troyes, France April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
A poster of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, is seen on a wall at their local headquarters in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
A horseshoe with a photograph of Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, is seen on a wall at their local headquarters in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Political leaflets for Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, are seen at their local headquarters in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
A member of the National Front party pastes a poster on a free billboard for French far right National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen as part of the 2017 French presidential election campaign in Henin-Beaumont, France, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
HENIN-BEAUMONT, France In Henin-Beaumont, where French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's National Front won power three years ago, their backers are sure they will win a thumping victory later this month - locally, at least.
This former coalmining community in northern France, a town where unemployment approaches 20 percent, is one of only about a dozen municipalities - out of 36,000 nationwide - that are controlled by their far-right party and its affiliates.
The anti-immigrant, anti-European Union Le Pen, who grew up near Paris, has since made a home here and will cast their own ballot in the first voting round at its town hall on April 23.
"I believe Marine Le Pen will easily score 60 to 65 percent here," Jean-Robert Havet, a technician for carmaker Renault, said of the first round.
Opinion polls say they are tied for first place nationally in that round with centrist Emmanuel Macron, both around 24 per cent. But Macron is widely seen winning the runoff on May 7.
Residents of Henin-Beaumont told Reuters they were mostly satisfied with the way the party runs the town under Mayor Steeve Briois, 44, and forecast a strong turnout to back their boss at the first round of voting.
The FN's 2014 municipal election victory in this community of 27,000 brought an end to seven decades of left-wing rule.
Its rise to power epitomises the way voters have dumped the left for its failure to address joblessness, and backed the far-right's anti-immigrant and anti-globalisation stand.
On top of that, voters were fed up with the former Socialist mayor after they were convicted of misusing public funds.
Unusually, Briois did not even need to campaign until the normal runoff vote since they won an absolute majority - precisely 50.25 percent - in the first round.
"Steeve renovates schools, roads, buildings ... You couldn't see any of this before. It was a corrupted, dead town here," said Havet, 59.
Although Le Pen's programme resonates strongly in Henin-Beaumont and towns like it, they do less well nationally because many voters see their position on immigration as extreme.
Them anti-globalisation line also faces competition from the unexpectedly strong Jean-Luc Melenchon, a veteran far-left candidate who is just as spirited a debater as they are.
In this town, though, there was little hesitation and even less uncertainty. "She is close to the people. They have compassion for blue collar workers unlike those 'champagne socialists' you see on television," Havet said.
Many others at the town's busy weekly market echoed that. "I will vote 'FN' in the next election. We have a good mayor," said Celine Brulin, 46, who is unemployed.
Even critics of the Front like Alain Alpern, 70, who once sat on the town council himself, predict a high Le Pen score.
"She will easily get to 50 percent and I even fear they will secure much higher figures. Le Pen has an address here so local residents are proud," they said. "The mayor is everywhere and the National Front has a very good communication strategy."
Not all residents were pleased with the local administration and Le Pen's ideas.
"If Marine Le Pen won, I wonder if I should leave France for good despite the fact I grew up here and I'm French," said Fatima Amara, a social worker of Algerian descent. "I won't be arrested for what I'm telling you, will I?"
(Additional reporting by Noemie Olive; Editing by Andrew Callus and Tom Heneghan)
Li Ching-yu (R), wife of Taiwanese human right activist Li Ming-che, detained in China, holds photos of their husband at a news conference in Taipei, Taiwan March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
Li Ching-yu (C), holds photos of their husband, Taiwanese human rights activist Li Ming-che, detained in China, during a news conference in Taipei, Taiwan March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
TAIPEI/BEIJING China must specify the charges against a detained Taiwan human rights activist or release him, their wife, ruling party lawmakers and rights groups in Taiwan said on Wednesday, the latest dispute between China and an island it considers its own.
China confirmed that Li Ming-che, previously identified by the family name of "Lee", was in custody and being investigated on suspicion of harming national security, its first response since Li disappeared in China on March 19.
Activists in Taiwan linked Li's detention to a new law targeting foreign non-governmental organisations in China, which grants broad powers to police to question NGO workers, monitor their finances and regulate their work.
China's behaviour was "completely detrimental to the future of exchanges between the two sides", said Chiu E-ling, an official with the Taiwan Association for Human Rights, adding that the detention would have a "chilling effect" on ties.
China must disclose Li's whereabouts, release them if it cannot explain the charges, allow their family and lawyer to visit and ensure they are not abused, they said during a joint news briefing with Li's wife, Li Ching-yu, other rights watchdogs and lawmakers from the ruling, independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party (DPP).
The case further strains ties between Taipei and Beijing, which have cooled since President Tsai Ing-wen took power in Taiwan last year because they refuse to concede that the self-ruled island is part of China.
Beijing has never renounced the use of force to take what it regards as a breakaway province, while proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being run by Communist Party rulers in Beijing.
The DPP at the weekend slammed Beijing for causing "anxiety and panic" for the family by withholding information about Li.
Ma Xiaoguang, spokesperson for China's Taiwan Affairs Office, told reporters Li's case was being handling in accordance with the law.
"According to what is understood, Taiwan resident Li Ming-che is suspected of engaging in activities endangering national security and is being investigated by the relevant authority," Ma said. "At present their health is good."
Ma said Taiwanese people coming to China for "normal" activities did not have anything to worry about and their rights would be protected.
Li, a community college worker known for supporting human rights in China, disappeared after entering China's Zhuhai city via the Chinese territory of Macau.
Li travelled to China about once a year to see friends and regularly discussed Taiwan's democratic process, Li Ching-yu said, adding that their husband regularly mailed books to China.
But in August last year, one package was confiscated and their chat account in China was shut down, they said.
"This (Li's) kind of behaviour - based on standards of civilized countries - is innocent," Li Ching-yu said.
(Editing by Nick Macfie)
TORONTO/OTTAWA May 2 The funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital may spark a welcome cooling in Canada's housing market and take pressure off policymakers confounded by the hot market - as long as the crisis does not turn into contagion, analysts said on Tuesday.
The troubles at Home Capital Group Inc are about liquidity rather than mortgage quality - it is not a U.S.-style subprime mortgage crisis - but the shift in sentiment just a week after Ontario unveiled more measures to cool housing has investors in the mood to sell.
The Canadian dollar has weakened to a 14-month low, and expectations of a possible rate hike by the Bank of Canada have disappeared as the housing worries add to fears of a trade war with the United States and low oil prices.
A housing slowdown is just what many have been hoping for, with concern about a real estate bubble at a fever pitch.
"A little cooling is not a bad thing," said Craig Wright, chief economist at Royal Bank of Canada. "It's a confidence game to some degree, and if people are nervous they tend to get out until they get a clear line of sight."
Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz warned last month that prices have become divorced from fundamentals and speculation is likely playing a role in the Toronto housing market.
A housing slowdown would take some pressure off policymakers who want to wait to see how a new foreign buyers' tax and rent controls announced by Ontario in April will affect supply and demand, but the relief could come at a cost.
Home Capital, Canada's biggest alternative mortgage lender, has seen nearly three-fourths of its high interest savings deposits being pulled out. Its shares have shed 72 percent of their value since March 27. Potential suitors are studying bids for the company, sources told Reuters on Tuesday.
While the Home Capital crisis could take some air out of the Canadian housing market - something policymakers have been trying to accomplish in repeated attempts - the risk is it turns into a contagion, the spark that many have been waiting for to burn the sector down.
Concern about the housing market has now become an "equally important" driver for foreign exchange players who typically look at oil prices and trade flows, said Mark Chandler, head of Canadian fixed income and currency strategy at RBC Capital Markets.
"The view that housing itself now is poised to slow, I think, is taking hold more forcefully and that's causing the currency to weaken," Chandler said.
A rate hike by the central bank also appears off the table, which could deter investment in Canadian dollar assets as U.S. policymakers raise interest rates. The market now sees more risk of a rate cut this year after having discounted a one-in-four chance of hike as recently as Friday.
"I think it resonates with that sector of the market, hedge funds and the sort of leveraged players who have been looking at Canada for quite some time as being vulnerable," said Shaun Osborne, chief currency strategist at Scotiabank.
Already, realtors and mortgage brokers are expecting more sellers to list houses before the market starts to fall, and buyers may take to the sidelines in anticipation of lower prices, waiting for a selloff to take hold.
Toronto mortgage broker Calum Ross, who does not do subprime lending himself, has advised clients who are real estate investors to sell their Toronto real estate holdings because the combination of price gains and rent control make it a poor investment.
"I sincerely hope the market is going to cool, because anyone who doesn't think that double digit rate of appreciaation in real estate is problematic clearly doesn't understand real estate economics,"Ross said. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
ST PETERSBURG, April 3 Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Monday the government was considering all possible causes for the blasts in St Petersburg's metro system, including terrorism.
"I have already spoken to the head of our special services, they are working to ascertain the cause (of the blasts)," Putin, at a meeting with Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko, said.
"The causes are not clear, it's too early. We will look at all possible causes, terrorism as well as common crime," they added.
(Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; writing by Sujata Rao)
FILE PHOTO: Lithuanian Minister of Defence Raimundas Karoblis attends a ceremony to welcome the German battalion being deployed to Lithuania in Rukla, Lithuania February 7, 2017. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: NATO and U.S. flags flutter as U.S. Air Force F-22 Raptor fighter flies over the military air base in Siauliai, Lithuania, April 27, 2016. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Paratroopers of the 173rd Airborne Brigade of the U.S. Army in Europe take part in military exercise 'Black Arrow' in Rukla May 14, 2014. REUTERS/Ints Kalnins/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A military vessel is seen during the joint war games Zapad-2013 (West-2013), attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin and President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko, at the Khmelevka range on Russia's Baltic Sea in the Kaliningrad Region, September 26, 2013. REUTERS/Alexei Druzhinin/RIA Novosti/Kremlin/File Photo
VILNIUS Russia has developed the capability to launch an attack on the Baltic states with as little as 24 hours' notice, limiting NATO's options to respond other than to have military forces already deployed in the region, Lithuania's intelligence service said on Monday.
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, annexed by the Soviet Union in the 1940s but now part of both NATO and the European Union, have been increasingly nervous since the Russian takeover of Crimea in 2014.
The Lithuanian intelligence service said in its annual threat assessment that Russia had upgraded its military in the Kaliningrad region last year, reducing lead times for any attack and potentially preventing NATO reinforcements.
The Russian upgrade included Su-30 fighter aircraft and missile systems allowing ships to be targeted almost anywhere in the Baltic Sea.
"This is a signal to NATO to improve its decision speed," Lithuanian Defence Minister Raimundas Karoblis told reporters on the sidelines of the presentation of the report. "NATO's reaction time is not as fast as we would like it to be."
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed the concerns as a display of anti-Russian sentiment.
"There is total Russophobia, hysterical Russophobia going on," they said at a daily conference call with reporters.
"Moscow has always supported good relations with the Baltic states," they said.
This year NATO is deploying a force of about 1,000 soldiers in each of the Baltic states and Poland, in addition to smaller contingents of U.S. troops already in the region.
"The force is adequate in the short-term, but in the medium-term perspective we would like more capability, and not only land troops but also air defences and capabilities to counter any blockade," Karoblis said.
Russia is monitoring and suppressing radio frequencies used by NATO pilots over the Baltic Sea and is using commercial and scientific ships for surveillance, the report said.
The intelligence service said there was also the risk of "deliberate or accidental incidents" involving Russian and Belarusian troops who are taking part in military exercises planned for March.
The Baltic states have previously said they would press the United States and NATO to take additional security measures in the region ahead of the exercises.
Intelligence officers said disinformation aimed at discrediting NATO soldiers stationed in Lithuania, such as a recent false report of a rape by German soldiers, was likely to persist.
"Provocations against NATO units in Lithuania will continue and will get bigger," Remigijus Baltrenas, head of Lithuanian military counterintelligence, told reporters.
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova in Moscow; Editing by Niklas Pollard and Andrew Bolton)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
ZURICH, April 23 LafargeHolcim is close to announcing that its chief executive Eric Olsen is to step down following an internal investigation into activities at a former Lafarge cement plant in Syria, the Financial Times reported on Sunday, citing sources close to the company.
LafargeHolcim declined to comment on the FT report.
The cement maker in March said one of its cement plants probably paid protection money to armed groups in Syria to keep the factory running in the country.
The disclosure followed an internal investigation and highlighted the dilemmas companies face when working in conflict zones.
The sources said Olsen's departure terms were still under discussion on Sunday. (Reporting by Brenna Hughes Neghaiwi. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
RIYADH May 3 Saudi Arabia has a waiting list for 1.5 million housing units over the next five years and plans to deliver 1 million units over the same period, Housing Minister Majed al-Hogail said on Wednesday.
"If we could adopt the technology faster that means the productivity will increase," they told reporters on the sidelines of the Euromoney conference. (Reporting By Katie Paul; Writing by Tom Arnold)
March 29 Midland Holdings Ltd
* Wong Kin Yip, Freddie, currently chairperson of board, has been re-designated as executive director
* Wong Kin Yip, Freddie shall continue to serve as chairperson of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan wave Turkey's national flags and ''Yes'' campaign flags during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
ISTANBUL/ANKARA Turkey on Saturday expelled more than 3,900 people from the civil service and military as threats to national security, in the second major purge since President Tayyip Erdoğan was granted sweeping new powers.
Erdoğan won those concessions in a referendum in mid-April, which rights groups and some Western allies believe has brought the country, a NATO-member and European Union candidate, closer to one-man rule.
The expulsions - carried out in conjunction with media curbs - affected prison guards, clerks, academics, employees of the religious affairs directorate and 1,200 members of the armed forces including nearly 600 officers.
They were fired for suspected links to "terrorist organisations and structures presenting a threat to national security", according to a decree in the Official Gazette.
On Wednesday more than 9,000 police were suspended and another 1,000 detained for alleged links to the network of the U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara blames for a coup attempt last July in which they have denied all involvement.
In all, some 120,000 people have been suspended or sacked from their jobs and more than 40,000 arrested in the aftermath of the failed putsch, which killed 240 people, mostly civilians.
The mass detentions were initially supported by many Turks, who supported Erdoğan in blaming Gulen.
But criticism has mounted as the arrests widened, with relatives of many of those detained or sacked denying their involvement in the coup and calling them victims of a purge.
DATING SHOWS, WIKIPEDIA
Since the attempted putsch, Ankara has also faced widespread western criticism of its record on freedom of speech, and authorities on Saturday banned some television dating programmes, which Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said last month were at variance with Turkey's faith and culture.
"In radio and television broadcasting services, shows where people are introduced and/or brought together to find friends ... cannot be made," said the Gazette, the state publication in which official decrees are announced. Advertising for matchmaking services was also banned.
Hours earlier Turkey blocked online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, with the telecommunications watchdog citing a law allowing it to ban access to websites deemed obscene or a threat to national security.
A government official told Reuters the dating show ban would only apply to satellite channels that "do advertising for sexual products", and not to prime-time television.
Europe has long harboured concerns about Erdoğan's commitment to Western-style democracy, given their roots in political Islam, but they have remained defiant in the face of the criticism.
"Our concern is not what George, Hans or Helga say," they told flag-waving supporters in a speech this month. "Our concern is what Hatice, Ayse, Fatma, Ahmet, Mehmet, Huseyin, Hasan say, what God says."
Turkey last year jailed 81 journalists, more than any other country, according to the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists.
(Additional reporting by Can Sezer, Umit Bektas and Yesim Dikmen; Writing by David Dolan; Editing by Ros Russell and John Stonestreet)
(In forecast, corrects year in headline and first bullet to 2017, from 2016, and previous period in first paragraph to 2016, not 2015)
April 10 Guangdong VTR Bio-Tech Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 0 percent to 10 percent, or to be about 10.6 million yuan to 11.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (10.6 million yuan)
* Comments that market expansion is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XfzevN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Gold seen averaging $1,259/oz this year, says GFMS * Physical gold surplus hit highest since 2009 last year * Gold jewellery consumption falls to 7-year low By Jan Harvey LONDON, March 31 Gold prices will edge higher this year even in the face of a persistent surplus of physical metal, GFMS analysts at Thomson Reuters said on Friday, as jitters over the U.S. and European political backdrop drive investors to bullion. Buying of gold as a haven from risk, plus a recovery in Indian buying, are likely to push prices to an average $1,259 an ounce this year, the team said in its Gold Survey 2017, up from $1,248 an ounce last year. "As the year progresses ... safe haven flows become increasingly likely, assisted by either U.S. or European politics or a combination thereof," GFMS said. "An anti-EU election result in one of the European nations could raise uncertainty over the prognosis for the euro, while an unorthodox approach from President Trump may bolster investment activity. The markets are also jittery as to whether U.S. equities have gone too far, and gold is expected to benefit from risk aversion." That will likely support prices even in the face of persistent oversupply. The physical gold market surplus swelled to a seven-year high of 952 tonnes last year, GFMS said, and will likely persist in 2017, albeit at lower levels. Total physical demand fell 18 percent to 3,559 tonnes in 2016, largely due to sharply lower jewellery fabrication, it said. Gold jewellery consumption slid by a fifth to a seven-year low. Of the two biggest physical gold markets, Indian jewellery fabrication fell 38 percent, due in part to the introduction of excise duty on jewellery manufacturing, while Chinese fabrication slid 17 percent. Identifiable investment, which includes buying of coins, bars and exchange-traded funds, hit its highest since 2012 meanwhile at 1,579 tonnes, with a seven-year peak in ETF buying offsetting softer demand for coins and bars. Central banks were net buyers of gold for a seventh year in 2016, though they bought the least since 2010, at 257 tonnes. GFMS forecast 250 tonnes of buying this year, with Russia continuing to drive purchases and China re-starting reserve building after four months of no changes to its holdings. GFMS expects mine supply to contract from this year onwards after hitting a record 3,222 tonnes in 2016. GOLD MARKET SUPPLY/DEMAND (T)* SUPPLY 2016 2015 Mine output 3,222 3,209 Scrap 1,268 1,172 Net hedging supply 21 21 Total 4,511 4,401 DEMAND Jewellery 1,891 2,395 Industrial fabrication 354 365 Central banks buying 257 436 Retail investment 1,057 1,162 Physical demand 3,559 4,357 Surplus/deficit 952 44 ETF inventory build 524 -125 Exchange inventory build 86 -48 Net balance 342 217 * GFMS Gold Survey 2017 (Reporting by Jan Harvey, editing by David Evans)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Aier Eye Hospital Group Co Ltd
* Says its net profit up 30.2 percent y/y at 557.5 million yuan ($80.86 million) in 2016
* Says it sees Q1 net profit up 30-35 percent y/y
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nDemGk; bit.ly/2naaW2J
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8947 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Google's parent company Alphabet reported its first-quarter results yesterday, and once again beat analysts' expectations. As usual, Google's digital ad sales helped boost earnings, making up around 85 percent of the revenue for the quarter, but a new accounting rule also played a part in the impressive figures.
The tech giant's revenue was up 26 percent year-over-year to $31.16 billion during Q1 2018. During the first quarter of last year, YoY revenue was up 22 percent, meaning the company is now growing faster than it was one year ago.
Net income stands at $9.4 billion for the three months ending March 31, with non-GAAP earnings of $13.33 per share. Analysts were looking for $9.28 per share with $30.29 billion in revenue.
Alphabet's financials were helped by a new US Securities and Exchange rule, which altered how the company values its equity investments, including Uber and other startups, on its balance sheet. The change added around $3.40 per share to its earnings for the first quarter, though even without the adjustment, Google's parent would have beaten expectations.
Alphabet's “other bets,” such as its autonomous vehicles, also saw revenue growth, up to $150 million from $132 million in Q1 2017. Its “other” revenues, which includes Nest, was up to $4.35 billion from $3.27 billion in the first quarter last year.
"We're pleased with our progress across Other Bets," said CFO Ruth Porat, on a call with analysts. "At Waymo, we have achieved five million miles of driving on city streets, adding the latest a million in just three months."
Additionally, the number of Alphabet employees has increased. The company now boasts 85,050 workers, up from 73,992 last year.
The figures will have pleased Alphabet and its investors, who were worried that the current privacy concerns surrounding tech firm's such as Facebook might have affected its bottom line.
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
May 3 Pulse Oil Corp:
* Pulse Oil Corp. Announces $8 million unit financing to acquire oil and gas assets, restart production and commence horizontal drilling
* Pulse Oil Corp- signed two new agreements with arms-length parties to acquire independently assessed proven producing oil and gas reserves in alberta
* Pulse Oil Corp - purchase price of mannville sa asset is $1.71 million
* Pulse Oil Corp - purchase price for whiskey creek assets is $1.2 million
* Pulse Oil Corp - financing will consist of up to $4.4 million in subscription receipts to be issued at a price of $0.12 each Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PROCREDIT HOLDING AG & CO KGAA:
* DGAP-ADHOC: PROCREDIT HOLDING AG & CO. KGAA: PROCREDIT HOLDING: SUCCESSFUL PLACEMENT OF CASH CAPITAL INCREASE - GROSS PROCEEDS OF THE SHARE ISSUE OF APPROX. EUR 61 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A 14-year-old boy is fighting for their life in hospital after being hit by a car in Ripon this morning.
The teenager was walking to school when they were knocked down by a silver car in Clotherholme Road at around 8.45am.
North Yorkshire Police said the boy had suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital by paramedics.
A spokesperson said: "His condition is currently described as critical. Their family has been informed and is currently with them in hospital."
Officers want to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision, which happened near the junction of Aislabie Garth.
The spokesperson said Clotherholme Road been closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and carry out investigations.
"It is likely to stay closed for several hours and drivers are urged to use alternative routes to prevent congestion in the area," they added.
Anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to email Rob.Roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts.
Please quote incident reference NYP-11122017-0090 when sharing information.
COLOMBO May 3 The Sri Lankan rupee held steady on Wednesday as importer dollar demand was offset by exporter sales amid expectations of dollar inflows from a sovereign bond issuance and syndicated loans, dealers said.
Sri Lanka expects to raise up to $1.5 billion via a sovereign bond issuance and another $1 billion from two separate syndicated loans.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards steady from Tuesday's close at 153.30/35 per dollar at 0529 GMT.
"There is a bit of (importer) demand. There have been some selling by exporters and banks too," a currency dealer said, asking not to be named.
Dealers expect the rupee to stabilise on higher dollar liquidity after the anticipated inflows.
A government move to double the borrowing limit of development bonds to $3 billion in 2017 is also expected to increase liquidity.
Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake on Thursday blamed "technical difficulties" for a two-month delay in receiving an around $160 million loan tranche from the International Monetary Fund and said the disbursement was expected after June 14.
Sri Lanka has seen a rise in foreign inflows into equities and government securities since early this month, with foreign investors buying shares worth a net 13.7 billion rupees in 26 consecutive sessions through Friday.
Foreign investors also net bought government securities worth 908.9 million rupees ($5.98 million) in the week ended April 26, extending the net inflow to 7.2 billion rupees in four consecutive weeks. But they have net sold 57 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were down 0.51 percent at 6,574.29 as of 0531 GMT. Turnover stood at 141.2 million rupees ($929,559). ($1 = 151.9000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
Cycling - UCI Track World Championships - Men's Scratch Race, Final - Hong Kong, China – 13/4/17 - Germany's Lucas Liss, Poland's Adrian Teklinski and Britain's Christopher Latham celebrate with their medals on the podium. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG Australia successfully defended their men's team pursuit title at the world track championships on Thursday, storming to victory over New Zealand in a seesaw battle at the Hong Kong Velodrome.
Australia, who were favourites after coming within a whisker of breaking the world record in qualifying on Wednesday, fell behind midway through the race but recovered impressively to surge to victory with a 2.476 second gap over their rivals.
The win for Sam Welsford, Alexander Porter, Cameron Meyer and Nicholas Yallouris is Australia's seventh world title in the past 11 editions of the event, while Italy took bronze over a new-look Britain side.
Poland's Adrian Teklinski won the men's scratch race for their first world title after risking everything with a surprise attack in the final kilometre that saw them open up a half-lap lead over the pack.
Germany's Lucas Liss, the 2015 champion, chased hard as Teklinski tired but could only manage silver, while Britain's Chris Latham held on in third for their first championship podium finish.
Azizulhasni Awang won Malaysia's first world title with a comprehensive victory in the men's keirin, finishing three lengths clear of silver medallist Fabian Hernando Puerta Zapata of Columbia, with Czech cyclist Thomas Babek in third.
Awang, known affectionately as "Pocket Rocket Man", won bronze in each of the last two editions of the world championships.
The day ended on a high note, with the U.S. women's pursuit team defending their title in a thriller against Australia that had the crowd on its feet.
The U.S. team of Kelly Catlin, Chloe Dygert, Jennifer Valente and the veteran Sarah Hammer charged into an early lead, but Australia recovered by the 2,500 metre mark and the teams raced to the finish with neither able to stay in front.
Australia were ahead by 0.412 seconds going into the final lap, but an inspired effort from Dygert pulled the Americans over the line with a 0.417 second margin of victory, while New Zealand took bronze over Italy.
(Writing by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Alison Williams)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 3 Kadmon Holdings Inc:
* Kadmon announces amendment to credit agreement and related warrants
* Kadmon Holdings Inc- terms include deferring capital raise requirement of $17.0 million from june 30, 2017 to december 31, 2017
* Kadmon Holdings Inc - terms of amendment include deferring mandatory monthly principal payments until january 31, 2018
* Kadmon Holdings - terms of amendment include amending 617,651 previously issued warrants to cash warrants and adjusting warrant strike price to $4.50
* Kadmon Holdings Inc- terms include amending 617,651 previously issued warrants to cash warrants and adjusting warrant strike price to $4.50 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Premier League leaders Chelsea are focussed on getting results in their remaining nine games as they fight for the title, instead of dwelling on Saturday's 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace, manager Antonio Conte said.
Chelsea suffered their second loss in 10 league games, and their first home defeat in the league since September. The loss cut their lead at the top of the table to seven points after second-placed Tottenham Hotspur defeated Burnley 2-0.
"There are nine games to play and we have to think step by step," Conte told British media.
"At the end (of the season), if we deserve to win the title, we will be very happy...When you lose this type of game, in your mind you try to apply a lot of questions. But it's very difficult to find a reply to this result."
Chelsea host fourth-placed Manchester City on Wednesday. Their last home win against the Manchester side in the league was in 2013.
"They (Man City) have a really strong squad but I think it's right to think about ourselves, to go game by game," the Italian manager said. "In England, every game is very tough, whether the name of your opponent is City or another team."
City drew 2-2 against sixth-placed Arsenal on Sunday and will be hoping to end their three-game winless streak at Stamford Bridge.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
April 10 Hemostemix Inc
* Hemostemix announces CDN$4,400,000 senior secured debt financing and plans to undertake a private placement for up to CDN$8,000,000
* Hemostemix Inc- agreement reached with Wood Capital Ltd on a non-brokered senior secured debt financing of CDN$4.4 million in one or more tranches
* Hemostemix Inc- agreement also contemplates co to complete private placement or placements of a minimum of CDN$4.4 million up to a maximum of $8 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OSLO Norway's opposition Labour party will not agree this year to a request by the country's $935 billion wealth fund to invest in unlisted infrastructure projects, frustrating for now attempts to widen its investment horizon and improve returns.
The fund, the world's largest, invests in stocks, bonds and real estate abroad but had wanted to put money into unlisted infrastructure, by becoming an owner or co-owner of projects such as roads, bridges or renewable energy.
"The debate is ongoing (in the party) but we are not going to conclude for an opening now," Marianne Marthinsen, Labour's finance spokesperson, told Reuters.
Norway's minority government said in March it was against allowing the fund to invest in unlisted infrastructure for the moment. Labour said at the time it was disappointed and that it would take up the question when a white paper on the fund was debated in parliament.
Marthinsen's comments suggest Labour has concluded that it would not take up the question this year, ending the possibility that the fund be allowed to invest in such projects for now.
The fund said in 2015 it would like to invest up to five percent of its value in unlisted infrastructure.
"What is very important for us is that we must have good enough control organs in the central bank," Marthinsen said, referring to the way the fund is managed by a unit of the central bank.
Allowing the fund to invest in new asset classes should wait until after the June publication of a report by a government-appointed commission led by former central bank governor Svein Gjedrem examining the supervising regime of the fund, they said.
"The Gjedrem report is an important milestone so that we can talk about the overall structure. We would like that in place before we move forward," said Marthinsen.
Some non-governmental organizations were disappointed.
"We know it is important to start investing in green infrastructure now because the new report by the Global Commission on Economy and Climate says that these investments must start within 2-3 years," Haakon Grindheim, a political adviser at the Norwegian Church Aid NGO, told Reuters.
Several NGOs favor a change to help finance clean-energy projects such as wind or solar farms, a market valued at $1.1 trillion according to a February report by the U.S.-based Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis.
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
March 28 FFRI Inc
* Says the co plans to set up FFRI North America, Inc. in the U.S.
* Says the new unit to be engaged in computer and security products, with capital of $800,000
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/BYzD8h
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
New Delhi: Celebrations broke out at Shubhman Gill's residence in Mohali after the Prithvi Shawled Indian team thumped Australia by 8 wickets to clinch the U19 World Cup for a historic fourth time.
The relative and friends of Shubman Gill's family gathered in the society and disturbed sweets among themselves. Gill's neighbours were also seen performing Punjabi folk dance Bhangra after India's impending win over Australia.
"We are elated at the performance of our son and the whole Indian team which convincingly defeated Australia in the final match today," Shubman's father Lakhwinder Singh Gill told PTI today
"It is a proud moment for us and it is also a proud moment for entire Punjab and country that our team won the final match," Lakwhinder, an agriculturist said.
A big screen was installed in the premises of the society for watching the final match between India and Australia.
Shubman's father said they have not yet been able to speak to their son after the Indian team won the match at Mount Maunganui.
"Last time, we briefly talked to Shubman after the semi-final match and then they told us that they will give their best and the team will bring the World cup," said elated Lakhwinder.
The grandfather and grandmother of Shubman were also ecstatic at a village in Jalalabad in Fazilka district of Punjab.
"I had bought a big LCD for my father and mother who live in Jalalabad in Fazilka and my father saw all the matches while waking up at night," said Lakhwinder.
The family of Shubman shifted from the tiny village in Fazilka to Mohali in 2007 to provide cricket training to him.
"There were no proper sports facilities in our village in Fazilka. To provide better training to our son, we shifted to Mohali. My father and mother still live in Fazilka," said Lakhwinder.
Family has planned to give a grand welcome to their son for their stupendous performance in the World Cup when they come home.
"I think after landing at Mumbai on February 5 they may go to Bangalore for the upcoming Vijay Hazare trophy," they said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Key Socialists defect to centrist candidate
* Divisions call into question Socialist Party's survival
By Brian Love
PARIS, March 30 More than one in two French voters believe struggling Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon should drop out of the presidential race in favour of a rival left-winger who has overtaken them in surveys of voting intentions, a poll showed on Thursday.
The Harris Interactive poll was conducted after Wednesday's announcement by former prime minister Manuel Valls that they would join a growing number of fellow Socialists who refuse to vote for Hamon, their own party's official candidate.
The disarray on the left has called into question the survival of the Socialist Party and cleared a path for independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen to emerge as favourites to win the presidency.
Hamon's problems partly reflect the depth of public disenchantment with the Socialists after five years of rule by Socialist President Francois Hollande.
Hamon, livid at Valls' decision to join other key Socialists defecting to Macron, brushed off talk of an early election race exit, saying in an interview on public service radio channel franceinfo: "Of course I will stay through to the finish."
Two left-wingers, one from the Socialist Party and one not, are fourth and fifth in the polls less than a month before the first round of the election on April 23. Only the two top candidates go through to the May 7 runoff.
Skirmishing in the Socialist Party, the largest party on the Left, risks widening age-old divisions between moderates like Valls and hardline left-wingers like Hamon to breaking point under election pressures.
The Harris Interactive poll found that 53 percent of voters felt Hamon should pull out of the race in favour of Jean-Luc Melenchon, firebrand candidate of the Left Party, or what the French call "the Left of the Left"
Melenchon has overtaken Hamon in a number of polls in the last two weeks but the split of the left-wing vote means neither is likely to make it past the first round.
The favourite, Macron, is tipped in all polls to easily beat Le Pen in the May 7 runoff.
Erstwhile frontrunner Francois Fillon is in third place and faces elimination too.
Hamon has for weeks been urging Melenchon to unite with the Socialists behind them as a single candidate. But Melenchon again ruled that out overnight, telling supporters at a rally in the northern port of Le Havre: "I will negotiate with nobody."
If there were one rather than two left-wing candidates, that contender would have a chance on paper of qualifying for the May 7 runoff if they managed to combine some 25 percent of votes now split between the two.
(Reporting by Brian Love; Editing by Adrian Croft)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI, April 12 Saudi Arabia has set the final size of its planned debut international sukuk at $8 billion, split equally between a five-year and a 10-year tranche, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The final spreads for the issuance are 100 basis points over mid-swaps for the five-year notes and 140 basis points over mid-swaps for the 10-year.
Initial price guidance, released on Tuesday, put the Islamic bonds at around 115 and 155 bps over mid-swaps, respectively.
(Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; editing by Jason Neely)
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – South Africa's coal industry should ensure that it does not lower air quality to avoid ending up in the same litigious space as the mining sector with silicosis.
Earlier this month, thousands of mineworkers reached a class action settlement with mineworkers suffering from silicosis and/or tuberculosis contracted in air polluted underground mining environments.
Advertisement
Responding to questions after delivering the keynote address at the Fossil Fuel Foundation's workshop on air quality and emissions, former Department of Energy (DoE) director-general Nelisiwe Magubane, who is currently a nonexecutive director of Eskom and chairperson of Matleng, a 70% women-owned company that provides energy solutions, urged the fossil fuels industry to deploy cleaner technologies.
“I'm sure you're aware of the latest settlement of billions of rands on the silicosis case with the mines. What we have in South Africa are very litigious people who, before we know it, are likely to litigate to say we are condemning people of Mpumalanga into having lower air quality standards,” they said.
Advertisement
The province of Mpumalanga has a heavy concentration of coal-fired power stations that are owned and operated by State electricity utility Eskom.
“We need to look into that. We have a silicosis case already won and we need to be able to say to ourselves as the fossil fuels industry, what are we going to do to avoid being in the same space as the mining sector with silicosis?” Magubane asked, in response to independent economic risk consultant Rob Jeffrey, who had drawn their attention to Asean countries all opting for clean fossil fuels as the cheapest sources of energy going forward.
If coal could be used cleanly, South Africa would be able to continue to use it.
“Basically, I'm of the view that there are many opportunities to have a cleaner energy environment, but also to make sure that whatever we have is affordable to the economy of this country because what is happening is that when you look at the profile of the skills that we have, we still need to have an industrially intensive economy, so that we can be able to absorb some of those skills quite easily.
“My view is that the next biggest wave in this country is going to be an uprising of the youth. It is said that about 60% of the population is youth. If that is the case, we need to be able to clean up our environment. Let's deploy cleaner technologies. Let's take advantage of energy storage to support the cleaner technologies,” Magubane said in response to Mining Weekly Online.
Earlier, they put question marks over the economic viability of Eskom continuing to be able to apply for increased electricity tariffs to remain in business.
They criticised the policy of granting cost-reflective tariffs because they failed to take into account the level of efficiency of the State electricity utility and allowed its costs to be passed on to the customer.
“That's no longer the right way of regulating,” said Magubane, who as DoE director-general oversaw $13-billion worth of investment in renewable energy by independent power producers.
The current structure of South Africa's electricity sector, incorporating a vertically integrated Eskom together with distribution at municipal level, was not sustainable and ageing distribution infrastructure was presenting problems.
The air-quality workshop, chaired by Eskom corporate specialist environmental management Dave Lucas, also heard EE Publishers' Chris Yelland state that they had come to the conclusion that Eskom's old coal-fired power plants, and the coal mines that fed them, were "dirty, thirsty, inefficient, unhealthy, noncompliant killers”.
Yelland alleged that one emission alone – particulate matter with a diameter of less than 2.5 microns, or PM2.5 – caused 2 200 premature deaths a year and R30-billion a year in costs associated with the burning of coal at Eskom power stations.
“That doesn't count coal mining, it's just Eskom's burning of coal,” they added.
LEISURE and Resorts World Corp. (LRWC) said Monday it was in talks with a Macau-based firm for the possible establishment of a world-class beach resort and casino on Boracay Island in Aklan Province.
LRWC and Macau's Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG) discussed the project last week with President Rodrigo Duterte,
“Galaxy is excited about the possibility of teaming [up]with LRWC to develop a world-class beach resort for our players in Boracay, which was just rated the number one island in the world in 2017 by Conde Nast Traveller readers,” GEG Vice Chairman Francis Lui Yiu Tung said.
This is also in line with GEG and its mother company's goal of playing a role in the One Belt One Road initiative of Beijing, as well as to explore greater potential and attractive business investments in the Philippines.
“We look forward to working with GEG in bringing a world-class resort to the island-paradise of Boracay. If the project materializes as envisaged, it's going to be a game changer in the Philippine resort and tourism landscape,” Katrina Nepomuceno, LRWC vice president for legal and corporate secretary, said.
LRWC is a holding firm with interests in property development focusing on leisure business, gaming and recreation.
The company owns Bingo parlors all over the Philippines and has an existing license agreement with the Cagayan Economic Zone Authority to develop, operate and conduct internet and gaming enterprises and facilities in the Cagayan Special Economic Zone Freeport. It is also engaged in the hotel and recreation
business.
At 12:30 a.m. on the Fourth of July, system administrator pilot fish gets a page from their company's outsourcer: A remote execution job is down, and the error message says it can't connect to the remote server.
So fish gets online and pings their server, but it's OK. They log on: OK. Checks daemons: OK. "Nothing seems to be wrong," says fish. "So I restart the job and check it out."
For five minutes, fish watches as remote job runs without incident. Then they log off and goes back to bed.
But fish's head barely hits the pillow before they get another page. "Your job died again," outsourcer tech tells him.
Fish climbs out of bed again and repeats their troubleshooting process. Once again, everything looks OK until it mysteriously dies. Must mean it's time to call the database administrator to recycle the database, they figure.
The first database admin on the duty list doesn't answer the page or phone. So fish calls the next guy on the list and tells them the story.
"You're running jobs tonight?" replies the database admin. "It's July 4. Your boss told me no one would be on the system and I could test my script to detect when the server dies.
"I've been bringing the server down, then up again to test my scripts."
"Uh, couldn't you test this on the test server?" grumbles bleary-eyed fish.
"Oh," says database admin. "You mean I can use that server to test?"
Sharky's testing their grilling skills today, which is why this week's story from the Sharkives is a day early. But you can send me your own true tale of IT life any day of the week at sharky@computerworld.com. You can also comment on today's tale at Sharky's Google+ community, and read thousands of great old tales in the Sharkives.
Get Sharky's outtakes from the IT Theater of the Absurd delivered directly to your Inbox. Subscribe now to the Daily Shark Newsletter.
It was more jobs misery for workers in the Annesley area this week with 150 warehousing jobs set to go on top of 120 set to be axed by the Department of Works and Pensions.
An Annesley company has told employees redundancies could be on the cards after it confirmed 150 jobs are set to move to Daventry.
Warehousing company Prolog Ltd has confirmed the positions in its Mothercare contract will be transferred from its Annesley facilities by June 2017.
Workers face a long commute as 150 jobs are set to move to Daventry some 67 miles away.
Prolog managing director Neil Daniells said the jobs move would not necessarily translate to redundancies. They said: “It is unfortunate that positions are being transferred out of the Nottingham area.
“Employees have the opportunity to transfer to Daventry . In the next couple of weeks we will be clear how many have elected to do that.
“I am hopeful a high number will take the opportunity to transfer.
“Prolog continues to win new business as such between now and summer these opportuities will provide employment as new pieces of business are won.”
In a letter sent to employees by Prolog seen by the Chad the company has said it is considering redundancies.
The letter from the HR department says: “For most employees it is likely that working for DHL in Daventry is not viable and where that is the case there will be consultation about potential redundancy if there is no alternative work available with Prolog.
“However at this early stage of the consultation process it is important to concentrate on the TUPE process and how it will affect people.”
This week a spokesperson for the company added: “Mothercare and Prolog have enjoyed a successful relationship over the past nine years and now enter a new phase of development. As a result of a supply chain review to streamline and consolidate operations the following changes will take place:
“Fulfilment of small item orders will be consolidated at Mothercare's facilities in Crick, Daventry by June 2017.
“Larger items including furniture, returns, spares and repairs will continue to be fulfilled from Prolog's facilities in Nottingham
“As a result of these changes and under TUPE regulations, circa 150 positions will be transferring from Nottingham to Daventry.
The company said Mothercare will continue to be a significant client.
Matt Stringer, UK MD Mothercare said: “This is a natural evolution of our excellent and long standing relationship with Prolog who will be a significant partner to Mothercare in driving future supply chain efficiencies.”
Neil Daniells, MD Prolog added: “We are delighted to be continuing our relationship with Mothercare and remain an integral part of Mothercare's supply chain”.
Ashfield MP Gloria De Piero said: “This is another huge blow to the jobs market in Ashfield, coming so soon after the DWP announcement.”
The MP is already demanding answers from the Department for Work and Pensions over its decision to close its Annesley office, putting 130 jobs at risk.
They added: “This area needs more job opportunities for local people so it is very disappointing to hear that Prolog is cutting so many positions from its Annesley site.
“If any of my constituents are affected and need help or advice, please do not hesitate to get in touch.”
Read more here:
http://www.chad.co.uk/news/mp-wants-answers-over-dwp-job-cuts-1-8390698
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Ico Group Ltd -:
* Change Of Executive Director, Chairman Of The Board, Authorized Representative, Process Agent And Member Of The Nomination Committee
* Pang yick them ("mr. pang") has been appointed as an executive director
* Lee cheong yuen, chief executive officer and executive director, is appointed as chairperson of board
* Yong man kin has tendered their resignation as executive director and chairperson of board
Source text (bit.ly/2nXIVbP)
Further company coverage:
TORONTO/VANCOUVER, April 5 China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd is in advanced talks to buy a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, in a deal that could fetch more than $1 billion, people familiar with the process told Reuters.
Barrick is no longer in discussions with China's Zijin Mining Group Co Ltd about the Veladero mine stake sale , which is one of the Canadian miner's five core mines, the people said.
Shandong did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Reuters, but the company halted trading in its shares in Shanghai late on Wednesday pending an announcement. Barrick and Zijin declined to comment. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Additional reporting by Shanghai newsroom; Editing by Denny Thomas and Chizu Nomiyama)
AMSTERDAM, March 31 Amsterdam-based equity derivatives trading venue TOM is to be wound up, with all open interest positions to be transferred to the Euronext exchange on closure, after existing shareholders failed to find a strategic partner for the venture.
Launched in 2009, The Order Machine aimed to improve competition in equity and options trading between different markets by means of a search engine that allowed traders to compare prices instantaneously.
In October, shareholders, currently ABN Amro Clearing Bank , BinckBank, IMC, Nasdaq and Optiver, said they were seeking a new strategic partner to develop the exchange.
"(A) strategic partner has not been found," TOM said in a statement on Friday. "Consequently, TOM is working towards a wind down of the company."
The transfer of existing open positions will start at the end of May 2017 and take about a month, with moves being carried out in batches before markets open. TOM will waive fees for the transfer, it said. (Reporting By Thomas Escritt, editing by David Evans)
The crew of the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Healy, in the midst of their ICESCAPE mission, retrieves supplies for some mid-mission fixes dropped by parachute from a C-130 in the Arctic Ocean in this July 12, 2011 NASA handout photo obtained by Reuters June 11, 2012. ... REUTERS/File Photo
OSLO Climate change is stirring life in the Arctic Ocean as thinning sea ice lets in more sunlight, allowing microscopic algae to bloom in the inhospitable region around the North Pole, scientists said on Wednesday.
The micro-algae may now be able to grow under the ice across almost 30 percent of the Arctic Ocean at the peak of the brief summer in July, up from about five percent 30 years ago, they wrote. Blooms may become even more widespread.
"Recent climate change may have markedly altered the ecology of the Arctic Ocean," wrote scientists in the United States and Britain led by Christopher Horvat of Harvard University.
The first massive under-ice bloom of algae was seen in 2011 in the Chukchi Sea north of the Bering Strait separating Alaska and Russia, a region until then thought too dark for photosynthesis.
The scientists, writing in the open-access journal Science Advances, based their estimates on mathematical models of the thinning ice and ponds of melt water on the ice surface that help ever more sunlight penetrate into the frigid waters below.
The average thickness of Arctic sea ice fell to 1.89 meters (6.2 ft) in 2008 from 3.64 meters in 1980, according to another study. Sub-ice algae seem to become dormant in winter, when the sun disappears for months, and are revived in spring.
Horvat told Reuters it was unclear how the growth might have knock-on effects on the Arctic food chain, perhaps drawing more fish northwards. "Very few of these blooms have been observed," they wrote in an e-mail.
The new light adds to uncertainties about the economic future of the region that is warming at about double the average rate for the Earth as a whole. Almost all governments blame this trend mainly on a build-up of human-made greenhouse gases.
U.S. President Donald Trump, however, has sometimes called human-made warming a hoax and signed an order on Tuesday to undo climate change regulations issued by former President Barack Obama.
Governments of nations around the Arctic Ocean, including the United States, have been working on rules for managing potential future fish stocks in the central Arctic Ocean as the ice shrinks and thins. They last met in mid-March in Iceland.
(Reporting by Alister Doyle; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
May 2 Conocophillips
* Conocophillips reports first-quarter 2017 results; on track to deliver 2017 operating plan and accelerate value proposition
* Q1 earnings per share $0.62
* Conocophillips- second-quarter 2017 production is expected to be 1,495 to 1,535 mboed
* Q1 loss per share $0.02 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Production excluding libya for q1 2017 was 1,584 mboed, up 6 mboed versus same period a year ago
* Says company's full-year guidance items, excluding impacts from canada and san juan basin dispositions, are unchanged
* Q1 2017 total realized price was $36.18 per barrel of oil equivalent (boe), versus $22.94 per boe in q1 of 2016
* Excluding net impact from dispositions of 36 mboed and reduced downtime of 18 mboed, q1 production increased 24 mboed, or 2%
* Q1 total revenue and other income $7.77 billion versus $5.02 billion
* Q1 revenue view $7.42 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Federal Realty Investment Trust:
* Federal Realty Investment Trust announces first quarter 2017 operating results
* Q1 FFO per share $1.45
* Sees FY 2017 FFO per share $5.85 to $5.93
* Federal Realty Investment Trust - "continue to identify potential infill acquisitions in order to re-stock our redevelopment pipeline"
* Federal Realty Investment Trust qtrly same-center property operating income increased 4.3%
* Federal Realty Investment Trust - rent increases for comparable retail space averaged 23% for Q1 2017
* Sets regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.98per share
* Federal Realty Investment Trust sees 2017 guidance for FFO per diluted share to $5.85 to $5.93
* Federal Realty Investment Trust sees 2017 earnings per diluted share guidance to $3.35 to $3.43
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.21, revenue view $841.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 MBF Group SA:
* Said on Thursday that its shareholders to vote on May 30 on capital increase via issue of 1.1 million series H shares of nominal value of 2.5 zloty ($0.65) per share
* Series H shares to be issue via private offer and will be directed to the company's shareholders
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8571 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Virtus Investment Partners Inc:
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS ANNOUNCES INVESTMENT IN SUSTAINABLE GROWTH ADVISERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS - ENTERED INTO AGREEMENT TO BUY MAJORITY INTEREST IN SUSTAINABLE GROWTH ADVISERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS - EXPECTS TO FINANCE TRANSACTION USING BALANCE SHEET RESOURCES, AVAILABLE CAPACITY ON CREDIT FACILITY, AMONG OTHERS
* VIRTUS INVESTMENT - WOULD PURCHASE EQUITY INTEREST HELD BY ESTANCIA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT & A PORTION OF EQUITY HELD BY SGA‘S PARTNERS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
(Adds context, details)
By Davide Barbuscia, Tom Arnold and Hadeel Al Sayegh
DUBAI, March 30 Dubai-based building company Drake & Scull (DSI) said on Thursday it had breached covenants on a syndicated sukuk and other bank loan facilities after making a loss last year.
The contractor is in talks with its lenders to find new solutions on the debt facilities in question, which are overdue on principal and interest payments and are technically payable on demand.
Banks have not claimed the overdue payments and are unlikely to do so until new agreements are reached involving refinancing solutions or a renegotiation of the existing debt, said a source familiar with the situation.
No one at DSI could be reached for comment.
The company was already in breach of financial covenants on a number of bank facilities in 2015. It then reached an agreement for a conditional waiver of the breach up until December 2016, but it was not able to comply with reporting requirements requested by its lenders and therefore had breached the covenants again, it said. The covenants are revised on a quarterly basis.
In February this year it announced a turnaround and capital restructuring plan which included a number of cost-cutting measures, capital raising initiatives, and divesting non-performing or distressed subsidiaries.
Lenders are now waiting for more details of the capital restructuring programme, banking sources said.
DSI made a loss of 815.3 million dirhams ($222.01 million) last year as low oil prices and an economic slowdown hit the construction sector in the Gulf region.
In particular it was hit by problems related to projects in Saudi Arabia. As of the end of December, DSI's net current liabilities exceeded its assets by 118.9 million dirhams.
DSI issued a $120 million five-year sukuk in 2014 with Al Hilal Bank, Emirates NBD, Mashreqbank and Noor Bank as joint lead managers. That sukuk is held by banks only and never traded, said one source familiar with the situation.
It approached lenders for a senior perpetual sukuk in 2015 but that deal never materialised because of lack of appetite in the market, banking sources said. (Editing by Greg Mahlich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON May 3 Shares of European suppliers of microchips, sensors and circuitry to Apple fell on Wednesday after the smartphone company's much-awaited iPhone sales missed expectations in the second quarter.
Suppliers rely on strong iPhone sales for part of their profits, and in some cases Apple's announcement on Tuesday reawakened concerns about excessive exposure to Apple.
Shares in Dialog Semiconductor, which provides power management systems for Apple, fell 3 percent, among the top European fallers on the day.
The company has been in investors' focus since mid-April when a research note from German broker Bankhaus Lampe suggested Apple could be developing the capacity to bring its power management components in-house.
That report knocked as much as a quarter off of Dialog's market value on the day. The company gets nearly 75 percent of its revenue from Apple, according to Morgan Stanley estimates.
Imagination Technologies, a British designer of graphical processing units used in smartphones, was down 0.5 percent. In April it said Apple, its largest customer, would stop using its technology within 15 to 24 months, causing its stock to lose nearly two thirds of its value in a single day.
Swiss company AMS, the maker of optical sensors for iPhones, dropped 2.1 percent and Italy's STMicro, which provides the phone's accelerometers, gyroscopes and motion sensors, fell 1.7 percent.
Shares in ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chipmakers, fell 0.6 percent. The Netherlands-listed company is lower down the Apple supply chain than Dialog and STMicro, supplying to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company which in turn serves Apple.
Apple said on Tuesday it sold 50.76 million iPhones in the quarter ended April 1, down from 51.19 million a year earlier, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of its 10th anniversary edition..
Analysts on average had estimated iPhone sales of 52.27 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet. (Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Susan Thomas)
April 28 GM:
* Through April 17, aware of one putative class action pending against company in U.S. court based on allegations of defective Takata airbag inflators - SEC filing
* Through April 17, aware of one putative class action against company in Mexico, 7 putative class actions pending in various provincial courts in Canada
* New Mexico Attorney General has initiated litigation against Takata and numerous automotive manufacturers, including GM Source text - (bit.ly/2ppr4em) Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: European Union (EU) flags fly in front of the European Central Bank (ECB) headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany, December 3, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File Photo
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank has raised by 10 percent the annual fee it levies on euro zone lenders for supervising them, so that it can hire more staff and pay for a review of the models that large banks use to gauge risk, it said on Friday.
Some lenders, particularly in Germany, have complained of excessive requests for information and higher costs since the ECB took over as the euro zone's top banking watchdog in late 2014, tasked with cleaning up the sector.
Euro zone banks will be charged a total 425 million euros (355.49 million pounds) for this year, up by just over 10 percent compared to what the ECB spent on banking supervision in 2016.
Banks that are directly on the ECB's watch will foot 92 percent of the bill, with smaller firms supervised by national authorities paying for the balance.
"Predominantly, the increase relates to work associated with the targeted review of internal models (TRIM)," the ECB said.
Ratings agency Moody's said last month TRIM could result in the ECB demanding that banks hold more capital against the risk they take.
The ECB spent 382.2 million euros on supervising banks last year, 41.1 million euros less than it had expected.
(This version of the story corrects "a billion" to "a million" in last paragraph)
(Reporting By Francesco Canepa; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Kentucky Derby favourite Classic Empire will break from the middle of the pack in the 20-horse race after drawing the 14th post position on Wednesday for Saturday's Run for the Roses.
The Mark Casse-trained colt, who was installed as the early 4-1 favourite for the first leg of U.S. thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown, was last year's champion 2-year-old and is coming off a win at last month's Arkansas Derby.
With the last four favourites having triumphed at the 1-1/4-mile Kentucky Derby, Classic Empire will try to extend that stretch to an unprecedented fifth year.
Always Dreaming and McCraken, who are co-second favourites at 5-1, will break from the fifth and 15th posts, respectively.
McCraken, who suffered an ankle injury in February and then finished third in the Blue Grass Stakes last month, will start from the same post as 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah.
The fifth post that Todd Pletcher-trained Always Dreaming will break from has produced nine Derby winners, most recently California Chrome in 2014 who went on to capture the Preakness Stakes before finishing fourth at the Belmont Stakes.
Irish War Cry, who came from just off the pace to pull clear of highly-rated Battalion Runner at the Wood Memorial in April, is the fourth choice at 6-1 and will break from the 17th gate, which has never produced a winner.
One-eyed horse Patch, whose left eye was removed last June due to a massive inflammation, drew the outside 20th post and is a 30-1 longshot along with Battle of Midway, State of Honor and Untrapped.
The inside-most post position, from which no horse has won the Kentucky Derby since Ferdinand in 1986, went to the Steve Asmussen-trained colt Lookin At Lee.
Fast And Accurate, who will start from the third gate, and Sonneteer, who drew the 12th spot and has never won in 10 starts to date, have the longest odds in the field at 50-1.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto, editing by Ed Osmond)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Remark Holdings Inc:
* REMARK HOLDINGS ANNOUNCES NEW AGREEMENT FOR ITS KANKAN SMARTEYES PRODUCT
* REMARK HOLDINGS - ‍NEW CONTRACT IS A “MULTI-MILLION-DOLLAR REVENUE OPPORTUNITY” OVER NEXT 24 MONTHS AND BEYOND​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
(Reuters) - The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump is considering changes to a California desert plan that had set aside areas for renewable energy development, a move it says would promote more wind and solar projects on federal lands.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management, in a statement on Thursday, said it would consider amending the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan as part of a broader federal effort to unwind regulations that impede energy development.
The process is also aimed at making more land available for wireless broadband infrastructure, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Katharine MacGregor said in the statement.
“We need to reduce burdens on all domestic energy development, including solar, wind and other renewables,” they said.
The news drew praise from the wind and solar industries but criticism from California officials and environmental groups.
Reconsidering the plan would reopen conflicts over renewable energy development, conservation and other uses of the desert while “creating a cloud of uncertainty,” Karen Douglas, a commissioner with the California Energy Commission, said in an emailed statement.
The Bureau of Land Management is part of the Interior Department, which has made similar moves to open up more federal land and waters to oil and gas exploration.
The plan was jointly hatched by California and the federal government in an eight-year process finalized in September 2016.
Solar and wind developers had criticized the designation of just 388,000 acres of the 10.8 million acres covered by the plan for renewable energy development.
The California Wind Energy Association's executive director, Nancy Rader, said on Friday it was “ironic” that the Trump administration had moved to expand areas for renewable energy while the Obama administration had closed them off.
“We are happy for the BLM to take another look,” Rader said in an interview.
The Solar Energy Industries Association said in a statement it looked forward to working with the Department of the Interior.
Environmental groups panned the move.
“There is no new data to support changing the plan,” said Mike Sweeney, executive director of The Nature Conservancy in California, in a statement, noting that it was “exhaustively developed” with eight years of data collection, scientific analyses and significant public and private input.
May 3 Aqua America Inc
* Aqua America reports earnings for first quarter
* Reaffirms FY 2017 earnings per share view $1.34 to $1.39
* Q1 earnings per share $0.28
* Q1 revenue $187.8 million versus I/B/E/S view $195 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.30 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Aqua America Inc - Expects to invest more than $450 million in 2017 and more than $1.2 billion through 2019
* Aqua America Inc - Continues to affirm guidance for 2017, which remains unchanged from Q4 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Canadian mortgage provider Equitable Group Inc said on Wednesday it had added three more banks to a syndicate that would fund its C$2 billion ($1.46 billion) loan commitment.
Subprime mortgage lenders in Canada have been racing to shore up confidence in their model as depositors pulled more money out of rival Home Capital Group Inc's high-interest savings accounts.
Lenders have suffered since a securities regulator alleged last month that alternative lender Home Capital hid mortgage broker fraud from investors.
Equitable Group said on Wednesday that the syndicate of lenders supporting its two-year loan commitment now also includes Bank of Montreal, Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of Nova Scotia.
Earlier this week, Equitable Group said it had received a letter of commitment for the C$2 billion secured funding facility from banks including Toronto-Dominion Bank, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and National Bank of Canada.
Equitable Group's shares were up 1.2 percent at C$46.62 in morning trading. (Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
(updates with details, quotes)
By Ian Chadband
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Yang Jiayu raced to gold in a thrilling finish to the 20km walk at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday but their compatriot Lyu Xiuzhi learned they had been dramatically disqualified when metres away from winning the bronze medal.
Yang upped the pace over the last 100 metres on the Mall to power away from Mexico's Maria Guadalupe Gonzalez and finish a mere one second clear in 1 hours 26 minutes 18 seconds, a superb triumph for the 21-year-old in their maiden senior championship.
Yet Lyu, perhaps favourite for the title, did not realise they had already received a third red card for a late infringement -- meaning automatic disqualification -- as they were still racing home just behind Gonzalez.
As they were less than 20 metres from the line believing the bronze medal was in their grasp, a senior official stepped out in front of them to confirm their disqualification.
It meant that Antonella Palmisano, who had been broken by the leading trio just as they started the last of the 10 two kilometre loops between Admiralty Arch and Buckingham Palace on The Mall came home for the bronze in 1:26.36, Italy's first medal of the championships.
"I feel really excited," said Yang. "I started race walking at the age of 14. Now I hope to be the future of race walking in China."
Yet they had time to spare a thought for their disqualified teammate. "I feel sorry for Lyu. Maybe she'll get to win a competition soon," they said.
The result was also tough on former boxer Gonzalez, who had also missed out on gold at last year's Rio Olympics by just two seconds. Them consolation was in becoming only the second Mexican woman to medal at the world championships after Ana Guevara, the former 400 metres champion.
"I did all I could but the Chinese athlete was better in the final part. It was very close but we made it a fight to the line."
She, too, spared a thought for Lyu. "She is an excellent race walker who continues to work hard. It is a difficult moment for them but she'll be ready and stronger in the next few years."
Palmisano, who was fourth at last year's Olympics, was delighted to this time make the podium in unexpected fashion.
"I was only concentrated on myself. I feel sorry for Lyu but I wanted that medal and now I have it," they said. (Reporting by Ian Chadband, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
April 20 China Evergrande Group
* Kailong Real Estate and Hengda Real Estate entered into a supplemental agreement with Shenzhen Investment and Shenzhen Real Estate
* Company would like to inform shareholders that owing to preparation work in relation to proposed reorganisation is still on-going
* Deal to extend exclusivity period and term of cooperation agreement from original seven months from date of cooperation agreement to 31 dec 2017 Source text (bit.ly/2oTS6u8) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Repeats to new USN with no change to text)
* OPEC output falls in April but compliance slips -Reuters survey
* Russian oil production down in April, nears target
* OPEC meets May 25, expected to extend output cuts
* BP sees oil in $50 - $55 range if OPEC extends cuts
By Scott DiSavino
NEW YORK, May 2 Brent crude oil on Tuesday closed at its lowest level this year, erasing all of the gains since OPEC started to cut production, after breaking through a key technical support level.
The market was already trading lower prior to the technical selloff on reports of rising output in the United States, Canada and Libya and declining compliance by members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries with the deal to cut output during the first half of this year.
Brent futures fell $1.06, or 2.1 percent, to settle at $50.46 a barrel. That was the lowest close since Nov. 29, the day before OPEC agreed to cut supply, although Brent briefly dropped to even lower levels in intra-day trading in March.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude fell $1.18, or 2.4 percent, to $47.66 a barrel, its lowest close since March 21.
The sharp technical decline came after U.S. futures fell below last week's low of $48.20 a barrel, which was their lowest since late March.
In the five minutes after prices fell below that key technical level, over 50,000 U.S. contracts traded, representing about 10 percent of total trade at that time on Tuesday.
"The market was already down on concerns about rising Libyan and U.S. production and a Reuters report showing lower compliance to the OPEC production cut agreement," said Phil Flynn, senior energy analyst at Price Futures Group in Chicago.
Oil prices pared losses briefly in aftermarket trading after data from the American Petroleum Institute showed that U.S. crude stocks fell 4.2 million barrels last week, with Cushing, Oklahoma, inventories drawing by 215,000 barrels. The U.S. government will release its inventory data on Wednesday at 10:30 a.m. (1430 GMT).
OPEC's compliance with the output cuts fell to 90 percent in April from a revised 92 percent in March, according to a Reuters survey. Earlier, the survey showed compliance in March was 95 percent.
OPEC and other producers, including Russia, plan to meet on May 25 and are widely expected to keep output limits for the rest of the year.
OPEC oil output fell for a fourth straight month in April, a Reuters survey showed, dropping to 31.97 million bpd as Nigeria and Libya pumped less crude.
Libya's National Oil Co, however, said on Monday that production had risen above 760,000 bpd to its highest since December 2014, and it plans to keep boosting production.
BP Plc Chief Financial Officer Brian Gilvary told Reuters that oil inventories would keep falling this year.
"If the OPEC cuts get rolled into the second half of the year, that will underpin oil prices," Gilvary said. "We are managing things around $50-$55 a barrel. That's probably the range we would expect for the rest of the year."
(Additional reporting by Christopher Johnson in London and Osamu Tsukimori in Tokyo; editing by Chris Reese and Marguerita Choy)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Two dozen photos from Bronson's annual 4th of July celebration have been posted in our photo gallery.
There are a couple pictures below, but you can see all of the photos by clicking here.
PoINT Software & Systems GmbH has released version 6.0 of its data and storage management software.
Contact
PoINT Software & Systems GmbH
Sebastian Klee
***@point.de PoINT Software & Systems GmbHSebastian Klee
End
-- The new release focuses in particular on retention management functions which allow users to securely store and manage their data. The PoINT Storage Manager therefore helps users to implement all aspects of compliance guidelines.PoINT Storage Manager allows users to make use of their storage systems within a tiered storage architecture, saving resources. Inactive data are rule-based moved from expensive primary storage to more cost-effective secondary storage within a lower tier. Thanks to the retention management features added in version 6.0, in combination with WORM functionality, the software meets all compliance standards for archiving. The archiving rules are configured within a storage vault, where users can define retention periods for specific folders or subjects. This provides them with the flexibility needed to meet the needs and specifications of individual workflows. Once the retention period expires – at the end of the file's life cycle, in other words – the file can be marked by an administrator for deletion.In addition to the software's retention management functions, Version 6.0 of PoINT Storage Manager allows IT administrators to mark and delete archived data with previously deleted links (so-called "stubs") in performance tier. This can be done rule-based at pre-defined intervals. The functionality for versioning of archived data has also been expanded, allowing users to specify how many versions of an archived file should be saved.About PoINTPoINT Software & Systems GmbH is specialized in the development of software products and systems solutions for storage and management of data using all available mass storage technologies like optical, hard disk, tape, cloud and object store. Close collaboration with leading hardware manufacturers enables an early support of innovative storage technologies. Besides these complete solutions PoINT also offers its know-how as Toolkits, which can be easily integrated in other applications by a programming interface. Furthermore PoINT projects entire storage solutions and provides consultancy with its long-term and versatile experience.PoINT products are distributed by our partners in more than 25 countries worldwide and have been installed successfully in more than 2 million installations. PoINT customers range from end users expecting a compact and secure solution to large corporations, which meet with our solutions their complex demands by providing the necessary reliability and perfection.
A girl looks out from a window as Pope Francis leaves after a Holy Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Bishop Emeritus Claudio Stagni receives help after fall down as Pope Francis leaves at the end of Holy Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Pope Francis waves to the faithful from popemobile as they arrive to celebrate a Holy Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Pope Francis waves to the faithful from popemobile as they arrive to celebrate a Holy Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Pope Francis waves to the faithful from popemobile as they arrive to celebrate a Holy Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Pope Francis greets the crowd during a meeting with the people affected by the earthquake in front cathedral in Mirandola , Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
Pope Francis shakes hands to crowd after a meeting with the people affected by the earthquake in Mirandola, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
A man walks in front of a 136 year-old plaque honouring the victims of ' Papal tyranny' after Pope Francis celebrated a Mass in Carpi, Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Garofalo
CARPI, Italy Perhaps the last thing Pope Francis expected to find during a visit to the northern Italian city of Carpi on Sunday was a huge 136-year-old plaque honoring the victims of "papal tyranny".
The pope passed right by the plaque while standing in their white open popemobile after saying Mass in a square a few dozen meters away during a day-long visit to an area hit by earthquakes in 2012.
Put up in 1881 on the side of castle in the center of town, the marble plaque measuring about 1 meter by 2 meters commemorates the 1870 unification of Italy, which it says "emancipated human thought from papal tyranny."
The popemobile was moving very slowly as it passed so they could shake hands with faithful and kiss babies but it was not clear if they read the words on the plaque, one of many reminders in Italy of the country's often violent past.
Until 1870, Italy was made up of a jumble of kingdoms, duchies, city-states, republics and the militarily powerful Papal States, a large swathe of territory running from the Mediterranean to the Adriatic.
Anti-clericalism was rife in the Papal States and border areas at the time because of the papacy's levying of taxes to fill its coffers and the Church's often suffocating influence on people's personal freedoms.
Carpi are part of the Duchy of Modena, which sided with the unification forces against the papacy, whose territory was reduced to the 108 acres of Vatican City after the wars.
The region northwest of Bologna that the pope visited was hit by twin quakes in 2012, killing 28 people. Many family-run factories and food processing plants were severely damaged, dealing a devastating blow to the local economy in the area famous for its Parmesan cheese and Parma prosciutto.
The rebuilding plan has been held up as exemplary to other Italian regions because it brought together business leaders, the Church and politicians to decide priorities.
To restore the economy, they decided that factories would be restored first, followed by homes and schools. Cultural heritage sites such as churches were fixed last. The Carpi cathedral reopened last week.
A series of strong earthquake hit the central regions of Lazio, Marche and Umbria last year, killing more than 300 people. Critic says reconstruction plans have been bogged down in those areas because of bickering over priorities.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella; editing by Clelia Oziel)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
* Southern exports so far in April drop about 140,000 bpd
* But exports could rise after repairs finished at jetty-source
* Exports also fall from northern Iraq
By Alex Lawler
LONDON, April 20 Oil shipments from Iraq's southern terminals have fallen so far in April, according to loading data and an industry source, reflecting a temporary drop in export capacity and Iraqi efforts to comply with OPEC production cuts.
OPEC's second-largest producer has curbed output this year as part of an OPEC-led supply reduction deal, although OPEC figures show that until March Iraq had delivered a smaller cut than other members such as top exporter Saudi Arabia.
Exports from southern Iraq - the outlet for most of the country's crude - in the first 19 days of April averaged 3.10 million barrels per day (bpd), according to shipping data tracked by Reuters and by an industry source.
That would be down from last month, when shipments averaged 3.24 million bpd through March 30, according to figures given by Iraq's state oil marketer, SOMO.
While Iraq has cut production, the drop in April shipments is also related to reduced export capacity after a tanker collided with a jetty due to strong winds, the industry source said. Repairs were completed on Sunday.
"It's just come back online this weekend, so exports could rise again," the source said. Iraq said the incident did not affect shipments.
Oil traders have been sceptical about compliance with the OPEC supply deal by Iraq, which in negotiations last year had argued it should be exempt due to a need for cash to fight Islamic State militants.
The supply cut led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries started on Jan. 1. Iraq says it is committed to and complying with the deal.
It is not possible to draw firm conclusions about production from export data, not least because the deal among OPEC and other independent producers applies to output, not exports.
Iraq's exports are often volatile day-to-day, affected by weather and technical snags among other factors.
The bulk of Iraq's oil is exported via the southern terminals. Smaller amounts are shipped from northern Iraq via Ceyhan in Turkey, mostly by Iraq's Kurdish region.
Northern exports have averaged about 420,000 bpd so far in April, shipping data shows, versus Kurdish exports of about 515,000 bpd in March according to SOMO figures. (Editing by Dale Hudson)
SAN FRANCISCO Blue Apron, the biggest U.S. meal kit company, has hired investment bankers to lead its 2017 initial public offering, according to people familiar with the matter.
Blue Apron's IPO is coming as competition heats up in the meal kit industry, with companies delivering fresh ingredients and recipes to subscribers. At least one of its rivals is preparing its own IPO this year.
New York City-based Blue Apron has selected Goldman Sachs (GS.N), Morgan Stanley (MS.N) and Citigroup Inc (C.N) to lead the offering that could come as soon as this fall, the sources said.
Blue Apron was valued as high as $2 billion in a June 2015 funding round. The company, which is not profitable, generated about $750 million in revenues last year, according to one source.
The sources asked not to be named because the matter is confidential. Blue Apron, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Citi could not be reached immediately for comment.
Blue Apron, which is named after the uniform that apprentice chefs wear in France, delivers its prepackaged ingredients and recipes to subscribers' doorsteps for them to prepare at home, a new business model attempting to disrupt traditional grocery shopping.
Rivals are quickly springing up, with Plated in the U.S. market, HelloFresh in Europe and Chefs Plate in Canada.
Reuters reported last week that Blue Apron competitor, Sun Basket, which focuses on organic ingredients, has hired banks for an IPO that could come in the second half of the year.
The IPO market for technology companies has gotten off to a strong start this year after a listless 2016. Snapchat's owner, Snap Inc (SNAP.N) raised $3.4 billion in an IPO earlier this month, while software firms MuleSoft Inc (MULE.N) and Alteryx Inc ALYX.N have had strong IPO pricings in the past few weeks.
Blue Apron was founded in 2012 in New York City by three friends. Bessemer Venture Partners, Stripes Group and Fidelity are among its investors.
(Additional reporting by Lauren Hirsch in New Orleans; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
WASHINGTON, April 6 A Chinese fighter plane has been spotted on a Chinese-held island in the South China Sea, the first such deployment seen this year, a U.S. think tank reported on Thursday.
The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative (AMTI), part of Washington's Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the J-11 fighter was visible in a satellite image taken on March 29 of Woody Island in the Paracel island chain.
News of the deployment came as U.S. President Donald Trump was due to hold their first meetings with China's President Xi Jinping in Florida on Thursday and Friday at which they are expected to air U.S. concerns about China's pursuit of territory and militarization of outposts in the South China Sea.
"This isn't a first, but it's the first time in a year," AMTI director Greg Poling said of the fighter deployment.
Referring to the single fighter plane visible in the image, they said: "There are likely more in the hangars nearby."
Poling said it was unclear how long the plane had been there, but added that similar deployments on artificial islands China has built further south in the South China Sea's Spratly archipelago now that military facilities had been completed there.
The United States has said in the past that deployments of Chinese fighter jets to Woody Island were part of a disturbing trend of militarization that raised questions about Beijing's intentions in the South China Sea, which is an important trade route.
The Chinese embassy in Washington was not immediately available for comment.
China has previously denied U.S. charges that it is militarizing the South China Sea. In March, Premier Li Keqiang said defense equipment had been placed on islands in the disputed waterway to maintain "freedom of navigation."
A U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the presence of a fighter aircraft on Woody Island was not something unexpected.
"It is already heavily militarized; no surprise we would be seeing military aircraft there,” the official said.
Earlier on Thursday, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said they had ordered troops to occupy uninhabited islands and shoals it claims in the South China Sea, something likely to anger China, which claims most of the strategic waterway. (Reporting by David Brunnstrom; Additional reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
French President Francois Hollande (L) shakes hands with local residents as they arrive at Villiers le Bel, near Paris, France, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, attends a campaign rally in Toulon, France, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Laurenson
PARIS French presidential candidate Francois Fillon, an outsider to win after involvement in a financial scandal, said on Monday they would order a parliamentary inquiry into allegations President Francois Hollande interfered in the justice system, if elected.
Once the frontrunner, the conservative former prime minister's poll ratings have slumped since allegations surfaced that they paid their wife, a son and a daughter hundreds of thousands of euros of public money for minimal work.
Fillon, 63, who is being investigated by magistrates over the jobs allegations and over a gift of expensive suits, insisted on their innocence.
"If I had the slightest doubt about my guilt I wouldn't be a candidate in the presidential election," they told BFM TV.
They said they were the victim of "manipulation", but drew back from previous allegations that Hollande, a Socialist president who is not standing for a second term, had personally led a smear campaign against him. They said they could not prove this.
They said however that prosecutors should open an inquiry into allegations made in a book by two journalists from satirical weekly Le Canard Enchaine that Hollande had had judicial wiretaps that interested them sent to their office.
"Prosecutors should take up this case. If they don't do so and if I am elected president, there will be a parliamentary commission of inquiry," Fillon said.
Hollande's office has rejected Fillon's accusations and denied interference in the justice system.
NECK-AND-NECK
Two polls on Monday showed far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron neck-and-neck in the race, with each predicted to receive about 25 percent of the vote in the April 23 first round.
Macron had a half-point lead over Le Pen in an IFOP-Fiducial poll, while an Opinionway poll gave Le Pen a one-point lead over Macron. Both polls had Fillon lagging well behind in third place.
Only the top two candidates go through to the May 7 run-off, where polls predict Macron would easily beat Le Pen, who wants to take France out of the euro and hold a referendum on EU membership.
All 11 candidates will take part in a televised debate lasting more than three hours on Tuesday evening, one of the main opportunities for many of them to reach a wide audience.
Investors are concerned the wave of frustration with political elites behind Britain's vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald Trump in the United States could sweep Le Pen into power in France.
Former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said last week they believed Le Pen's potential vote was being seriously under-rated.
Macron told Le Monde in an interview on Monday that Fillon and Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon were wrong to focus their attacks on him, when Le Pen was the real threat.
"Those who say Marine Le Pen can't win the second round are the same as those who said Trump could never win. We don't know what can happen if they are far ahead in the first round," they said.
(Additional reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by)
March 31 Varengold Bank Ag
* Interest income earned by bank rose from 1.326 million euros ($1.42 million) in 2015 to 4.474 million euros in 2016
* FY net income from trading portfolio fell from 11.117 million euros to 5.685 million euros
* Preliminary net loss for year of 1.486 million euros (previous year: loss 13.218 million euros)
* Is viewing 2017 fiscal year with confidence Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9368 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Redhill Biopharma Ltd
* Redhill biopharma announces peer-reviewed publication of the positive yeliva® phase i study results in advanced solid tumors
* Redhill biopharma ltd says phase i study with yeliva(®) in patients with advanced solid tumors successfully met its primary and secondary endpoints
* Redhill biopharma ltd says results demonstrated that drug is well-tolerated and can be safely administered to cancer patients in study
* Redhill biopharma ltd says is pursuing several phase i/ii clinical studies with yeliva, targeting multiple oncology and inflammatory indications
* Redhill biopharma -phase ii study to evaluate efficacy of yeliva in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis is to be initiated in h2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds details)
RIO DE JANEIRO, March 30 Retail sales in Brazil fell unexpectedly in Brazil in January, in another signal that the economic recovery expected to start this year could be weaker than expected.
Retail sales volumes excluding cars and building materials in Brazil fell 0.7 percent in January from December, government statistics agency IBGE said on Thursday.
Economists in a Reuters poll expected a rise of 0.6 percent.
Sales plunged 7 percent from January 2016, compared with expectations for a 4.15 percent drop in the Reuters poll.
Brazil's economy is widely expected to start recovering this year from its worst recession on record. Industrial output has improved, as expected, but services activity fell at a record speed in January, data showed earlier this month.
Retailers and service providers have struggled with record-high unemployment and interest rates that still rank among the highest in the world. The central bank expects commerce to grow just 0.7 percent this year after a 6.3-percent drop in 2016, according to estimates published earlier on Thursday.
An index measuring inventories at retailers operating in Brazil's largest city, São Paulo, rose in March as weak economic growth continued to hamper consumption, industry group Fecomércio-SP said earlier this week.
A broader retail measure that includes sales of cars and building materials, which are considered to be more volatile, fell 0.2 percent in January from December, IBGE said. (Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Silvio Cascione; Editing by W Simon and Bernadette Baum)
FILE PHOTO: The GM logo is seen at the General Motors Assembly Plant in Valencia, April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
General Motors Co (GM.N) said on Tuesday it would take a charge of up to $100 million after a judge ordered the seizure of its plant in Valencia last month, a move that prompted the halting of its operations in Venezuela.
The largest U.S. automaker said it was deconsolidating its business in the country following the seizure of its Valencia plant on April 18 by judicial authorities, which led GM to fire 2,700 workers. The plant had not produced a car since the beginning of 2016 because of parts shortages and strict currency controls.
GM, the market leader in Venezuela for 35 years, said executives have expressed a willingness "to talk with government officials and union leaders about the circumstances under which it could be possible to start production and employ some number of workers with a new, viable business model."
Total auto production in Venezuela fell to a historic low of 2,849 cars in 2016, about 75 percent less than the year before, according to Venezuela's automotive industry group.
In the first two months of 2017, total Venezuelan auto production was just 240 vehicles, down 50 percent over the same period last year.
Declining auto production comes amid rising protests. On Tuesday, Venezuela's opposition was blocking streets to decry unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro's decision to create a new super-body known as a "constituent assembly," a move they say is a veiled attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections.
Venezuela's car industry has been hit by a lack of raw materials stemming from complex currency controls.
Nearly all vehicles built in Venezuela in the first two months this year were assembled by Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), which said last month its plant was operating normally. But the company said it was "only producing based on orders that come in."
In early 2015, Ford Motor Co (F.N) wrote off its investment in Venezuela when it took an $800 million pretax writedown. The company does not currently produce vehicles in Venezuela.
The South American nation's economic crisis has hurt many other U.S. companies, including food makers and pharmaceutical firms. A growing number of them, like GM, have removed their Venezuelan operations from their consolidated accounts.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Bernadette Baum)
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un watches a military drill marking the 85th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean People's Army (KPA) in this handout photo by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) made available on April 26, 2017. KCNA/Handout via REUTERS
People watch a TV broadcasting of a news report on North Korea's missile launch, at a railway station in Seoul, South Korea, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
People watch a TV broadcasting of a news report on North Korea's missile launch, at a railway station in Seoul, South Korea, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL North Korea test-fired a ballistic missile on Saturday shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to "catastrophic consequences".
U.S. and South Korean officials said the test, from an area north of the North Korean capital, appeared to have failed, in what would be the North's fourth straight unsuccessful missile test since March.
The test came as the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier group arrived in waters near the Korean peninsula, where it began exercises with the South Korean navy on Saturday, about 12 hours after the failed launch, a South Korean navy official said.
Tillerson, in a U.N. Security Council meeting on North Korea on Friday, repeated the Trump administration's position that all options were on the table if Pyongyang persisted with its nuclear and missile development.
U.S. President Donald Trump, asked about their message to North Korea after the test, told reporters: "You'll soon find out" but did not elaborate on what the U.S. response would be.
Separately, in excerpts of an interview with CBS News released on Saturday, Trump said the United States and China would "not be happy" with a nuclear test but gave no other details.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told the U.N. meeting it was not only up to China to solve the North Korean problem.
"The key to solving the nuclear issue on the peninsula does not lie in the hands of the Chinese side," Wang said.
In a commentary on Saturday, China's official Xinhua news agency said both North Korea and the United States needed to tread cautiously.
"If both sides fail to make such necessary concessions, then not only will the two countries, but the whole region and the whole world end up paying a heavy price for a possible confrontation."
Trump, in an interview with Reuters on Thursday, praised Chinese leader Xi Jinping for "trying very hard" on North Korea but warned a "major, major conflict" was possible.
The North has been conducting missile and nuclear weapons related activities at an unprecedented rate and is believed to have made progress in developing intermediate-range and submarine-launched missiles.
Tension on the Korean peninsula has been high for weeks over fears the North may conduct a long-range missile test, or its sixth nuclear test, around the time of the April 15 anniversary of its state founder's birth.
Pope Francis, speaking to reporters, called for another country to mediate the dispute between Pyongyang and Washington, saying the world risked a devastating war. (For a graphic on North Korean missile range, click tmsnrt.rs/2oWzQjb)
JAPAN PROTESTS
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe condemned the test as a grave threat to the international order.
"I urged Russia to play a constructive role in dealing with North Korea," Abe told reporters in London. "Japan is watching how China will act in regard to North Korea."
U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the North Koreans had probably tested a medium-range missile known as a KN-17 and it appeared to have broken up within minutes of taking off.
The South Korean military said the missile reached an altitude of 71 km (44 miles) before disintegrating. It said the launch was a clear violation of U.N. resolutions and warned the North not to act rashly.
With North Korea acting in defiance of the pressure, the United States could conduct new naval drills and deploy more ships and aircraft in the region, a U.S. official told Reuters.
The dispatch of Carl Vinson to the waters off the Korean peninsula is a "reckless action of the war maniacs aimed at an extremely dangerous nuclear war," the Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party, said in a commentary on Saturday.
Inter-continental ballistic rockets will fly into the United States "if the U.S. shows any slight sign of provocation," the newspaper said.
MORE SANCTIONS MOOTED
Kim Dong-yub, an expert at Kyungnam University's Institute of Far Eastern Studies in Seoul, said North Korea might have got the data it wanted with the missile's short flight, then blown it up in a bid to limit the anger of China, which warned Pyongyang against further provocation.
North Korea rattled world powers in February when it successfully launched a new intermediate-range ballistic missile that it said could carry a nuclear weapon. It also successfully tested ballistic missiles on March 6.
It is not clear what has caused the series of failed missile tests since then.
The Trump administration could respond to the test by speeding up its plans for new U.S. sanctions, including possible measures against specific North Korean and Chinese entities, said the U.S. official, who declined to be identified.
"Something that's ready to go could be taken from the larger package and expedited," said the official.
France also condemned the test and called for a firm reaction.
The U.N. Security Council is likely to start discussing a statement to condemn the missile launch, said diplomats.
But condemnations and sanctions resolutions since 2006, when North Korea conducted its first nuclear test, have done little to impede its push for ballistic missiles and nuclear arms.
The South Korean politician expected to win a May 9 presidential election, Moon Jae-in, called the test an "exercise in futility".
"We urge again the Kim Jong-un regime to immediately stop reckless provocative acts and choose the path to cooperate with the international community," Park Kwang-on, a spokesperson for Moon, said in a statement, referring to the North Korean leader.
Moon has advocated a more moderate policy on the North and been critical of the deployment of an advanced U.S. missile defence system in the South intended to counter North Korea's missile threat, which China also strongly objects to.
(Additional reporting by Soyoung Kim in SEOUL, Idrees Ali, David Brunnstrom, Matt Spetalnick and Susan Heavey in WASHINGTON, Tim Kelly and Nobuhiro Kubo in TOKYO, John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI and Michelle Nichols and Lesley Wroughton at the UNITED NATIONS, William James and Alistair Smout in LONDON, Philip Pullella ABOARD THE PAPAL PLANE, Matthias Blamont in PARIS, and Patrick Rucker in HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA; Editing Lincoln Feast and Robert Birsel)
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's main opposition Congress party on Monday named Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty, as party president.
Gandhi was elected to the post unopposed and succeeds their mother, Sonia Gandhi, for the top job in the party.
The party had previously governed India for decades before the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata party swept to power in 2014. Gandhi faces the difficult task of resurrecting a crumbling Congress party, a task made harder by a series of crushing defeats in state elections over the last year.
Gandhi, 47, entered politics in 2004 and is a member of India's Parliament. They were appointed party vice president in 2013.
Advertisement
Sonia Gandhi has led the party for 19 years. They have had health problems over the last few years, but the family and party have released little information about them.
Rahul Gandhi becomes the sixth member of the Nehru-Gandhi family to lead Congress. Their father, Rajiv Gandhi, their grandmother Indira Gandhi and their great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru have served as prime minister since India's independence from British colonialists in 1947.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Danske Bank:
* 2017 NET PROFIT ‍20.9​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 20.29 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍ON BASIS OF OUR STRONG CAPITAL POSITION, BOARD OF DIRECTORS IS PROPOSING A DIVIDEND FOR 2017 OF DKK 10 PER SHARE, OR 45% OF NET PROFIT​
* SAYS ‍DANSKE BANK‘S DIVIDEND POLICY HAS BEEN REVISED, AND GOING FORWARD, PAY-OUT RATIO WILL BE 40-60% OF NET PROFITS RATHER THAN 40-50%​
* 2017 NET INTEREST INCOME ‍23.4​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 23.34 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍IN ADDITION, BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS DECIDED TO INITIATE A NEW SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMME OF DKK 10 BILLION IN 2018​
* SAYS ‍WE EXPECT NET PROFIT FOR 2018 TO BE IN RANGE OF DKK 18-20 BILLION​
* SAYS ‍WE HAVE MET OUR LONGER-TERM AMBITION FOR A RETURN ON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY OF AT LEAST 12.5%​
* SAYS ‍OUR NEW LONGER-TERM AMBITION IS TO RANK IN TOP THREE AMONG MAJOR NORDIC PEERS IN TERMS OF RETURN ON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY​
* 2017 LOAN IMPAIRMENT CHARGES NET REVERSAL ‍873​ MILLION DKK VERSUS 586 MILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍THIS RELATIVE TARGET ACCOMMODATES CHANGING ENVIRONMENT AND WILL BE VALID THROUGHOUT ECONOMIC CYCLE​
* SAYS ‍IN 2023, DANSKE BANK‘S DOMICILE WILL RELOCATE FROM HOLMENS KANAL IN COPENHAGEN TO NEW OFFICES CONSTRUCTED FOR DANSKE BANK NEXT TO COPENHAGEN CENTRAL STATION​
* CEO SAYS ‍WE EXPERIENCED A POSITIVE DEVELOPMENT ACROSS OUR BUSINESS UNITS, WHICH IN MANY AREAS LED TO GOOD INCREASES IN NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS AND LENDING​
* CEO SAYS ‍WE CONTINUOUSLY STRIVE TO IMPROVE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE AND WE HAVE GENERALLY MAINTAINED POSITIVE TREND IN CUSTOMER SATISFACTION ACROSS OUR MARKETS​
* CEO SAYS ‍DIGITALISATION INCREASINGLY CREATES NEW POSSIBILITIES, AND RESULT FOR 2017 GIVES US A GOOD BASIS FOR CONTINUING TO INVEST IN DEVELOPMENT OF NEW SOLUTIONS FOR BENEFIT OF OUR CUSTOMERS​
* Q4 PRETAX PROFIT 6.729​ BILLION DKK VERSUS 6.45 BILLION SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* SAYS ‍CAPITAL POSITION IS VERY STRONG, WITH A TOTAL CAPITAL RATIO OF 22.6% AND A CET1 CAPITAL RATIO OF 17.6% AT 31 DECEMBER 2017​
* SAYS ‍BOTH CAPITAL RATIOS ARE ABOVE OUR TARGETS​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen)
Yesterday kicked off the first meeting of the annual Great Decisions Program in Delaware. This fabulous series is a direct result of the Foreign Policy Association's decision to inspire the American public to learn more about the world. The Great Decisions program was developed in 1954 and soon came to Delaware through the Delaware County League of Women Voters in the early ‘80s.
The original format of the series presentations still prevails — a Friday brown-bag lunch where guest experts provide a basis for community discussion. The discussions are held weekly at 12 o'clock in the William Street United Methodist Church fellowship hall, 28 W. William St. Sponsors for this year include the American Association of University Women, Kiwanis, League of Women Voters, International Studies Program, OWU, William Street UMC, Willow Brook Christian Communities, Anchor & Away Travel, and other private donors.
Always free and open to the public, these discussions touch on modern political topics, changes and hot-button conversations that affect both the United States and our greater world. Upcoming topics include Media and Foreign Policy (Feb. 9), South Africa's Fragile Democracy (Feb. 16), Global Engagement and the Military (Feb. 23) and more through the end of March.
The Delaware County District Library has a Great Decisions Booklet at our Main and Orange Branch libraries, which provides further knowledge and historical context on each subject. We'll also provide extended reading lists at each branch and on our website, which include books to give even more insight into the topics.
If you're interested in attending the series or learning more, visit the group's Facebook page at www.facebook.com/greatdecisionsdeloh. I hope you enjoy some of these books that our reference librarians have found to accompany the series.
“Governing Global Health: Who Runs the World and Why?” by Chelsea Clinton and Devi Sridhar. Discusses the importance of partnerships in global health governance, which not only help in combating infectious diseases around the world — including AIDS, SARS, malaria and Ebola — but also provide models for creating solutions for other large-scale, global challenges.
“Notes on a Foreign Country: An American Abroad in a Post-American World” by Suzy Hansen. A contributing writer to The New York Times Magazine describes how their post-9-11 move to Istanbul has taught them a great deal about the region's culture, history and politics, but also how it taught them a great deal about America.
“The Darkening Web: The War for Cyberspace” by Alexander Klimburg. A cybersecurity expert explores how the Internet has become a tool of warfare and exploitation, sharing cautionary insights into how global powers are creating and disseminating distorted versions of reality to advance national interests.
“Who Lost Russia? How the World Entered a New Cold War” by Peter Conradi. The Cold War ended twenty-five years ago, but tensions between Russia and the West are as bad as ever. What happened? Argues that we have consistently failed to understand Russia and its motives, and in doing so, have made a powerful enemy.
http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/02/web1_NICOLE-FOWLES-120117.jpg
By Nicole Fowles Glad You Asked
If you have a question that you would like to see answered in this column, mail it to Nicole Fowles, Delaware County District Library, 84 E. Winter St., Delaware, OH 43015, or call us at 740-362-3861. You can also email your questions by visiting the library's web site at www.delawarelibrary.org or directly to Nicole at nfowles@delawarelibrary.org. No matter how you contact us, we're always glad you asked!
If you have a question that you would like to see answered in this column, mail it to Nicole Fowles, Delaware County District Library, 84 E. Winter St., Delaware, OH 43015, or call us at 740-362-3861. You can also email your questions by visiting the library's web site at www.delawarelibrary.org or directly to Nicole at nfowles@delawarelibrary.org. No matter how you contact us, we're always glad you asked!
Rugby-Lions dance in background as NZ stay on toes against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure their side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* HR chief hired after dieselgate scandal to help reform
* Says progress being made, but an ongoing process
* Critics say lack of new management hampering change
By Andreas Cremer
BERLIN, March 30 Creating a new era of accountability at Volkswagen after its emissions scandal may take time, as it requires radical changes to the German carmaker's decades-old corporate structure, its head of human resources told Reuters.
Volkswagen's (VW) drive to become more transparent and decentralise power is seen by investors as a key part of its efforts to rebuild trust following its admission in September 2015 that it cheated U.S. emissions tests on diesel engines.
But reformers are battling a long-tradition of management hierarchies and some investors think their task is made harder by a tightly-knit ownership dominated by the company's founding families and home state of Lower Saxony.
"Good ideas are worth nothing if they fail because of structural blockades," VW human resources chief Karlheinz Blessing said in an interview published on Thursday.
"Not only the values must be right but also the structure," they said, adding progress was being made to reduce the number of committees, streamline the development of models and move managers more frequently to improve their leadership skills.
Before "dieselgate", there was an extreme deference to authority at VW and a closed-off corporate culture that some critics say may have been a factor in the cheating.
Although Blessing, a former steel manager who joined VW in January 2016, has pledged a complete overhaul of its structures, values and principles, some investors aren't convinced.
"I see a governance and culture problem at the group for which the old guard is responsible," said Ingo Speich, a fund manager at Union Investment which holds about 0.6 percent of VW preference shares.
VW is hamstrung by the different interests of its stakeholders - which include a powerful role for trade unions - and a lack of new leaders, they added. Chief Executive Matthias Mueller has been with VW for nearly four decades and Chairman Hans Dieter Poetsch was previously its long-term finance chief.
Blessing said VW wanted to put an end to managers shifting accountability to others and would ensure the best qualified people were handed responsibilities - something that might not always have been the case under a top-down management style.
"That has to be learned, and it may take a bit of time," they said.
Blessing's caution appears justified, according to two sources at the company.
With VW pursuing an ambitious shift to electric cars and digital services, some managers have become afraid again of making mistakes and are more keen to protect their careers than lead the drive for openness, they said.
"The search for those who made mistakes always took precedence over the search for the mistakes," one of the sources said, speaking on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter. "That mindset is still there."
Blessing declined to say how long it would take to establish a modern leadership culture at VW.
"This is an ongoing process, and it's nothing that will happen automatically."
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Mark Potter)
WDS is a Microsoft technology which enables you to install Windows on multiple computers simultaneously in your network. This can help you to deploy any Windows without using CD or DVD on each client machine.
Attended Vs Unattended Installation
The difference between attended and unattended installation is the required user intervention during installation. Attended installation requires full user intervention while unattended is an automatic installation technology and requires minimal user intervention on client machines.
In this article, I am focusing on unattended installation. Attended installation method requires an answer file which I'll cover in other article.
Benefits of WDS
WDS has certain benefits over manual or other deployment methods which are listed below:
Saves system administrator time in deploying the operating system
Reduces complexity and cost
Transmits the data using multicast functionality which reduces network congestion
Allows you to create a reference image of a computer using its Image Capture wizard
Allows you to deploy driver packages to client computers along with install images
Deployment Scenarios
WDS can be deployed in following three scenarios.
1. WDS and Microsoft DHCP are running on same server (especially good for small organizations)
2. WDS and Microsoft DHCP are running on different servers
3. WDS and Non- Microsoft DHCP are running on different servers
Based on the scenario, you may have to change WDS properties in DHCP tab in windows deployment services console. This article is based on deployment scenario 3 and I have a non-Microsoft DHCP running on Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS server.
Prerequisites
Nice to have:
Static or manual IP is configured on both Server 2012 R2 and Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS server
Windows firewall is turned off on Server 2012 R2
Latest Windows updates from Microsoft are installed on Server 2012 R2
Server 2012 R2 and Ubuntu 14.4.5 LTS server has strong administrator passwords
Installing WDS on Windows Server 2012 R2
WDS or Windows Deployment Services is a server role in Windows Server 2012 R2. You need to install it from server manager by following the wizard. Below are the steps that will help you to get WDS role installed on your machine.
1. Open server manager and click “Add roles and features”
2. Skip the requirements as these are already listed in our prerequisites section above. Click Next
3. Choose the desired destination server from server pool on which you want to install WDS. Click Next
4. Choose Windows deployment services from server roles. As soon as you check the box, a new window will appear (as shown in the figure), prompting you to add features which are required for this WDS role. Click “Add Features”
Step 6: Click Next
Step 7: Leave the default selection(s) and click Next
Step 8: Click Next
Step 9: Leave the default selections (Deployment and Transport Server) and click Next
Step 10: Click Install and wait for installation to finish (It took 5 minutes on my Windows Server 2012 R2 virtual machine)
Step 12: Click Close after successful installation
Configuring WDS on Windows Server 2012 R2
When a WDS is installed on your Windows Server 2012 R2 machine, you need to configure it. These steps will further help you in the configuration of WDS including copying windows installation images from CD or DVD for client machines.
1. Open server manager. Click Tools -> Windows Deployment Services
2. Expand Servers. Right-click your WDS server machine and then click “Configure Server”
3. Choose “Standalone server” since our machine is not a member of Active Directory Domain Services. Click Next
4. Click Next
5. Choose the folder (Make sure the folder is created on NTFS partition and the partition should not be system partition) on your machine where you would like to place installation images, PXE boot files, and WDS management tools. Click Next
6. Choose “Respond to all client computers (known and unknown)” and click Next. (If you have an active directory in your network, choose to respond only to known client computers and pre-stage client machines using their GUID or mac addresses).
Step 7: Wait for configuration to complete and then click Finish
Step 8: Now it's time to add actual windows installation images from CD or DVD for client machines. Click Finish
Figure 18
Step 9: Create an image group where you would like to place your installation images. Click Next (This can take several minutes to complete)
Step 10: Wait so that images are copied to WDS server (This can take 10-15 minutes). When done, click Finish
Installing DHCP on Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS Server
You need to issue the following two commands to install DHCP on Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS Server.
1. Type sudo apt-get update to update the repository (Be patient, this can take several minutes)
2. Type sudo apt-get install isc-dhcp-server -y (Installation can take several minutes to complete)
Configuring DHCP on Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS Server
This is the time you should plan your IP scope. When you are done, go with following steps.
1. Type sudo nano /etc/default/isc-dhcp-server
Put INTERFACES=”etho” to assign DHCP an interface for incoming client requests. (Issue ifconfig on command prompt and check your correct interface)
2. Type sudo nano /etc/dhcp/dhcpd.conf to open configuration file
Copy the following lines in your file (Change the parameters accordingly)
Subnet 172.16.0.0 netmask 255.255.0.0 { Range 172.16.1.40 172.16.1.60; # Scope or range of IP addresses } Allow booting; Allow bootp; Next-server 172.16.1.2; # IP address of WDS server
3. Close configuration file and restart the DHCP service
Testing the Configuration
We need only single client machine that supports network-based installation of operating system to test this whole configuration.
1. Make sure to change the boot order from BIOS (If you are using physical machine). I am using virtual machine in Hyper-V
2. When you boot the machine and it gets an IP lease and WDS information, you can assume your DHCP is working
3. Press F12. Follow the wizard and start the operating system installation as you normally do.
Conclusion
You have successfully deployed WDS on your network and configured it with DHCP running on Ubuntu 14.04.5 LTS server. These steps are valid if your DHCP is running on any other Linux distribution (commands may slightly change).
You can try to configure WDS in a domain environment and let WDS listen only to active directory client computers. You have to pre-stage those client computers in WDS console. Explore and also try unattended installation using answer or XML files. Good luck!!
(Repeats April 6 story with no changes in text)
By Manolo Serapio Jr
MANILA, April 6 A powerful cyclone in Australia has put supply of coking coal at risk, forcing big buyers like China and Japan to scour the world for alternative supplies and fueling a rally in prices as the world's top exporter braces for lost business.
Russia, Mongolia, Mozambique and the United States would benefit from Australia's disrupted supply as steel producers from China and Japan to India and Turkey move quickly to replace Australian cargoes.
"Cyclone Debbie has not only impacted China, but also Indian steel mills which were running low on stocks, and also Japan and Turkey," said a shipping source who tracks global coal cargoes but who declined to be named because the deals are private.
"So it looks like a perfect storm for coking coal prices, unless rail lines in Australia get back to work sooner than expected."
Landslides caused by Debbie have halted operations on the busiest rail line connecting coking coal mines in Australia's Queensland state to ports, and rail operator Aurizon said it would take about five weeks to repair.
BHP Billiton , the world's biggest shipper of coking coal, said it won't meet its export commitments from its mines in Queensland's Bowen Basin - among five miners in the region to declare force majeure, a clause typically invoked after natural disasters.
India's Jindal Steel and Power, which runs a coking coal mine in Australia's New South Wales, also declared force majeure, with mining operations halted by nonstop rains.
The prospect of a five-week delay until the rail lines are repaired, followed by the time needed to restore coal flows from mines to port and then a roughly 12-14 day journey to ports in China and Japan means coking coal consumers may struggle to avoid running out of supplies before normal service from Australia is resumed.
Steel plants use coking, or metallurgical, coal to fire blast furnaces. A shortfall in the commodity means they will have to either close down production, impacting steel output, or risk damaging the furnaces.
About 13 million tonnes of coking coal from Australia will be affected due to the disruption, or about 3 percent of global coking coal supply this year, said Daniel Hynes, commodity strategist at ANZ.
Queensland accounts for 60 percent of Australia's coal exports, which reached a record 221 million tonnes last year. Some 75 percent of Queensland's coal is coking coal and the rest is thermal, used in power plants.
Australian premium coking coal futures in Singapore have surged 43 percent to $225 a tonne in two days while Chinese futures jumped 9 percent to a four-month high on Wednesday.
CHINA'S PLANS
China is the world's biggest producer of steel and buys nearly half of its coking coal imports from Australia, and will have to move swiftly to avoid disruptions.
"We plan to buy more coking coal from Russia and Mongolia," said an official in charge of raw materials at a Chinese mill that imports about 5 million tonnes of coking coal annually, mainly from Australia.
"Coking coal from Russia and Mongolia is very important for us. We seldom use U.S. (coking coal) but maybe in the future we'll use more from the U.S."
Coal traders have said Chinese buyers are also looking to fix cargoes from the United States.
Stockpiles of imported coal at seven main Chinese ports stood at 15.5 million tonnes as of March 31, according to SteelHome consultancy. The inventory includes both coking coal and thermal coal.
China imported 59 million tonnes of coking coal last year, just over a third of its annual consumption, which ANZ estimates at 170 million tonnes.
There should be sufficient capacity from coking coal suppliers like Russia, Canada and the United States to meet short-term demand, said Wang Di from CRU consultancy.
'DESPERATE BUYERS'
China "has to seek alternative supplies in unison with drawing down on that inventory (of coking coal)," said ANZ's Hynes.
"It will definitely result in some desperate buyers over the course of April."
Apart from seeking supplies overseas, some Chinese steel mills may boost use of local coal, which should benefit Shanxi Coking Coal Group Co Ltd, the biggest supplier.
"We buy some Australian cargoes sometimes. But we mostly buy locally, and the quality is good for our requirement," said an official at a southern Chinese mill that produces 10 million tonnes of steel a year.
In Japan, where coking coal imports have dropped in the past two months, No.2 steelmaker JFE Holdings said it expects to secure supply for the next four to five weeks from its inventories and some adjustment in shipments. Outside Australia, JFE buys coking coal from Russia and Canada.
Japan is the world's No. 2 steel producer and Australia supplies half of its coking coal needs.
Steel mills in India, also a major importer of coking coal, could also face problems.
"Whoever has stocks to manage over a short period of time they will be okay, but those who are living on a day to day (basis) will have serious problems," Seshagiri Rao, joint managing director at India's biggest steel producer, JSW Steel , told Reuters.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Additional reporting by Chen Aizhu in Beijing, Yuka Obayashi in Tokyo and Krishna Das in New Delhi; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
São Paulo, April 20 The world's largest meatpacker JBS SA will next week resume slaughtering at six out of 10 beef processing units after sending workers on temporary leave earlier this month, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
Another four units will restart operations on May 2 after "reforms, operating adjustments and the modernization of equipment" is concluded, the company said.
JBS put workers on leave at ten out of 36 cattle slaughtering units on April 3 in a bid to adjust capacity amid a food security scandal that rocked the domestic industry and caused importers to temporarily stop buying Brazilian meats.
When the plants were shut, JBS said workers would be put on leave for 20 days, extendable for another 10.
Shares rose 0.3 percent in early morning trading, to 10.17 reais, at the São Paulo Stock Exchange.
On April 24, JBS will resume operations at Nova Andradina, Senador Canedo, Alta Floresta, Juína, Pedra Preta and Tucumã. On May 2, JBS will be slaughtering again at Lins, Anastácio, Naviraí and Diamantino, the statement said. (Reporting by Ana Mano and Paula Arend Laier; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
The First Computational Finance Competition Jointly Organized by GES & IEEE(HK) CI Chapter
Media Contact
34123636
***@ges.com.hk 34123636
End
-- The First Computational Finance Competition (Competition)jointly organized by Hong Kong based Global eSolutions (HK) Limited (GES), a leading financial trading platform provider, and the IEEE (Hong Kong) Computational Intelligence Chapter (IEEE (HK) CI Chapter) is officially kicked off. The Competition is held for students from universities in Hong Kong to foster the pursuit of algo trading among university students. The Competition has received an overwhelming response of entries, with more than 60 participants in 35 teams. Stage 1 of the Competition for algo development and testing is now in progress.During the Competition, all participants are required to use the Auton trading platform provided by GES for algo development and backtesting with historical data in stage 1.The participants will execute virtual trading by live data on the platform in stage 2 during 3 July to 11 August 2017. Every participant will use algo strategies to trade on CFDs of 50 Hang Seng Index Constituent Stocks and several major indices with a simulated capital of HK$1 million.Participants will have a chance to win the prize of up to HK$8,000 and half-year free usage on the GES Auton Software. At the end of the Competition, participants with the "Best Overall Return" and "Best Risk-Adjusted Return" will be the winners. Top two teams of each category will be awarded the Champion and First Runner-up respectively. The Champion will be presented with book coupons of HK$3,000 and a cash prize of HK$5,000, while the First Runner-up will be presented with book coupons of HK$2,000 and a cash prize of HK$3,000. A "Weekly Best Return" award will also be presented to each weekly winner who gains the largest positive profits by each week during the competition period, including 6 winners in total. Each weekly winner will be presented with HK$300 book coupon as the reward., said, "Students' overwhelming response to the Competition shows their keen interests in algo trading. It is hoped that students can grasp this opportunity to put investment theories into practice and gain valuable experience of trading simulation in the real investment world.", said, "We are glad that the academia in Hong Kong has responded enthusiastically to the Competition. As one of the pioneers in development of quantitative finance in Asia, GES has dedicated to promoting the application of computational intelligence in the financial industry for years. The Competition is definitely a good channel to nurture the next generation of Fintech talent and promote the development of Fintech in Hong Kong investment market."Auton serving as the virtual trading platform in this Competition is a true multi-asset platform which supports FX, Bullion, CFDs, Equities, Futures and Stock Options. Its built-in algo trading kit allows traders to deploy existing trading strategies or script their own one in the platform. Allowing algo backtesting and forward-testing with historical data and live data respectively, Auton helps traders to develop the unique trading strategy that will work best for them.For more details and competition ranking which will be updated each week, please visit: www.ges.com.hk/ 20170703 The First Computational Finance Competition is organized by Global eSolutions (HK) Limited ("GES") and IEEE (Hong Kong) Computational Intelligence Chapter ("IEEE (HK) CI Chapter"), which invite undergraduates and postgraduates students from renowned universities in Hong Kong to foster the pursuit of algo trading among university students in Hong Kong. It was initiated with the vision to promote the use of Computational Intelligence in the area of finance, identify algo trading talents at top universities and provide top performers with potential career opportunitiesThe IEEE is the world's largest professional organization dedicated to advancing technological innovation and excellence for the benefit of humanity, with more than 430,000 members in over 160 countries. Through its highly cited publications, conferences, technology standards, and professional and educational activities, IEEE is the trusted voice on a wide variety of areas ranging from aerospace systems, computers, and telecommunications to biomedical engineering, electric power, and consumer electronics. Learn more at http://www.ieee.org Global eSolutions (HK) Limited ("GES") is a global leading provider dedicated in financial technologies for more than 10 years. GES empowers financial institutions with algo-trading capability, advanced risk management and FIX bridging solutions. GES fully covers the needs of the on-floor trading and OTC markets, with value-added services ranging from IT technical support, system integration, bespoke software and network infrastructure development to hosting services. With GES technologies, financial institutions are able to overcome the challenges of risk management, position management, liquidity source and trading across different financial instruments in a single platform. GES's well established partnering with top-tier financial institutions and prime brokerage firms can fulfill customers' needs of liquidity and market depth. GES ensures the highest level of certainty and satisfaction through comprehensive industry expertise and a deep-set commitment to customers.For further information, please visit our website: www.ges.com.hk
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
April 10 Hainan Shennong Gene Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 1 million yuan to 6 million yuan in FY 2017 Q1 versus net loss at 3.9 million yuan in FY 2016 Q1
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/3HW779
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 ePrice SpA:
* Reported on Thursday Q1 prelim. revenues of 45.8 million euros ($49.89 million) versus 59.5 million euros a year ago (proforma Q1 2016: 42.2 million euros)
* The 2017 guidance, disclosed in March, is confirmed
* 2017 guidance forecasts double-digit growth in revenues and gross merchandise volume, as well as improved margins, both expected to accelerate in the second half of the year
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9180 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
SYDNEY Australia's professional cricketers rejected a pay offer from the sport's governing body on Friday, saying the proposal was "a win for cricket administrators but a loss for cricket".
The already protracted and sometimes rancorous negotiations between the players' union and Cricket Australia (CA) precede the expiry of the current five-year deal, which runs out at the end of June.
CA released their proposal last month, offering large salary increases, particularly for women, but breaking with the 20-year model of a fixed percentage of revenue from the game going to the cricketers.
That break and a number of other factors proved unacceptable to the Australian Cricketers Association (ACA), who laid out a counter-proposal in a statement on Friday.
"The ACA on behalf of Australia's cricketers has today rejected Cricket Australia's pay and conditions proposal," read a statement.
"The ACA also expresses frustration that what should be a relatively simple and good faith negotiation has not proceeded in this way.
"The fact that CA has, despite various attempts to do so, produced no logical reason to break the successful partnership model and longstanding relationship with players, leaves the players unclear as to CA's objectives."
CA chief James Sutherland also released a statement saying the governing body was confident that a deal would be struck before the end of June but that they were determined to "upgrade the revenue-share model".
"We understand their commitment to the existing model, but the fact is that the world has changed, and it needs to be updated to take that into account," they said.
"It has to include women, it has to support our juniors and community cricket clubs, and it has to provide greater financial certainty for all players, at every level."
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
ZURICH May 2 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening flat at 8,816 points on Tuesday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer.
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
UBS
The Swiss bank paid $445 million to settle claims that the Swiss bank sold toxic mortgage securities that helped sink two federal credit unions, a U.S. regulator said.
A former UBS banker who as a whistleblower helped U.S. authorities prosecute the Swiss bank for tax fraud, only to spend 2-1/2 years in prison for helping a billionaire client evade taxes, on Monday filed a $20 million libel lawsuit against their former employer.
U.S. federal prosecutors subpoenaed several banks last month as part of a criminal investigation into possible manipulation of the U.S. Treasuries market, Bloomberg reported.
For more click
GEBERIT
The shower toilet and plumbing supplies maker reported a 2.1 percent year-on-year rise in first quarter net profit, helped by what it said was a largely positive environment in the construction industry.
Shares were seen opening down 0.7 percent in premarket indications.
For more news, click
CREDIT SUISSE
The bank has deployed 20 robots within the bank, some of which are helping employees answer basic compliance questions, the Swiss bank's global markets chief executive, Brian Chin, said.
For more news, click
SYNGENTA
The group will remain in Switzerland after ChemChina's $43 billion planned takeover, the Swiss company's chairperson told weekly Sonntagszeitung in an interview published on Sunday.
As the Indian regulatory authority made no announcement by March 21, the company assumed that it has Indian approval, Michel Demare said. Syngenta, which will delist from the stock exchange as part of the acquisition, could later hold a new Swiss initial public offering.
For more click
DUFRY
The airport retailer reported first-quarter organic growth of 7.2 percent, helped by growth in the United States and Latin America.
For more news, click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Celyad granted to Novartis a non-exclusive license for its allogeneic TCR-Deficient CAR-T Cells Patents.
* OC Oerlikon Corporation AG Pfaeffikon raised its target of group's sales and orders for full-year 2017 to around 2.6 billion Swiss francs and operating profitability (EBITDA) to approach 14 percent. First-quarter group orders climbed 21.1 percent to 712 million francs and sales increased 2.7 percent to 608 million francs compared to previous year, the company said.
* Lastminute.Com NV said 2017 revenues are seen slightly growing, with EBITDA in line with last year.
* Baloise said it published the definitive interim outcome of its takeover bid for all publicly held registered shares in Pax Anlage AG, with Baloise's long-term equity investment in Pax standing at 146,224 Pax Anlage Shares, equating to 81.24 percent of the voting rights and the share capital.
* Pax Anlage AG said Paul-Henri Guinand is the new CEO, with Franz Rutzer withdrawing from the post.
* Santhera said it had signed a distribution and supply agreement for Raxone (idebenone) with Pharmathen for Greece and Cyprus.
* Novavest Real Estate said it had acquired the training and education centre of Swiss Federal Railways, SBB.
ECONOMY
Swiss retail sales increased 2.1 pct year on year in March, according to data published on Monday.
Swiss PMI due at 0730 GMT. (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
May 2 China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd
* Says board approves to set up representative offices in the U.S., Sydney and United Arab Emirates
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2qtdln0
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Donald Winnicott, one of the pre-eminent psychotherapists of the twentieth century - and in having a parenting programme on BBC radio was probably also the first "media therapist" - was famously quoted: "There is no such thing as a baby, there is a baby and someone."
Often misquoted as just the first half of that statement, it conveys the idea that psychologically babies don't exist without a caregiver, in those early days there is only the child-parent pairing, and that is how it should be.
It's also true to say there is no such thing as a "naughty child." There is a distressed child and a family.
Children act out their distress, and are, as Winnicott would undoubtedly agree, products of the environment they find themselves. They soak in the emotional environment of the family, and react to that in ways that sometimes can seem surprising.
Advertisement
Don't get me wrong, this is not some wrongheaded way of dismissing destructive, dangerous or hurtful behaviours, but we need to see that behaviour for what it is. Not a sign of an inherently "naughty" or BAD child, but expressions of distress that need to be understood, more often than not from a child that needs help.
This is also not an effort to blame parents. Life is distressing, death and loss, workplace stress, financial troubles, normal parental conflict, all these can impact children, and no one would say this is "abuse" or bad parenting.
It's just life, but adults have skills children don't possess when it comes to regulating these normal stresses. And it's our job as parents to see acting out - as it is called - for what it is: an expression of feelings that hasn't, or can't be, put into words.
Increasingly teachers get this, as do parents. Lots of positive messages around the harm of physical discipline, the need for parents to regulate their own emotions to calm their children, and the value of "time in" rather than "time out" sees this message increasingly getting through in ways that are really helpful.
But what I wonder is, why is it at some nominal point we stop seeing children as influenced, and even harmed by their environments, and decide that as an adult they just need to be responsible, or we'll lock them up, and in some cases throw away the key?
If we accept there is no such thing as a naughty child, why do we still cling to the idea of a bad adult?
Why is it not "There is no such thing as a criminal? There is a distressed adult, and a society?"
As a society, we have a responsibility to all people, young or old to support them to find better ways to manage their distress. And as some have suggested, prison is like a time out for adults.
The thing about time out, for children or adults, is it deprives the person of the very thing they need to calm down, regulate themselves, or change their behaviour: meaningful connection.
Because there is also no such thing as an individual.
A Hucknall man has been jailed for three years and four months after pleading guilty to child sexual offences.
Christopher Cannon, 28, formerly of Goodall Crescent, admitted charges of engaging in sexual communication with a child, attempting to meet a girl under 16 years of age following grooming and attempting to cause/incite a girl under 13 years of age to engage in sexual activity.
Detective Constable Paul Allison, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We're pleased with this result which shows how determined we are to tackle child sexual exploitation and to bring offenders to justice.
“Our advice to any member of the public who has information about suspected child sexual abuse - online or otherwise - is to contact police so we can investigate and, where possible, bring people to justice.”
Nottingham Crown Court heard on Friday, December 8 that Cannon had been engaging in conversation via social media with someone they believed was a 12-year-old girl.
It was made clear to Cannon that the person they were arranging to meet for sex was aged 12. Explicit sexual acts were discussed and Cannon asked for indecent images from the girl.
Unknown to Cannon the person they were actually talking to was the founder of a group whose members pose as children online to catch potential offenders.
On 23 July 2017 Cannon arranged to meet the girl for sex. They attended the Hucknall Tram Stop where they were confronted by the online group. Police were called and Cannon was arrested. The group also passed on information to officers.
Suspected incidences of online grooming can be reported by calling 101 or to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. If you think a child is at immediate risk of harm call 999.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
PARIS France is increasing security at public transport locations in Paris after an explosion killed at least nine people in a St. Petersburg metro tunnel on Monday, the interior ministry said.
"Following the events in the St. Petersburg metro, and as a precautionary measure, Interior Minister Matthias Fekl has decided to redeploy security means in public transport across the Paris region," the ministry said in a statement.
"Amid an extremely high terrorism threat, the government continues to take measures to protect the French people."
(Reporting by John Irish; editing by Michel Rose)
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
Former FIFA President Sepp Blatter poses for photographers after an interview at the terrace of the restaurant Sonnenberg in Zurich, Switzerland April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH Former FIFA president Sepp Blatter has not spoken to United States prosecutors in Switzerland, their U.S.-based lawyer told Reuters on Tuesday.
Blatter told international news agency reporters last month that they had met lawyers from the U.S. Department of Justice in Zurich last October or November.
Yet their lawyer Richard Cullen said that Blatter may have mistaken American lawyers who were conducting an internal investigation on behalf of FIFA for officials from the Department of Justice.
"Prosecutors from the Department of Justice did not interview Mr Blatter in Switzerland," Cullen said by telephone.
"He may have mistaken an interview that they gave to American lawyers who were conducting an investigation on behalf of FIFA.
"Those lawyers were in fact not prosecutors from the Department of Justice."
At the time when they made their comments to agency reporters last month, Blatter had also said: "I have had very little contact from my American lawyers because I was never a person of interest under scrutiny by the American justice.
"I have been investigated in two or three matters ... but there is no wrongdoing."
The 81-year-old was banned for six years by FIFA's own ethics committee at the height of a scandal engulfing world soccer's governing body in 2015.
The scandal saw several dozen soccer officials, including some from FIFA, indicted in the United States on corruption-related charges. Blatter was not among them.
In March, FIFA completed its own 22-month internal inquiry, conducted by U.S. lawyers Quinn Emanuel, into allegations of high-level corruption and handed its report to Swiss authorities.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ian Chadband)
(Adds chairperson and CEO comments, background)
HELSINKI May 3 Finland's mining equipment maker Metso on Wednesday appointed Nico Delvaux as chief executive from Swedish rival Atlas Copco to lead growth plans after years of restructuring and weak demand.
Metso, the maker of grinding mills and crushers for miners as well as valves and pumps for the oil and gas industry, has been battling tough market conditions due to spending cuts by miners and uncertainty over growth in top metals consumer China.
"The market just didn't exist, it disappeared for the past six years. Now, with Metso having a very strong balance sheet, we really want to see growth, going from cost cutting and restructuring to growing our business," Chairman Mikael Lilius told a news conference.
The company has cut hundreds of jobs in recent years. In 2014, it spun off its pulp and paper machine business Valmet and the government, its biggest shareholder, also rejected a takeover bid by British engineering firm Weir Group .
Delvaux, head of Atlas Copco's compressor technique business, is due to start as CEO in November at the latest, replacing Matti Kahkonen, the CEO since 2011 and a long-time executive who is due to advise the board until they retire.
Delvaux, who Lilius said was picked for their experience in the service business, did not specify their plans for Metso yet.
"I'm not a mining expert ... but I definitely have lots of experience with customers of Metso," Delvaux said.
Metso last month reported a rise of 11 percent in quarterly core profit, beating market expectations, and said it saw a gradual recovery in the mining market. (Reporting by Tuomas Forsell and Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Edmund Blair)
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Jennifer Frechette, 44, has been charged with second degree sexual assault, after police say they had an inappropriate sexual relationship with a student. Frechette is a teacher at Wilbur Cross High School in New Haven.
Attorney Tara Knight represents the alleged victim, a 15-year-old boy.
“When mothers and fathers send their kids to school they expect that their kids will be kept safe and not exploited in any way. If the allegations prove true in this case, this is the ultimate exploitation and the ultimate insult and offense to a mom and dad,” said Knight.
Frechette turned themselves into New Haven Police after a warrant was issued last week. On Monday, new details about the charges against them are coming to light. The New Haven Register notes that according to the affidavit two security guards found Frechette and the alleged victim in a makeshift bed inside a classroom back on January 5. Also in the room, a bag of condoms.
The guards told police that both Frechette and the student were clothed at the time. Frechette reportedly told them nothing happened, telling the guards the student had “sweet talked” them They later told police they and the victim had been trying on costumes for a play and the bed was set up for comfort.
Knight declined to give specifics on the case, but notes in cases like this the details can be vital to the prosecution.
“Any evidence of premeditation and thinking this through I think only exacerbates the problem. Not that it would be okay it is were a one time thing or if it were spontaneous,” said Knight.
Frechette's alleged involvement with the student was not a one time thing. According to the police report investigator's reviewed the victim's cell phone and found explicit messages. In March, the victim told police about an incident in December in which they claim Frechette performed a sexual act on them on a couch in the classroom.
“There was a pattern of activity that was very troublesome and that the family is very upset by. And, kids need to be protected by their teachers. They need to be nurtured by their teachers. They don't need to be exploited by their teachers,” said Knight.
Frechette has been on paid leave since the incident was reported in January. On Friday, interim Superintendent of New Haven Public Schools Reginald Mayo released a statement saying the district is moving forward with recommendations Frechette be terminated.
WTNH reached out to Frechette's lawayer for comment but has not heard back.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
April 28 TG Therapeutics Inc
* TG Therapeutics announces preliminary results from ongoing Phase 2 study of TG-1101 (ublituximab) in patients with multiple sclerosis at the American Academy of Neurology 69th annual meeting
* TG Therapeutics Inc - tg-1101 was well tolerated with no grade 3/4 adverse events reported, with median time on study of 5 months
* TG Therapeutics Inc - believe this Phase 2 trial sets stage for our Phase 3 program that we expect to commence in coming months
* TG Therapeutics Inc - MS patients treated with TG-1101 exhibited median B-cell depletion of 99 pct at week 4 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Time Warner Inc, which is being bought by AT&T, reported a 17.3 percent rise in profit, helped by the success of its releases "Kong: Skull Island" and "The Lego Batman Movie" in the first quarter.
The company's net income increased to $1.42 billion, or $1.80 per share, in the three months ended March. 31, from $1.21 billion, or $1.51 per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $7.74 billion from $7.31 billion.
Time Warner said on Wednesday it was on track to close its merger with AT&T before the end of 2017. U.S. President Donald Trump has, during their election campaign, opposed the $85.4 billion deal. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28 Concentric Ab
* Concentric awarded contract with leading global OEM of material handling equipment
* Says production has already started in Q1 of 2017 and is estimated to generate total worldwide revenues of approximately MSEK 45 over a 5 year period
* Says awarded contract from a leading global OEM of material tele-handlers, boom and vertical lifts to produce hydraulic power units (HPUs) for their next generation of material handling equipment. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
April 3 Pine Cliff Energy Ltd
* Pine Cliff Energy- at request of banking syndicate of canadian financial institutions, co has extended semi-annual borrowing base redetermination to april 13 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Members of Iraqi rapid response forces and a member of federal police gather next to a tank during a battle against Islamic State militants at the Bab al-Tob area in Mosul, Iraq, March 14, 2017. REUTERS/Ari Jalal
War nerds love tanks. The battlefield behemoths drove onto the scene in the early days of World War I, replaced the cavalry and became synonymous with war.
This week on the show, author Steven Zaloga walks us through the ins and outs of armored vehicles. They explain how the French Renault doesn't get enough credit, how the Sherman came to dominate Europe and how people always forget about the Russians.
It's everything you ever wanted to know about tanks but were afraid to ask on War College this week. How have wire-guided missiles changed the game? What's reactive armor and why does it explode? What, if any, is the point of tanks in low intensity warfare? And which tank can be called the best tank?
Smart homes integrate technology with our lifestyle to offer greater ease and comfort and provide enhanced benefits such as energy management and security. The latest home automation devices help to transform a house into a push button smart home
Smart Homes M2M Market Reports (2)
Contact
Jsb Market Research
Chetan Kamble
***@gmail.com Jsb Market ResearchChetan Kamble
End
--Smart homes integrate technology with our lifestyle to offer greater ease and comfort and provide enhanced benefits such as energy management and security. The latest home automation devices help to transform a house into a push button smart home that can be easily controlled with a tablet, computer, or a smartphone. Smart homes M2M deal with home automation facilities by connecting different kinds of machines and devices enabling remote monitoring and control. The technology imparts various benefits such as home care for elderly and disabled, energy efficiency, comfort, entertainment, safety and security.According to Jsb Market Research, it is estimated that the Smart Homes M2M Market will witness a CAGR of 28.1% during the forecast period 20172023. The hypergrowth of technologies such as IoT, artificial intelligence (AI), RFID, wearables, and cloud computing are supporting the adoption of these technologies in homes. The integration of technology with home appliances is leveraging ways to save energy, time, and cost.The high penetration of broadband network, growth in digital technology, adoption of Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, proliferation of smartphones and tablets and demand for energy efficient solutions in homes are driving the Smart Homes M2M Market growth. However, high upfront cost, lack of standards, and interoperability are acting as barriers to the market growth.Smart Homes: M2M Market Reports ( http://www.jsbmarketresearch.com/ technology/smart- homes-m... The Smart Homes M2M Market has been segmented and analyzed by the following geographic regions North America, Europe, APAC and the MEA region. Americas is the leading region for the Smart Homes M2M Market followed by Europe.North America is the worlds most advanced smart home market with an installed base of 12.7 million smart homes at the end of 2015, which is expected to increase to around 46.2 million by the end of 2020. Nearly 70% of household in Western Europe use Wi-Fi to manage energy. However, the adoption of ZigBee is increasing with an expectation to surpass Wi-Fi by the end of 2022. It is estimated that by 2020, around 2.5 million Western European household will be equipped with a smart home controller. The APAC region is growing at a high pace due to cloud-based technology, smart city initiatives, and increased penetration of wearables, especially in India, China, and Japan. The scenario in MEA is changing and expanding the market due to increased spending on smart community projects and increased adoption of sensor technology.The market has been segmented based on applications such as energy management & climate control system, healthcare system, home entertainment system, lighting control system, and security & access control system.The Smart Homes M2M Market has been segmented by the following connectivity technologies-Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Cellular Connectivity technologies.The key vendors offering solutions for smart homes include Google, Honeywell, Vodafone, Samsung, and Panasonic.Competitive benchmarking is done for the leading vendors based on key metrics- financial health, business units, business strategy etc.http://www.jsbmarketresearch.com/sample-request/smart-homes-m2m-market-global-drivers-restraints-opportunities-trends-and-forecasts-to-2023The study covers and analyzes the Smart Homes M2M Market. Bringing out the complete key insights of the industry, the report aims to provide an opportunity for players to understand the latest trends, current market scenario, government initiatives, and technologies related to the market. In addition, it helps the venture capitalist in understanding the companies better and take informed decisions.The report provides an in-depth analysis and forecast about the industry covering the following key features:The report not only highlights users conundrum (challenges and barriers to adopting smart homes M2M) but also brings in their perspective on the marketCovers the application segments: Lighting Control, Energy Management, Climate Control, Safety and Security, Healthcare, and OthersThe market has been analyzed by considering the key regions Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and MEAThe smart homes M2M market is analyzed based on connectivity technology (wired and wireless), applications, and regionsThe report analyzes the top 10 players in terms of market reach, business strategy, and business focusProvides an in-depth analysis of the key business opportunities in each application and technology typeStakeholders insights and key trends (current and future) of the marketJSB Market Research is one of the most significant databases of online market researches and intelligence reports and services. We specialize in providing(http://www.jsbmarketresearch.com/)for various industries. The online portal for marketing research deals with access to global market data and assists in providing expert insights and exposure on global companies, industries, products and trendsenquiry@jsbmarketresearch.comhttp://www.jsbmarketresearch.com/http://www.jsbmarketresearch.com/blog/
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: The company logo and trading information for BlackRock is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK BlackRock Inc (BLK.N), the world's biggest asset manager, on Wednesday reported double-digit profit gains as investors plowed money into lower-cost index funds, but the company's share price slipped as revenue fell short of analysts' expectations.
For graphic on BlackRock's growth paradox, click: tmsnrt.rs/2pDik4d
Revenues of $2.8 billion came in 2 percent below analysts' estimates as advisory and distribution fees declined. Chief Executive Officer Larry Fink said the miss was not attributable to the fees it charges for managing funds.
Nonetheless, while BlackRock's assets grew 22 percent from a year ago to $5.4 trillion, fees for managing those assets and lending out the securities grew by a smaller 12 percent.
"There is a greater belief that long-term returns are structurally lower than they were 10 and 20 years ago," Fink told analysts on a conference call. "Fees take up a lot of that return. And as long as we believe the world is going to be in a low-return environment, our clients are under a lot of pressure.
BlackRock shares closed down 1.7 percent.
"They have a history of exceeding expectations," said Macrae Sykes, an analyst at Gabelli & Co, which owns BlackRock shares. "This quarter they didn't."
Investors poured $82.2 billion into its index funds and iShares exchange-traded funds during the first quarter, while its pricier active funds posted $1.8 billion in withdrawals.
Financial markets traded vibrantly last quarter as a new U.S. president and congress took office, and investors tried to size up whether they would pass tax and other reforms that could give new life to an aging bull market in U.S. stocks.
Investors increasingly are choosing to make those bets - whether optimistic or pessimistic - using ETFs that track indexes at a relatively low cost.
Very few companies in the industry have been able to build a successful index fund franchise like iShares, and the flight of customers to lower-cost products has consequently squeezed margins.
BlackRock's net income rose to $862 million, or $5.23 per share as its tax rate declined in the first quarter ended March 31, from $657 million, or $3.92 per share, a year earlier.
Excluding items, it earned $5.25 per share, beating the $4.89 estimate of analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
PASSIVE
Last quarter, iShares and index funds brought in all of the net money that went into the BlackRock's "long-term" products, a grouping that excludes funds where investors park cash.
BlackRock has been pushing investors to use ETFs more often and in new ways. ETFs were initially seen as devices used to track stock indexes. But BlackRock has aggressively marketed fixed-income ETFs to institutions that normally use bonds.
That approach paid off. U.S.-based bond ETFs attracted record cash last quarter, according to researcher Morningstar Inc, and iShares took in $4 in $10 of that money.
BlackRock also created a low-cost lineup of 25 "Core" ETFs for everyday investors to use to build a basic portfolio. The funds compete on price with BlackRock's most aggressive price-slashing rivals, Vanguard Group and Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW.N).
Those 25 Core ETFs accounted for 54 percent of iShares inflows last quarter.
Yet success in that category has come at the cost of lowering fees, which BlackRock last did for Core in October.
In a sign of how high the bar is for growing in the ETF business, iShares' share of U.S. assets in that business has actually decreased to 39 percent, from a peak under BlackRock ownership of 47 percent. BlackRock bought iShares from Barclays PLC (BARC.L) in 2009.
ACTIVE
Last month, BlackRock said it would cut jobs and fees while relying more on computers to assemble its investment portfolios, a flurry of changes meant to jumpstart its lagging stockpicking franchise. The changes affect 11 percent of its $275 billion active stock fund business.
By BlackRock's own figures, 51 percent of assets in its traditionalist "Fundamental" active stock funds are lagging their benchmark over five years. That compares to 90 percent for BlackRock's data-driven "Scientific" funds and 88 percent for its taxable-bond funds.
It remains to be seen what effect the new changes will have. All else equal, cutting fees boosts performance.
But transferring management of some traditionalist funds to Scientific teams comes with its own risks, including scaring away existing investors, and creating a new reliance on computer models that may not deliver in increasingly competitive markets.
"They can't do anything about the environment for active management," said Tom Brakke, who consults asset managers.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Additional reporting by Diptendu Lahiri in Bengaluru, Simon Jessop and Maiya Keidan in London; Editing by Jennifer Ablan, Bernard Orr)
April 10 Hunan Er-kang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 18 percent to 38 percent, or to be 198.4 million yuan to 232.0 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (168.1 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of main business is main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mZPtjd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 28 Sirius Minerals Plc
* Announces its intention to apply for admission to listing of its ordinary shares on premium listing segment of official list of UK listing authority
* Company directors believe that a premium listing will support long-term strategy of company by providing company with a more appropriate platform for its growth
* Premium listing in keeping with nationally significant nature of company's north Yorkshire polyhalite project and market capitalisation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva)
The Mortgage Finance Fund (MFF) aims to complete financing worth EGP 10bn by mid-2017 as a first phase of the initiative of the Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) in order to activate the real estate financing sector, whereas the volume of granted financing has increased to nearly EGP 5bn.
The fund has offered financing worth EGP 1.1bn of support to about 59,000 customers in the social financing for low income individuals project, as the fund's available liquidity has reached EGP 401.8m until the last week of last month.
Daily News Egypt interviewed Mai Abdel Hameed, chairperson of the MFF, who stressed that the number of units to be implemented as part of the social housing project will exceed 600,000 units in 2017.
How does the fund contribute to the social housing project?
About 200,000 units were completed and are being allocated to customers who applied for the project through the banks taking part in the initiative launched by the CBE.
The number of customers who applied for the units in the projects is estimated at 748,000 clients.
The volume of finances offered by the CBE to clients of social housing with low income is estimated at EGP 4.7bn, as part of the initiative to activate the sector of real estate financing, estimated at EGP 10bn in the first phase.
The financing was distributed among 14 banks that offered financing to about 59,000 clients, including EGP 1.8bn to the Housing and Development Bank (HDB), EGP 1.2bn to the National Bank of Egypt (NBE), EGP 850m to Banque Misr, and EGP 428m to Banque du Caire.
The remaining amount was distributed among a number of private banks, including the Industrial Development and Workers Bank of Egypt (IDBE) with EGP 108m, the Egyptian Gulf Bank (EGB) with EGP 62m, the Commercial International Bank (CIB) with EGP 38m, the Arab Investment Bank (AIB) with EGP 40m, Blom Bank Egypt with EGP 40.5m, and the Arab African International Bank (AAIB) with EGP 26m.
What are the recent developments of the CBE's initiative to activate real estate financing?
The CBE launched an initiative worth EGP 10m to activate the real estate sector with a 7% interest for low-income individuals and 8% for medium-income individuals of units whose value is estimated at EGP 500,000. The bank also carried out an amendment to the initiative to increase the maximum value of financing to EGP 950,000 with an interest rate of 10.5%. It is expected that the second phase of the initiative will include another EGP 10bn.
The number of customers who obtained financing from the fund exceeded 65,000, including 6,580 customers in the projects of government housing before launching the CBE's initiative in 2014.
The initiative's financing is continuously increasing, as during the first year it reached EGP 154m provided to 2,795 customers through seven banks. In 2015, the number reached EGP 1.1bn provided to 14,000 customers from 12 banks, then in 2016 the number reached EGP 3.5bn provided to 42,000 customers through 14 banks.
What is the value of support provided by the fund?
It has increased from EGP 53m in 2014 to EGP 289m in 2015, then EGP 758m in 2016.
The financed customers have applied to obtain the units after the first seven advertisements of the social housing project for low-income individuals with a total of 85,000 units in new cities and governorates.
The liquidity available at the MFF is estimated at EGP 401.8m after it received the third instalment of the World Bank loan worth EGP 100m.
The MFF has already received the first two instalments of the World Bank loan worth $200m. The Ministry of Finance will be repaying it over 35 years with an eight-year grace period.
The fund needs about EGP 1bn-1.5bn annually in order to support winners of the project, and will provide resources through the Social Housing Fund, which was established to provide necessary financing for the project's implementation.
The fund has recently obtained the first instalment, worth $125m from a loan worth $500m for the benefit of the Social Housing Fund, obtained from the World Bank in order to support the rent and owners in the projects.
The CBE approved a number of facilitations to finance the winners of the social housing units, including unified articles to deal with customers' files and accept financing all the professions of those who applied in the project and beneficiaries of pensions. Maximum financing for a housing unit will be 85% of its value.
The CBE has generalised the growing instalment condition, which allows increasing the value of financing in the case of depending on fixed instalments for 20 years. This will allow many customers to deal with an advance of a limited value of 15% of the unit's price if their age allows financing for 20 years, and if they did not have any other banking commitments.
The CBE provided banks with a period to adjust circumstances for three months in order for banks to change their credit policy to reflect these changes.
The CBE continues to provide financing with a return of 5-7% according to the level of income with the large increase of interest rates, which reached 20% in a period of less than 20 years.
What are your plans for the fund during the upcoming phase?
The MFF aims to increase the amount of the financing provided through the CBE's initiative to EGP 10bn by mid-2017 after nearing the limit of EGP 5bn in the last week of December.
The fund has contracted with 15 companies to inquire about applicants, including Financial Business, Target Marketing, Global Academy, and others.
The board of the fund had earlier decided to increase the maximum income of applicants to EGP 42,000 annually for families, while a single family receives EGP 3,500 per month, and a single individual receives EGP 30,000 annually, which is equivalent to EGP 2,500 per month.
The modification was carried out in coordination with the CBE, which has recently modified its real estate financing initiative and let the fund decide on the minimum and maximum limit of income, as well as the prices of units to be supported.
Are you thinking of increasing the maximum support provided to residential units?
The fund has decided to increase the maximum support of units to EGP 165,000 for fully finished units, and EGP 140,000 for half-finished units. The interest rate was decreased for the classes with a minimum limit of EGP 1,400 per month to 5% annually.
About 375,000 individuals applied for the units of the eighth project of social housing, including 133,000 competing on 100,000 in the final phases of finishing and 242,000 applied for 400,000 units to be delivered within a year.
The number of accepted applications reached more than 330,000 applications, as applications requested the continuation of the second phase in Dahshour in 6th of October City, and transition requests from El Salam and New Cairo to Badr, 15 May, and El Shorouk to more than 77,000 requests.
Do you plan to add new branches to serve citizens?
The fund decided to open customer service offices at the headquarters of the New Salheya city agency, whereas New Damietta will be added to the current headquarters in 15 May, and the executive agency of the housing project for youth in El Shorouk, in addition to the agencies of El Sadat City and New Assiut.
The number of calls received on the customer service lines reached 2.2m since June 2015, where 1.7m calls were answered. During the last month, the answering rate increased to 98% after increasing the number of lines to 100, distributed on three numbers, in addition to the text message service.
The number of applicants to book 20,000 units launched by the Ministry of Housing for members of trade unions reached 16,000. The fund started sorting the documents of applicants in preparation for announcing the winners and implementing the allocation of the units.
The fund specified several circumstances to provide these members with the units, including the availability of a number of units exceeding the number of applicants, or establishing units for the required numbers, providing the necessary files for booking the units, as each union will collect fees from applicants to ensure their seriousness. A file then is created for each customer. It includes all the required documents.
The bank then revises all the data received from unions and determines the groups of eligible applicants. A query of the work and residential place is carried out, and based on that the support from the fund is provided.
The MFF will finish the project it is implementing in Suez by mid-2017. It includes 1,532 units worth EGP 145m.
The area of each unit is 70 sqm, and will be delivered to customers half-finished, allocated for newly married couples. The construction department in the Ministry of Housing will handle the offering process.
The area of the land of the project is 10 acres in the area of Ataqa; however, the fund acquired the land from the governorate for free.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TDC:
* REPORTING OF MANAGERS' TRANSACTIONS IN TDC-SHARES
* SAYS CEO OF TDC NORWAY AND GET SELLS 1.2 MILLION SHARES IN COMPANY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
ATHENS, April 6 The European Central Bank maintained the cap on emergency liquidity assistance (ELA) Greek banks draw from the domestic central bank at 46.6 billion euros ($49.59 billion), the Bank of Greece said on Thursday.
The move reflected liquidity conditions in Greece's banking system, taking into account private sector deposit flows, it said. The ELA ceiling is valid up to April 27.
Greek banks have relied on emergency liquidity assistance (ELA) since February 2015 after being cut off from the ECB's funding window. Emergency funding is more costly than borrowing directly from the ECB.
In June last year the ECB reinstated Greek banks' access to its cheap funding operations, allowing lenders to reduce their dependence on the emergency liquidity lifeline.
ELA funding to Greek lenders rose by 300 million euros, or 0.7 percent to 43.1 billion euros at the end of February compared to the previous month. (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou, Theodora Arvanitidou)
(Adds details, background)
SYDNEY, March 29 Australian retail group Premier Investments Ltd on Wednesday said it had purchased a 10.8 percent stake in department store owner Myer Holdings Ltd , but added it had no plans to make a takeover offer at this time.
Shares in Myer, Australia's biggest department store operator by sales with a market value of A$980 million ($748.23 million), surged 18 percent on Monday after about 10 percent of the stock changed hands in a single trade. That sparked speculation of corporate activity.
At Monday's price, Premier bought the stake for around A$100 million, according to Reuters calculations.
Premier's largest shareholder is Century Plaza Investments, whose director and major shareholder is Australian retail magnate Solomon Lew, a former chairperson of Myer's predecessor Coles Myer.
Lew has previously used shareholdings to gain leverage in takeover situations, including David Jones and Country Road.
Lew bought a 9.9 percent stake in rival department store owner David Jones before it was taken over by South Africa's Woolworths Holdings Ltd in 2014.
Myer shares closed down 0.4 percent on Wednesday before the announcement from Premier. A Myer spokesperson could not be immediately reached for comment.
($1 = 1.3098 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Randy Fabi)
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
March 29 B&G Foods Inc
* B&G Foods announces pricing of public offering of senior notes
* B&G Foods- Pricing of registered public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025
* B&G Foods Inc - Priced offering of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due 2025 at price to public of 100% of their face value Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KTM INDUSTRIES AG:
* ‍TAKEOVER BID FOR REVOCATION OF ADMISSION TO TRADE SHARES OF PANKL RACING SYSTEMS AG​
* OFFER PRICE: EUR 42,18 PER PANKL-SHARE
* ‍OFFER PRICE AMOUNTS TO EUR 42.18 CUM DIVIDEND 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L) said on Tuesday that James Lupton, chairperson of investment bank Greenhill's European arm, will be joining its board.
Lupton, who is a member of Britain's upper parliamentary chamber the House of Lords, is also named as chairperson designate of the group's non-ring-fenced bank - a unit being established as part of industry reforms to separate lenders' retail divisions from other parts of their businesses.
They will take up their role from June 1 and also join the bank's risk and audit committees.
(Reporting by Rachel Armstrong)
Mansfield Town were involved in a game that few will forget after last night's 4-4 home draw with Accrington.
Yoann Arquin rescued Mansfield Town an unlikely point against bogey side Accrington.
Mansfield v Accrington Stanley. Second half substitute, Yoann Arquin celebrates scoring the Stags' equaliser to tie the score at 4-4.
The sub bagged a 90th minute leveller just as Stags fans looked set for heartbreak at Valentine's Night to spark wild scenes.
Twice the struggling visitors opened out two-goal leads, but Mansfield, despite never hitting their recent heights and showing some uncharacteristic poor defending, also displayed a never-say-die attitude in a thriller.
Stags' other scorers were Rhys Bennett, Hayden White and a Shaq Coulthirst penalty.
LONDON Greece and its foreign creditors reached a deal early this morning on a package of reforms, a long-awaited agreement that paves the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds.
The deal covers labour and energy reforms as well as pension cuts and tax rises - all of which Greece now needs to legislate before a May 22 meeting of euro zone finance ministers to approve loans which Athens needs to repay 7.5 billion euros in debt maturing in July.
While that averts the latest crisis point in the Greek saga, that same Eurogroup meeting is also due to discuss the fundamental issue of whether Greece should be relieved of more of its existing debt mountain. What is Berlin's position on that, and is the International Monetary Fund on board?
Underlining their growing diplomatic clout, Russian President Vladimir Putin has talks with the Western world's two most important leaders today - Donald Trump by telephone and Germany's Angela Merkel face-to-face in Sochi. Merkel is visiting Russia to prepare for the G20 summit in July and to discuss conflicts in Syria and Ukraine; the White House said the focus of the Trump-Putin call would be Syria, where Moscow backs the government of Bashar al-Assad and the United States supports rebels trying to overthrow him.
After the controversy last year that surfaced when chunks of a Michelle Obama speech re-surfaced in Melania Trump's headline address to a Republican convention, Marine Le Pen seems to have gone one step further yesterday and lifted an entire section of a speech by their one-time presidential rival Francois Fillon two weeks ago.
Social media have spliced together videos of the two speeches side-by-side which show Le Pen repeating almost word-for-word Fillon's homage to France's historic and geographical advantages. A National Front official has rejected the charge of plagiarism, being quoted as insisting Le Pen merely was giving "a nod to a short passage in a speech about France".
MARKETS AT 0655 GMT
As Wall St's ‘fear index' of implied equity market volatility hit its lowest level in 10 years on Monday, U.S. technology shares took off - with the Nasdaq and its bellwethers of Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft and Facebook all hitting record highs. That may seem puzzling looking at the sub-forecast April economic surveys stateside, but with Apple due to report Q1 earnings later, the equity market mood is buoyant.
Based on earnings reported so far, annual profit growth at S&P500 companies was running at a whopping 13.6 percent during the first three months. And that's all without the promised big corporate tax cuts.
Similarly in Asia, relatively downbeat Chinese business surveys for last month have done little to dampen the broader mood. Shanghai and HK shares ended a touch lower, but Tokyo's Nikkei225 and Seoul's Kospi closed about 0.7 percent higher. European stock futures are a touch higher too.
As most of Europe returns from the May 1 bank holiday and heads into the final week of the French election campaign, euro/dollar is steady just above $1.09. The latest opinion polls still have centrist Macron winning the runoff with anywhere between 59 and 61 percent of the vote.
Greek debt markets were unchanged after news the country and its lenders has reached a long-awaited deal on bailout reforms – paving the way for the disbursement of more rescue funds and reducing fears of another tense summer standoff.
Bond markets were eyeing comments from U.S. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, who said the government was looking at selling ultra-long bonds beyond 30-year maturities – comments which sent the 30-year yield to a three-week high. Sterling was only a touch weaker against the dollar after weekend reports that last week's meeting between UK Prime Minister May and the EU chiefs on starting Brexit talks went poorly. Brent crude was steady at $51.40.
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
WASHINGTON, April 3 A meeting of the Washington-based Organization of American States to discuss Venezuela's political crisis on Monday has been canceled, a spokesperson for the regional group said.
"The meeting for today has been canceled, we were notified by the permanent council," the spokesperson said, without giving details on why the meeting was called off.
However, the cancellation of the meeting comes as Bolivia, an ally of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, assumed the chair on Monday of the OAS permanent council, which was meant to debate the crisis.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
JD Wetherspoons has called time on a habit popular with many customers - asking staff to charge their mobile phones behind the bar.
The popular pub chain - famed for its curry club, fish Fridays and cut-price booze - have reportedly had enough of punters taking advantage of their hospitality by asking staff to juice up their mobiles at the bar.
And now they're introducing a nationwide ban.
A Wetherspoon spokesperson said: "The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there.
"We also do not want the hassle of phones being handed over the bar for charging.
"If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager."
The statement implies that Wetherspoons would prefer if nobody charged their phone at the bar - but that specific pubs will decide for themselves.
So there you have it: if you're heading to Wetherspoons and planning on checking emails, surfing the internet, or maybe even tweeting a picture of your burger and pint, make sure your phone is fully charged.
Last week, Wetherspoons was accused of ripping off customers by charging twice as much at airport branches.
The pub chain - which has over 1,000 branches around the country - charges just £2.95 for a children's breakfast on the high street, but as much as £6.05 at Stansted airport.
Its traditional breakfast, meanwhile, costs £4.95 in a high street branch and £9.65 at London's Stansted.
A Wetherspoon spokesperson said: “There is a mark up between our high street pubs, mainly as a result in the difference between rent and rates.
“Airports are at the top end of the scale in respect of these costs.”
April 6 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
THE GLOBE AND MAIL
** Ottawa and the provinces are poised to unveil a sweeping agreement to liberalize interprovincial trade. tgam.ca/2nGHsop
** The Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board said on Wednesday it would launch a partnership to buy and build retail-focused developments across India. tgam.ca/2nGVPsV
** Hudson's Bay Co is looking to further slash costs and spending in what it says will be a major reinvention of its business as it steels itself for more tough times in the department-store sector. tgam.ca/2nH6tQr
NATIONAL POST
** Pamir Hakimzadah is to appear in Ontario court on Thursday to face a single count of leaving Canada to join the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. bit.ly/2nGCOH0 (Compiled by Gaurika Juneja in Bengaluru)
March 28 VGP NV:
* VGP NV raises 80 million euros ($86.8 million) with bond issue
* Has successfully closed private offer in Belgium for bonds for an amount of 80 million euros
* 3.35 percent bonds, with a maturity date in 2025, will be issued on 30 March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9216 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Britain Football Soccer - Cardiff City v Newcastle United - Sky Bet Championship - Cardiff City Stadium - 28/4/17 Cardiff City's Aron Gunnarsson waves to fans during a lap of honour at the end of the match Mandatory Credit: Action Images / Andrew Boyers Livepic
LONDON Newcastle United kept alive their slender hopes of winning England's Championship (second division) title on Friday when two goals in 10 minutes from Christian Atsu and Isaac Hayden gave them a 2-0 win at Cardiff in their penultimate game of the season.
The win put already-promoted Newcastle one point behind leaders Brighton & Hove Albion. The south-coast club can snatch the crown with a game to spare if they win at home to Bristol City on Saturday.
Newcastle, along with Premier League club West Ham United, had their offices raided on Wednesday by tax investigators who said they had arrested several men for suspected Income Tax and National Insurance fraud.
The Magpies put the off-field problems behind them on Friday to dominate the second half against Cardiff, with Atsu scoring from a free kick in the 55th and Hayden making it 2-0 with a swerving shot from 20 metres 10 minutes later.
(Writing by Clare Fallon; Editing by Larry Fine)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
West Bromwich Albion have picked up some decent results in the recent weeks, but they still find themselves at the bottom of the league table.
This is a massive weekend for them as they host Southampton in a relegation six-pointer at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
The Baggies lost 3-0 at league-leaders Manchester City on Wednesday, but before that result, they had picked up four points from their previous two games. Last week, Alan Pardew's side produced quite a shock by defeating Liverpool 3-2 in an FA Cup tie at Anfield.
Daniel Sturridge, loan-signing from Liverpool, made their debut from the bench in the defeat to City, and they could earn their first start for the Baggies on Saturday.
Despite the recent improvement in performances, the Baggies still find themselves at the bottom of the table with 20 points – four points behind the safety.
The Saints are not doing much better themselves and they are placed 18th in the table with 23 points. On Wednesday, they could only manage a 1-1 draw in the home game with Brighton.
The South Coast side can't seem to finish games this season, and they haven't managed a win in their last 12 leagues games.
Earlier this season, the Saints claimed a 1-0 win over their opponents at St Mary's Stadium. That result was one of the four league wins they have managed this season.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Match Facts
The Baggies have won just one of their last five league meetings with the Saints. 1W 1D 3L
The Baggies have just one win in their last 23 league games.
The Saints have drawn their last three games in the league.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Team News
Nacer Chaldi and James Morrison will miss out for the Baggies, and there are doubts over Jonny Evans, Kieran Gibbs, Jake Livermore and Hal Robson-Kanu.
Charlie Austin is a certain absence for the visitors, while Sam McQueen and Manolo Gabbiadini are doubts.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Match Odds
The Baggies are slight favourites to win and they are available at their best odds of 31/20 at Bet365. We are going for a home win in this fixture as our prediction.
In other outcomes, an away win is available at 85/40 odds at BetVictor, and a draw is priced at 9/4 odds at Unibet.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Correct Score Odds
A 1-1 draw is the most likely result in the betting market at the best odds of 11/2 at William Hill. However, we are going for a 2-1 home win as our prediction, and this bet is available at 10/1 odds at Bet365.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Anytime Goalscorer Odds
Baggies' new-signing Daniel Sturridge is the favourite to score at their best odds of 23/10 at Paddypower. We are backing the Englishman as our prediction in this game.
For the visitors, their own new-signing, Guido Carrillo is the favourite score at 12/5 odds at Bet365.
West Bromwich Albion vs Southampton – Total Goals Over/Under Odds
We are expecting to see at least three goals in the game, and thus, we are going for over 2.5 goals as our prediction. This bet is available at the best odds of 10/7 at Unibet.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Luton slipped to their first defeat of the season at the weekend, as Jack Taylor's stoppage time strike saw Barnet triumph 1-0 at the Hive. Here's how the Town players rated on the day.
Marek Stech: 7 - Keeper looked solid as they commanded their area well and was always quick to throw out to their full backs, trying to put the visitors on the front foot. No real chance to keep out last-gasp winner either.
Jack Stacey: 6.5 - Decent enough showing as they made their way over the half way line when possible, creating a good chance for Mpanzu early on.
Dan Potts: 7 - Came closest to breaking the deadlock when their excellent header was superbly tipped on to the bar by Stephens. Neat and tidy in possession without ever really bombing on.
Scott Cuthbert: 6 - Looked to be relishing their battle against Coulthirst until 20 minutes in and they were forced to go off injured with what was later revealed to be tight abductor.
Alan Sheehan: 7.5 - Defender impressed on the ball as they allowed the midfielders plenty of early possession. Their set-pieces were the main avenue that Town looked like scoring from too.
Alan McCormack: 6.5 - Continued to show the steel they will add as got stuck in and was constantly in referee Kevin Johnson's ear. Lost the ball for winner, but will feel hard done by not to have been awarded a free kick.
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu (STAR MAN): 8 - Midfielder was by far the best of the bunch with a whole-hearted display full of energy. Did their work defensively and went on a number of runs to cause panic to the heart of Barnet's defence. Unlucky to be on losing side.
Olly Lee: 6 - Never really looked like equalling their career-changing performance here from last season as Luton didn't retain possession as much as they wanted to in the attacking areas.
Andrew Shinnie: 5.5 - Another who didn't come anywhere near to matching their heights from Yeovil hammering. Couldn't break free from the tight marking Barnet deployed and might need some new boots as couldn't keep their footing throughout.
James Collins: 6 - After their treble the weekend before, was restricted to barely a shot in anger this time out as they were well marshalled by the home defence, with clear-cut opportunities at a bare minimum.
Isaac Vassell: 6 - Had the odd moment when they could sprint on to a ball over the top, but Barnet had done their homework on them and once they claimed possession the move more often than not broke down.
Glen Rea (SUB): 6.5 - Early introduction for Cuthbert and they made some good clearances. Could consider themselves lucky to avoid red after a very strong challenge on goalscorer Taylor.
Jordan Cook (SUB): 5 - On to try and fashion a winner but never got into the game.
Elliot Lee: (SUB): 6 - Almost rescued a point only to see Stephens tip their goalbound header over.
LONDON, March 31 Frontier equity indexes are about to lose two of their biggest and most liquid markets, Pakistan and Argentina, a change that may deepen disenchantment with an asset class where investment flows have stagnated in recent years.
Once-vaunted frontier markets -- encompassing riskier African, Latin American and Asian countries plus some small developed ones such as Slovenia and Lithuania -- have seen share listings, trading volumes and returns all broadly fall short of expectations, according to many investors.
About $6.4 billion is currently under management with frontier equity funds, down from over $8 billion in 2014, says fund research firm eVestment. If the main index serving these markets loses Pakistan, Argentina and Nigeria, funds could be left with far fewer investable stocks, in countries like the Ivory Coast and Jordan.
"The index is already a little bit skewed and not very attractive as a basket of stocks to invest in ... The removal of Pakistan, and maybe Argentina will make it more and more irrelevant," said George Birch Reynardson, who runs a frontier fund at Somerset Capital.
In its May index review, MSCI will move Pakistan from "frontier" to "emerging" markets, a segment comprising larger, more liquid developing economies such as Brazil or Russia. Pakistan has a nearly 10 percent weighting in the parent frontier index.
MSCI is also consulting on whether Argentina, with an around 17 percent weight, should follow suit after it abolished capital controls and opened access to its markets. Nigeria, which comprises another 10th, could be ejected altogether due to capital controls.
Once Pakistan goes, the parent MSCI frontier index -- containing around 124 stocks from 30 countries -- will be more than a fifth weighted to Kuwait.
Fellow index provider S&P Dow Jones Indices will reclassify Pakistan from frontier to emerging from September.
The rejigs will complicate fund strategies.
Steven Holden of Copley Fund Research tracks 25 active frontier funds with assets of $5.1 billion. They estimate they have an average weighting of 15.5 percent in Pakistan and 9.5 percent in Argentina, with MSCI's Frontier Index the dominant benchmark.
STALLING PROGRESS
The frontier markets moniker was coined in the 1990s by the World Bank's International Financing Corp, but index compilers S&P Dow Jones and MSCI launched trackable indices from 2007.
MSCI's index soared 42 percent in 2007, prompting the launch of scores of specialised funds hoping for outsized returns from small but fast-growing economies where rising incomes would spur demand for mobile phones and cars.
The expectation was these countries would follow the path trodden by the likes of Brazil and Russia, attaining full-fledged emerging markets status as their markets became bigger, more liquid, and with greater foreign participation.
Inflows and assets under management rose steeply from 2012 but peaked in late 2014 and have not recovered, according to Copley Fund Research.
A decade after its launch, just $10 billion is benchmarked to MSCI's frontier index versus almost $2 trillion following the emerging index.
That is partly because there are far fewer listed companies. Frontier markets saw 59 initial public offerings raising $8 billion in 2007 compared to 16 listings raising under $800 million last year, according to ThomsonReuters data.
One factor could be low commodity prices. But it also mirrors broader emerging equities where funds suffered losses and outflows in 2011-2015 amid faltering growth and reforms.
"There was a lot of excitement about the size of the GDP that would come to market, but generally it hasn't in frontier markets, and to some extent in emerging markets," said John-Paul Smith, founder of consultancy Ecstrat, who in 2010 correctly called the underperformance of emerging equities.
Index changes will push funds to look beyond the benchmarks, Smith said, describing MSCI's frontier index as "absurd". But while frontier markets had not delivered, they added, some of the funds have -- "a critical distinction to make."
LIQUIDITY
MSCI's response to losing Pakistan has been to lower the market cap a company needs to qualify for some of its frontier indexes, including the Frontier Markets 100 index, containing the largest and most liquid stocks.
But smaller companies usually trade less, making it hard for bigger funds to transact.
Pakistan and Argentina each have a market capitalisation of $80-$100 billion -- a fraction of India's $750 billion or Russia's $525 billion but huge compared to most frontiers.
Georgia is mentioned by some investors as a possible contender for MSCI inclusion. Yet Tblisi's stock exchange has a market cap under $750 million and often turns over just $100 a day.
Investors still urge MSCI to expand the index. Robeco frontier fund manager Cornelis Vlooswijk argues once new countries join and existing ones like Kenya get bigger weightings, the asset class will grow.
"It is a bit of a chicken and egg story -- MSCI is normally pointing to the fact that their liquidity is low - but of course if you are not in an index, than liquidity is lower than most of the index names." (Editing by Catherine Evans)
April 6 Canadian media company Corus Entertainment Inc on Thursday reported an 86 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by higher income from its television business.
Net income attributable to shareholders fell to C$24.9 million, or 12 Canadian cents per share in the second quarter ended Feb. 28, from C$102.2 million, or C$1.17 per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to C$368.2 million from C$197.7 million. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru)
Dustin Johnson of the U.S. talks to members of the media after they pulled out of the tournament due to injury during first round play at the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
WILMINGTON, North Carolina World number one Dustin Johnson returns to competitive action at this week's Wells Fargo Championship needing a win to join an elite group that includes some of the game's greatest players.
Johnson has been sidelined due to a freak accident on the eve of last month's U.S. Masters but a triumph at Eagle Point would make them only the fifth golfer in PGA Tour history to win four or more consecutive starts.
Should Johnson prevail over a field that includes five-times major winner Phil Mickelson and world number 11 Adam Scott, they would be the first player to record four consecutive victories on the PGA Tour since Tiger Woods in 2007-08.
"No one's beaten me since February," a grinning Johnson, who grew up in nearby South Carolina, told a news conference on Wednesday. "I was on a good roll, playing the best golf of my career leading into Augusta.
"Obviously I haven't played much or done a whole lot of practising, but the body's all good ... I've practiced enough to compete."
Byron Nelson set the tour record for with 11 successive victories in 1945, while Woods, Ben Hogan and Jack Burke Jr. are the only other players with at least four.
While Johnson has been focused on healing their badly bruised back since slipping on a staircase in Augusta, former world number one Scott has been enjoying time with their wife and young daughter in Sweden.
"I put a lot into my game the month leading into the Masters," said Scott, who finished equal ninth at Augusta. "I needed a break. Felt I needed to see my family and spend some good time with them.
"Then last week was a really intense week with training and getting myself back competitive again, fired up to play this week and next (at the Players Championship), and have a short three-week focus of putting in the hard yards and trying to get a result."
Eagle Point is being used for the event this year because the regular venue, Quail Hollow in Charlotte, is hosting the PGA Championship, the year's final major, in August.
The course is unfamiliar to most of a field that includes defending champion James Hahn and eight of the world's top 20 golfers and has required more preparation than usual ahead of Thursday's opening round.
"I'm still, after two looks at the course, trying to figure out exactly how to go about it," said Scott.
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia playmaker Kurtley Beale is rushing to be fit in time for the Wallabies' Rugby Championship opener against the All Blacks in Sydney next week, the team have said.
Beale injured their hamstring playing for English club Wasps in May before they returned to Australia and was named in Michael Cheika's squad for the southern hemisphere championship.
"Things are tracking nicely, but whether he's right to go or not, we'll have to wait and see next week," assistant coach Stephen Larkham told Australia's Fairfax Media on Sunday.
"He's trained every day and he's trained exceptionally well but we haven't made selections as a coaching group. You want to see how they pull up over the weekend and how they come in on Monday."
If fit, the 28-year-old is likely to rekindle their former New South Wales Waratahs combination with flyhalf Bernard Foley against the world champions, giving Cheika a dual playmaking option.
Larkham said that while the length of time Beale has been off the field would be a factor in their thinking when they named their side for the Aug. 19 clash, the fact that 'KB' had been training well removed some doubts about their readiness.
"There would be a risk with anyone coming back after that period of time and particularly if they didn't train well," Larkham said. "But KB has been one of our best trainers out there.
"He's played with a number of these guys before and the combination out there on the field looks very natural for him.
"If they were down on fitness or strength or confidence, there'd be concern, but he's not showing any of that at the moment."
Larkham was not overly concerned about the lack of a specialist backup to Foley at flyhalf in the absence of the dropped Quade Cooper. Beale or Melbourne Rebels' Reece Hodge could slot into that spot in the event of an injury to the Waratahs' pivot, they said.
"There's enough coverage there," added Larkham.
"KB can play 10 and Hodgey can play 10, so there's two back-up 10s there. Depending on selections, you're looking at Bernard as our number one five-eighth at this stage.
"Hodgey has been training in and out of 10. The combination is working well."
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
An aircraft comes in to land at Heathrow Airport in London, Britain, February 23, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Boyers
LONDON Shareholders in Britain's biggest airport Heathrow will invest a further 650 million pounds ($807 million) in the hub, the airport said on Thursday.
The airport said in a statement Heathrow's shareholders had progressed plans to invest the money over the course of 2019.
Heathrow CEO John Holland-Kaye said that the announcement was "great news for Heathrow passengers and for Britain."
Heathrow delivered a record number of passengers in 2016, and Britain in February outlined plans for a third runway, which will enhance its status as Britain's main airport.
Qatar is a major shareholder in Heathrow, holding 20 percent of the unlisted airport. Earlier in the week it pledged $6 billion of investments in Britain, ahead of Britain's formal notice of its withdrawal from the European Union on Wednesday.
"Our investment in Heathrow is much more than just an investment in one of the world's great airports – it's an investment in Britain's connections to the world," Sheikh Abdulla Bin Mohammed Bin Saud Al-Thani, Chief Executive Officer of Qatar Investment Authority, said in a statement.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout, editing by David Evans)
BEIJING, April 6 China's Ant Financial tried to soothe security concerns about its proposed $880 million takeover MoneyGram International Inc on Thursday, saying it intends to store U.S. user data locally once the deal closes.
The finance affiliate of Internet giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will meet MoneyGram's existing security infrastructure standards and invest in U.S. jobs, Ant's head of international strategy Douglas Feagin said.
"Any data collected on MoneyGram users in the U.S. will continue to reside on the same ironclad U.S.-based servers that meet the high security standards your customers trust today," Feagin said in an open letter.
Ant agreed to buy MoneyGram in January, but last month Kansas-based Euronet Worldwide Inc made a rival offer and called on the U.S. government to scrutinise Ant's bid over "significant national security risks."
Euronet chief Michael Brown said Chinese ownership could compromise the relationship between law enforcement and MoneyGram when investigating money laundering and "terrorist financing".
But Feagin said on Thursday that Ant plans to invest in global compliance measures and anti-money laundering programs.
Ant's bid comes amid heightened tension between China and the United States over trade. It will be subject to a review by the Committee on Foreign Investment CFIUS), a U.S. inter-agency panel that reviews foreign acquisitions for national security risks which has scuttled recent Chinese deals.
Dallas-based MoneyGram is one of the biggest firms in the global remittance market, offering services in around 350,000 stores across 200 countries. It would provide Ant with a coveted network of financial partnerships and form a lynchpin in their international strategy.
Over the past six months Ant has acquired strategic interests in payment firms in Thailand, South Korea and the Philippines, adding to existing investments in India. It plans to announce at least two further deals in Asia this year.
Euronet's initial proposal is valued at about $1 billion and MoneyGram has said it will carefully consider the offer. (Reporting by Cate Cadell; Editing by Alexander Smith)
* Govt. illegally delayed energy efficiency norms-US states
* Investors fret over govt's ability to deliver on reforms
* All major S&P sectors lower, led by financials
* Earnings season, Trump-Xi meeting also in focus
* Indexes down: Dow 0.52 pct, S&P 0.63 pct, Nasdaq 0.60 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 3 Wall Street fell on Monday after some U.S. states accused President Donald Trump's administration of illegally delaying certain energy efficiency standards, casting further doubt over the government's ability to deliver on its promised reforms.
A coalition of U.S. states and municipalities began legal action against Trump's administration, saying its delay of energy efficiency standards for several consumer and commercial products violated federal law.
The move comes barely two weeks after the administration had to pull legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system.
Trump's campaign promises to cut tax, ease regulations and spend more on infrastructure had driven Wall Street to record highs. However, after the administration's recent legislative setbacks, investors are worried when and if these promises will be fulfilled.
"It doesn't feel like the market is in panic, just that it is reassessing what the expectations were, and the expectations were we were going to get a lot of reforms quickly, and now it's clear that we're not," said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O'Neil Securities in New York.
"That, coupled with coming into earnings and tax season, Trump over the weekend trying to pound their chest over North Korea ... that creates anxiety in the market."
Trump held out the possibility on Sunday of using trade as a lever to secure China's cooperation against North Korea, in comments that appeared designed to pressure Chinese President Xi Jinping ahead of their first meeting with Trump later this week.
Investors are waiting to see if corporate reports in the impending earnings season justify the lofty valuations. The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, above its long-term average of 15.
At 11:56 a.m. ET (1556 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 108.03 points, or 0.52 percent, at 20,555.19, the S&P 500 was down 14.85 points, or 0.63 percent, at 2,347.87 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 35.62 points, or 0.6 percent, at 5,876.11.
The CBOE Volatility index, known as Wall Street's 'fear gauge' was up at 13.34 points, on track to rise for the third straight trading day.
All 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, led by the financial index's 1.3 percent drop.
"The banks faced issues like slowdown in commercial lending growth this quarter. Investors think that the banks have not done quite well this quarter," said Stephen Biggar, an analyst with Argus Research.
Tesla shares gained as much as 5.7 percent to a record high after the electric carmaker reported record first-quarter vehicle deliveries.
But, other automakers fell after reporting March sales that came in below market expectations. GM dropped 3.7 percent, Fiat Chrysler sank 5 percent, while Ford was off 2.4 percent.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,869 to 1,020. On the Nasdaq, 2,010 issues fell and 757 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 17 52-week highs and five lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 69 highs and 22 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; additional reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
* Apple suppliers fall on weak iPhone sales
* Novo Nordisk jumps on profit beat
* Profit outlook rosier for Fresenius
* Hugo Boss drops as online sales disappoint
* Miners at four-month low (ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
By Helen Reid
LONDON, May 3 European shares slipped slightly from the 20-month highs they hit in the previous session, as investors locked in some profits following some underwhelming company results.
Europe's STOXX 600 index was down 0.14 percent by 0925 GMT. France's CAC 40 and Germany's DAX fell 0.3 and 0.2 percent, retreating from their highs.
Shares in several Apple suppliers fell after the smartphone giant reported a surprise dip in sales of its flagship iPhone.
Dialog Semiconductor shares slid 2.9 percent at the open. They had plummeted 14 percent in April on fears over Apple bringing some of its components in-house.
"Dialog has been trying to diversify for a number of years to different sources, but unfortunately if your key relationship is with Apple and that's because you have got great products, there's risk and opportunity very closely aligned in that," said Neil Campling, technology analyst at Northern Trust.
Peers AMS and STMicro also fell 2 and 1.7 percent respectively.
Shares in German luxury retailer Hugo Boss dropped 6 percent, set for their worst day in nearly six months after online sales fell 27 percent due to fewer visitors to its website.
German bluechip automakers Daimler and BMW were also on the backfoot after a disappointing set of April auto sales in the U.S. Daimler shares fell about 1 percent.
Gains among healthcare stocks supported the index.
Fresenius touched a record high, up 3.3 percent, after it raised its 2017 profit forecast after demand for its generic infusion drugs boosted first-quarter income 28 percent.
"We do not believe investors were anticipating another guidance raise and will be relieved by the Kabi strength," said UBS analysts, referring to the company's infusion segment.
Danish drugmaker Novo Nordisk jumped to the top of the STOXX 600 table, up 7 percent after it beat estimates for first-quarter profit and nudged up its full-year outlook.
Elsewhere, underwhelming results weighed on Finland's Nokian Tyres, down 4.8 percent after it missed estimates for operating profit.
Temporary power supplier Aggreko fell 3.5 percent after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock, saying the company's diversification into new fuel types and technologies was 'unproven'.
Elsewhere, Centamin fell 4.4 percent after posting a 28 percent fall in first-quarter pretax profit. It dragged Europe's miners down 1.7 percent to a four-month low.
First-quarter earnings are expected to increase 10.5 percent from the first quarter of 2016, or 6.2 percent excluding the energy sector, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Of 111 companies having reported earnings so far, 70.3 percent exceeded analyst estimates; above the 49.5 percent of beats in a typical quarter. (Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
(Add background, quote, graphics)
NEW YORK, April 28 Signs of growing prices and wages in the first quarter raised investors' inflation expectations on Friday, but their outlook was tempered by news the U.S. economy grew at its weakest quarterly pace in three years.
The bond market's barometers on inflation expectations approached their highest levels in more than two weeks in the wake of a preferred inflation measure by the Federal Reserve rebounding to the Fed's 2 percent goal in the first quarter.
"On balance, the release should give the Fed some increased confidence that labor market slack has largely closed and inflationary pressures are gradually picking up," said TD Securities' macro strategist Brittany Baumann wrote in a research note.
In early trading, the 10-year inflation breakeven rate, or the yield difference between 10-year Treasury Inflation Protected Securities and regular 10-year Treasury notes, was last at 1.94 percent, up nearly 2 basis points from late on Thursday, Tradeweb and Reuters data showed. .
Earlier Friday, the U.S. Labor Department said private wages and salaries accelerated 0.8 percent in the first quarter, the largest increase in 10 years, after rising 0.5 percent in the fourth quarter.
Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said the core rate on personal consumption expenditure (PCE) grew at a 2.0 percent pace in the first quarter, compared with a 1.3 percent rate in the fourth quarter.
The solid figures on core PCE and employment costs offset a disappointing 0.7 percent annual rate in the gross domestic product in the first quarter, which was the weakest since the first quarter of 2014.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
April 13 Hong Kong Finance Group Ltd :
* Loan agreement was entered into between hk finance as lender and customer d as borrower
* HK finance granted a secured loan in principal amount of hk$20.0 million to borrower for a term of twelve months
Source text (bit.ly/2oabUHI)
Further company coverage:
* Focus on Trump Xi meeting in Florida
* Jobless claims hit lowest in 2 years
* Caution as Fed talks of paring balance sheet
* Czech crown rises 1.5 pct vs euro after cap scrapped
* Nikkei carves out 3-month trough, China PMI disappoints
* Oil steadies, coking coal surges
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Marc Jones
LONDON, April 6 Stocks staged a cautious fight back on Thursday before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, the first between the two world leaders.
Risk appetite stabilised, having been soured by signs the Federal Reserve might start paring asset holdings later this year and that the chances of early U.S. fiscal stimulus may be evaporating.
Wall Street's main markets barely budged as they reopened , though there was encouragement from jobs market data as weekly jobless claims posted their largest drop in almost two years.
Europe's big bourses were also starting to turn green, having been down almost 1 percent earlier at one point and facing their worst day in over a month.
"I would say there is a general mood of caution although it would probably be too strong to say it's risk off," said Société Générale strategist Alvin Tan.
"The reality is U.S. equity markets have been going sideways for a while and Treasury yields have been trading towards the low end of the year's range."
In the currency markets, the dollar was idling after a brief push, leaving the drama to the Czech crown which saw its biggest rise since 2011 as the central bank scrapped its long-held FX cap versus the euro.
Topping the agenda between Trump and Xi in Florida later will be whether Trump makes good on their threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea.
Nerves were not helped when U.S. Pacific Fleet Commander Admiral Scott Swift said any decision on a pre-emptive attack against North Korea would be up to Trump.
Lingering fears of a possible trade war had also kept Asian markets on edge. Hopes of near-term U.S. fiscal stimulus were also bruised as U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said there was no consensus on tax reform and that it would take longer to accomplish than healthcare.
WHIPLASH
Europe's pan-regional FTSEurofirst was almost back to flat but the overnight falls meant MSCI's 46-country world index remained 0.2 percent lower and on course for its fourth fall in five sessions.
"Most portfolio managers think equities are the most overbought in 20 years and so anything that creates some kind of concern, well, it is an excuse to take profits," said Pictet Asset Management's chief strategist Luca Paolini.
They were referring to minutes of the Fed's last meeting that showed most of the U.S. central bank's policymakers thought it should begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year, earlier than many had expected.
Some Fed members also "viewed equity prices as quite high relative to standard valuation measures," a rare comment on asset levels that also caught investors off guard.
Wall Street's steady start came after the Dow posted its largest intra-day downside reversal in 14 months on Wednesday in reaction to the Fed.
Japan's Nikkei then hit its lowest since early December overnight.
Australia's index also lost 0.5 percent. Shanghai made marginal gains but a private survey of China's service sector showed activity expanded at its slowest pace in six months in March.
"We were hit by a bucket of cold water," said Norihiro Fujito, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
"Signs that the Fed could pare its balance sheet are shocking enough, but the mood was exacerbated as the Fed touched upon stock valuations, which is very rare."
Treasuries rallied, with yields on 10-year bonds back at 2.34 percent and threatening to clear a chart barrier at 2.30 percent. Comments from ECB head Mario Draghi that the euro zone still needed stimulus also nudged its yields back towards multi-week lows.
Among emerging market currencies, the rand remained vulnerable amid political uncertainty though the Czech central bank's move to scrap its FX cap saw the crown jump almost 1.5 percent. That was far more modest than expected however.
In commodity markets, oil ticked higher on track for a fourth consecutive daily gain, after recovering from losses triggered by record high U.S. crude inventories.
U.S. crude was up 13 cents at $51.286 a barrel, while Brent made 20 cents to $54.56.
Easily the biggest mover this week has been coking coal, which surged 43 percent on Singapore-listed futures after Cyclone Debbie slammed into top supplier Australia, crippling exports of the steelmaking fuel.
(Additional reporting by Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
* Price lowered to 700 from 1,100 CFA francs/kg
* Government also reduces taxes to encourage buying (Adds CCC comments)
By Loucoumane Coulibaly and Joe Bavier
ABIDJAN, March 30 Ivory Coast slashed the price it guarantees for cocoa farmers by 36 percent to 700 CFA francs ($1.14) per kilogram on Thursday and reduced taxes for the April-to-September mid-crop amid a sharp drop in world prices.
The world's top producer sells forward the bulk of its anticipated harvest to be able to set a minimum price for farmers. The price was fixed at 1,100 CFA francs/kg at the start of the current season in October.
However, futures prices on markets in London and New York have since plummeted following bumper crops in most of the world's cocoa producers.
"It's a large drop. The government is aware," government spokesperson Bruno Kone told reporters following a cabinet meeting.
The government will also waive a 5 percent registration tax paid by exporters and reduce several smaller levies for the mid-crop, reinjecting 43.5 billion CFA francs ($71 million) that would have gone to government coffers into the marketing system.
Higher than expected output and a wave of export contract defaults have created a glut of beans in the Ivory Coast and frustrated farmers who have struggled to find buyers.
The crisis forced the Coffee and Cocoa Council (CCC) marketing board to sell 350,000 tonnes of beans in spot auctions, sales which it was obliged to support with its reserve funds.
CCC head Massandje Toure-Litse said on Thursday that Ivory Coast must in future play a bigger role in the marketing of its cocoa.
"Ivory Coast must be involved in the marketing of cocoa like it's done in Ghana," they said. "Ivory Coast and Ghana are going to get together very soon to find solutions to the drastic price drop."
A BLOW TO FARMERS
While the Ivory Coast currently organises auctions and fixes a price scale based on average auction prices, Ghana exerts more control over its supply chain, securing a syndicated loan each year to pay for the crop which it sells directly to clients.
Since it introduced its forward sales system in 2012 the price paid to Ivorian farmers has risen steadily in line with a years-long trend toward higher world prices.
"Farmers aren't going to like this. Going from 1,100 CFA francs (per kg) to 700 is a lot," said Dieka Issa Ouattara, who farms near the village of Fengolo in the Ivory Coast's western cocoa heartland.
"We're forced to take it. It's like a new colonialism. It's not forced labour, but it's close," they said.
The sharp drop in prices for farmers - which will likely create a differential with the Ivory Coast's neighbours, particularly second-biggest producer Ghana - also risks encouraging cross-border smuggling of beans.
"It's such a blow for farmers. They're pretty much back to square one," said one Abidjan-based exporter. "Of course it helps us buy the mid-crop, but it's quite bad for the sector as a whole." ($1 = 613.8500 CFA francs) (Editing by Edward McAllister, Greg Mahlich)
* Force, Rebels face axe
* Decision to be announced by Thursday
* RugbyWA issues legal proceedings against the ARU (Adds RugbyWA statement)
By Nick Mulvenney
SYDNEY, April 10 The Western Force or Melbourne Rebels will be axed from Super Rugby for next season after the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) announced on Monday that the twice former champion ACT Brumbies would stay in the competition.
The decision over which team will be culled would be announced over the next three days, ARU chairperson Cameron Clyne told a news conference in Sydney.
The New South Wales Waratahs and Queensland Reds represent the heartland states of Australian rugby union and their continued participation was never in doubt.
"The Board made the decision to eliminate the Brumbies from the process and identified that consultation is required with both the Western Force and Melbourne Rebels to further understand their financial position," they said.
"We don't anticipate this final consultation period being a drawn-out process and expect to be able to deliver an outcome in the very near future."
Western Force are based in Perth on Australia's west coast. The Western Australia Rugby Union said it had issued legal proceedings against the ARU following an "unsatisfactory meeting" with the country's governing body on Monday.
"We felt in order to protect our position it was necessary to issue legal proceedings to protect our rights under the Alliance Agreement," the RugbyWA said in a statement.
The RugbyWA also said that the terms of the process being used to evaluate the Force and the Rebels were "inconsistent and inequitable".
Governing body SANZAAR on Sunday said three teams, one from Australia and two from South Africa, would be axed from Super Rugby as the mainly southern hemisphere competition reverts to 15 teams for next season.
The cuts come against the backdrop of falling revenues and fan interest after the expansion to 18 teams in 2016 following the addition of Argentina's Jaguares and Japan's Sunwolves as well as the return of the Kings in South Africa.
Clyne opened the news conference by "clarifying" that it was the ARU not SANZAAR who had decided that one of Australia's five teams should be cut.
"Super Rugby has placed an increasingly heavy burden on the ARU business in recent years and the acceleration of revenue declines in our Super Rugby businesses has placed the game under extreme financial pressure," they said.
"The additional funding provided by the ARU to offset Super Rugby losses has severely limited our capacity to invest further in our grassroots and high performance areas such as player and coach development."
UNREALISTIC TIME-FRAME
While the Brumbies, Super Rugby champions in 2001 and 2004, welcomed the decision to remove them from the elimination process, the path ahead for the ARU is far from smooth.
They must either cut the privately-owned Rebels or abandon the 12-year-old project to develop the game in Western Australia by culling the Force.
Force chief Mark Sinderberry told a news conference in Perth they thought the ARU's time-frame was "unrealistic" and hoped the criteria for the decision would not be purely financial.
"What the ARU have got to do is make the decision for the right reasons, and that's a combination of financial and what we're doing in the community," they said.
"We will always believe that rugby is national and it's got to be represented that way."
The Rebels said in a statement it was "business as usual" at the club, even if they were "disappointed by the prolonged decision-making process".
"The club is increasingly frustrated by the impact this process has had on Rebels players, staff, members, fans and partners and the club wishes the management of the issue had been better handled by SANZAAR or the ARU."
South African Rugby have begun "internal consultations" over which teams they will cut, although the Port Elizabeth-based Kings and Bloemfontein side the Cheetahs are most vulnerable.
($1 = A$1.3337) (Additional reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar; Editing by John O'Brien and Richard Lough)
A 53-year-old man who caused nearly £1,000 worth of damage to a Harrogate property because they felt they were 'being watched', has appeared in court this week.
Mark Anthony Tinney, 53, of Franklin Road, pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal damage to property at Harrogate Magistrate's Court on Tuesday, June 13.
The court heard how Tinney had caused a total of £959.21 worth of damage to the gate of a neighbouring property on Mayfield Grove and the resident's car, on two separate dates in March this year.
On behalf of the Crown Prosecution Service, Prosecuting solicitor, Alison Wilson said: "On Wednesday March 22 at around 6.30pm the victim parked their motor vehicle at the side of their home and was upstairs when they heard a loud bang.
"He saw a neighbour they know as 'Mark' walk up to the passenger side of the vehicle and kick the door.
"The victim was aware the vehicle was in good condition prior to this incident.
"On Wednesday the 1st of March the victim was watching their CCTV screens and saw the defendant write something on the gate.
"On looking at the gate, the word 'C***' had been written on the gate in large capital letters.
The court heard that the victim had asked Mr Tinney if they had written on the gate and kicked the car, but Mr Tinney denied responsibility for both incidents.
However Mr Tinney later admitted to the victim they had kicked the car "out of frustration" and had written on the gate but "thought that it would come off with a good clean".
The damage to the gate had been estimated at £170 while the damage to the car had been totaled at £789.21
Defending solicitor, Andrew Tinning, told the court that Tinney's frustrations had been borne out of a feeling of invaded privacy, rather than a personal issue with their neighbour.
Mr Tinning said: "It's more a sense of their privacy being invaded by the claimant.
"He tells me they have been living at the address for many years and that the claimant has only moved to the address in recent years or so and put up CCTV cameras and the defendant feels that they are being watched by the claimant on them, and he's not happy about that.
"He said they were intending only to pretend to kick the car because they knew the claimant would be watching.
Mr Tinning asked Magistrates to give Tinney consideration for eventually admitting to their crimes and making a submission to police.
Mr Tinning also highlighted that Mr Tinney had already been given a community order this year and disqualified from driving for three years earlier this year for a drink driving charge.
Mr Tinning said: "For many years they worked as a plasterer.
"His actions have lead to them struggling to find work and they are claiming benefits at this moment."
Mr Tinney's probation officer also told the court their "main issue is addressing their alcohol use".
Magistrate David Gravells handed Tinney a new 12 month community order to complete 60 hours unpaid work, which they said had been reduced in light of their guilty plea.
Mr Gravells also made Tinney pay compensation of £520, £170 for the gate and £350 as a contribution towards the car.
They told Tinney: "We are not making you pay the cost of a surcharge in light of your income.
"It is a lot of money, if you get a job you can pay it off sooner."
(Repeats March 30 item for additional readers with no changes to headline or text)
By Rich McKay
ATLANTA, March 30 A bridge on Interstate 85 in Atlanta collapsed on Thursday as a fire raged beneath it, authorities said, sending black smoke into the air and briefly causing a fireball before the structure fell in on itself.
There were no immediate reports of casualties in the incident, which snarled traffic for miles (km).
"We are trying to assess the damage and determine how quick we can repair it," Republican Georgia Governor Nathan Deal told a news conference.
Black smoke billowed so thickly from the bridge in the heart of Atlanta that area residents told local media they thought a storm was coming or that the sun had set early when the fire started at around 6 p.m. local time.
Then flames rose several stories high from under the bridge before a section collapsed around 7:30 p.m., even as dozens of firefighters fought it, causing a brief fireball.
Hours after the collapse, vehicles were still stuck trying to get off the highway. Deal declared a state of emergency for Fulton County, which encompasses much of the Atlanta area. Government offices in Atlanta were set to open at 10 a.m. on Friday to give people extra time to get to work.
Deal said the fire that led to the highway collapse appeared to have been fueled by a large pile of PVC piping under the structure. Authorities did not know who owned the piping or who had put it under the bridge, Deal said.
All lanes of the freeway were blocked, and authorities urged motorists to stay away from the interstate in all directions.
"We cannot have any more traffic on the highway," Atlanta Police Department Sergeant Warren Pickard told a news conference. "We need everyone to stay put and not travel at this time. We need the roads clear for emergency vehicles."
Local TV images showed bright orange flames and thick black smoke billowing into the sky above the freeway as a line of cars stood halted on either side.
Traffic was jammed on nearby roads and freeways as well, according to online congestion maps.
Television station WSB-TV showed what appeared to be barrels and coils under the bridge.
The station reported that fire crews from nearby Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport were brought in to help and were spraying foam typically used for airplane crashes onto the flames. (Additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Writing by Dan Whitcomb and Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby)
Second annual Drive to Thrive slated for June 1 at the Spallumcheen Golf and Country Club
Co-executive director of the John Howard Society Kelly Fehr (left), Laurel Page of the Society, Matt Black of Okanagan Property Services and Storage and Diana Delaney of Delanye Properties gear up for the second annual Drive to Thrive golf tournament and show and shine at Spallumcheen Golf and Country Club June 1. Proceeds from the tournament and show and shine support local John Howard Society initiatives. (Parker Crook/Morning Star)
Drive to Thrive is back and shinier than ever.
Now in its second year, Drive to Thrive June 1 at the Spallumcheen Golf and Country Club features a vintage vehicle show and shine in addition to the golf tournament action in support of the John Howard Society of the North Okanagan/Kootenay Region.
“It just helps us support people in recovery,” said Kelly Fehr, Society co-executive director and Drive to Thrive committee member.
Funds from the event go towards Bill's Place and Haven Place, recovery homes and sober living apartments for men and women in alcoholism and addiction recovery.
Related: Donation helps John Howard Society expand recovery program
The golf tournament will be played out on the club's nine-hole executive course Texas Scramble style.
Hole sponsorship is available for $1,000 and includes the $400 golf and dinner fee for a team of four. Prize and silent auction donations are also accepted. Sponsorships are also available for $400, which allows a team of sober living residents to participate.
Cost for a team of four is $400 and includes golf and dinner. Festivities are underway June 1 at 1 p.m. with a shotgun start.
Parker Crook | Reporter
* U.S. central bank downplays Q1 economic weakness
* Apple slips after surprise dip in iPhone sales
* Indexes down: Dow 0.07 pct, S&P 0.28 pct, Nasdaq 0.54 pct (Updates with Fed statement reaction)
By Lewis Krauskopf
May 3 Wall Street kept losses on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged following its two-day policy meeting.
The U.S. central bank downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June, as investors have been expecting.
The S&P financial sector, which is seen benefiting in a rising rate environment, was up 0.3 percent after the Fed's bullish statement, leading all sectors.
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade after it spent years keeping rates near zero to help the economy following the 2007-2009 recession.
"The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The next time they will likely raise rates would be June."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 14.89 points, or 0.07 percent, to 20,935, the S&P 500 lost 6.74 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,384.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 32.64 points, or 0.54 percent, to 6,062.73.
Apple shares fell 0.4 percent, weighing on indexes, but recovering from steeper losses after the company's quarterly report, in which it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski)
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
LONDON Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday that Britain believed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government was responsible for a suspected poison gas attack in Syria's Idlib province, despite their rejection of culpability.
In an earlier interview with news agency AFP, Assad said the alleged poison gas attack earlier this month which the United States and its allies blamed on the Syrian military was "100 percent fabrication".
"We believe it is highly likely that the attack was carried out by the Assad regime," May said in a televised statement. "Apart from anything else, we believe it's only the regime that has the capability to make such an attack."
The British delegation at the world's chemical weapons watchdog said on Thursday that samples taken from the alleged attack site tested positive for the nerve agent sarin.
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
But terminal pain can be eased, even in very low income countries
World | by Gwynne Dyer
If you had a million dollars to spend (but not on yourself), where would it do the most good? Well, the cost to cover morphine or a morphine-equivalent pain relief treatment for all the sick children younger than 15 years who are in really serious pain in low-income countries would be just $1 million per year. Total.
About half of those children are going to die, but with morphine at least they wouldn't die screaming.
That's how a great many people died in the past: no pain relief or aspirin at best, and so cancer victims, gravely injured people and many others spent their last days, weeks or months in agony. Everybody still dies in the end, but now they die with far less pain — in the richer parts of the world. Elsewhere, however, it's still the Bad Old Days.
This is not because the pain-relief drugs are expensive: they are all off-patent and quite cheap. Yet according to a study published in October by The Lancet, one of Britain's two leading medical journals, almost half the people who die each year are still dying in ‘serious health-related suffering' (SHS), as the experts call it. Or agony, as the rest of us call it.
The Lancet went to the trouble of setting up a commission to look into this phenomenon because it just doesn't make sense. Of the 56 million people who died in the world last year, 25 million experienced short- or long-term SHS before they died. And four out of five of those who died in great pain lived in developing countries. Yet it's not just happening because they are poor.
All the rich countries except the United States have an average life expectancy above 80 years, but that's not really a big deal. Middle-income countries like Jamaica, Vietnam and Algeria are all in the mid-70s and even half the countries of Africa have average life-spans above 70 years. It's not their health services in general that are failing; it's their palliative care and pain management in particular.
The contrast between rich countries and lower-income countries is far greater in pain control than in any other facet of medical practice. The average annual amount of morphine-equivalent opioids given to patients worldwide in 2010-13 was 298·5 metric tonnes. Of that small mountain of morphine, only 0·1 metric tonne — that is, one hundred kilogrammes — was given to patients in low-income countries.
So 25 million people die in great pain each year, and another 35 million live on in chronic pain and distress — all of which could be prevented for a very modest investment in pain-killing drugs and would require almost no new medical infrastructure. It is an astounding failure that at first seems almost impossible to explain. But there are explanations, of course.
Morphine is three or four times more expensive in most lower-income countries than it is in the rich countries. It doesn't have to be that way, but the governments of those countries have not intervened to force prices down in the same way they did, for example, with the cost of retrovirals to control AIDS.
Why not? “I don't think we have cared enough about poor people who have pain,” said Prof. Felicia Knaul, co-chair of the Lancet commission. “It doesn't make them live any longer. It doesn't make them more productive. It is simply the human right of not suffering any more pain, and we don't care about that for people who are poor.”
There are other reasons too, of course, like ‘opiophobia' — the fear that allowing the drugs to be used in hospitals will lead to addiction and crime in the community. It's also known that some nurses are uncomfortable giving high doses of narcotics even if ordered to do so, for fear of being held responsible for the patient's death (even when the patient is terminal). But Knaul is right: the fundamental reason is that we don't care enough.
Okay, but who's “we” in this case? It's not the traditional suspects: selfish people in the rich countries. Nobody is getting rich from this massive and needless neglect. Those to blame are the political and medical leadership in the poor countries themselves, who have failed to give any priority to reducing the horrendous pain suffered by their poor fellow-citizens because that is not one of the metrics by which their success is measured.
Get the death rate down, and you're a hero. Cure glaucoma and give people back their vision, or eliminate some parasite and get thousands of people back on their feet and working, and you'll get honours and promotions. End the almost invisible distress of millions of humble people living out their last days in agony, and nobody will even notice. They're not watching that.
The Lancet commission has proposed an Essential Package of drugs, equipment and training that would cost poor countries only $2 a year per capita and provide pain control for every citizen in lower-income countries, but it's governments that actually have to do it, in collaboration with their own medical professions. Get your priorities right, and the rest will follow.
NEW YORK The Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday approved a request to trade quadruple-leveraged exchange-traded funds, marking a first for the growing market for such products in the United States.
The request to list ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund, under the ticker UP, and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund, under the ticker DOWN, was filed by Intercontinental Exchange Inc's (ICE.N) NYSE Arca exchange.
One of the funds is designed to deliver 400 percent of the daily performance of S&P 500 .SPX stock index futures, while another fund will aim to deliver four times the inverse of that benchmark. That means a fund could go up 8 percent on a day the index it tracks falls by 2 percent.
ETFs offering three times leverage already trade in the United States, but more reactive products have been limited to listing in Europe.
"We're excited about it," said Sam Masucci, chief executive officer at Exchange Traded Managers Group LLC, which is distributing the product, though they said the product is "not going to be for everybody.
"But for those people that are looking for the leveraged exposure to the S&P and they're not looking to do it by way of a futures product here you have a publicly listed security," Masucci said.
Regulators' move to approve the products comes after a difficult time for sponsors of more exotic ETFs.
Last year, the SEC presented draft rules that would restrict the use of derivatives, which was seen crimping some fund managers' ability to keep highly leveraged products on the market.
In March, the agency ruled against an application by investors Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss to bring the first Bitcoin ETF to market, although the SEC recently said it would review that decision.
The U.S. Senate voted on Tuesday to confirm attorney Jay Clayton to head the SEC, a change in leadership that could prompt a change in tack by the agency through which investment products come to market.
Douglas Yones, a top NYSE ETF official, said in an emailed statement that they hope the approval "paves the way for us to work with other leveraged product issuers over the rest of the year."
The product sponsor could not immediately be reached for comment.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Leslie Adler & Simon Cameron-Moore)
TOKYO, April 28 Sony Corp said on Friday it expects operating profit to rise 73.2 percent in the financial year through March 2018 as its cash-cow image sensor business recovers from earthquake damage that had suspended a key plant in southern Japan.
Sony forecasts operating profit to rise to 500 billion yen ($4.50 billion) from 288.7 billion yen a year prior, when earnings were roughly in line with a revised estimate announced earlier this month.
The outlook compared with the 510.58 billion yen average of 27 analyst estimates compiled by Thomson Reuters.
If achieved, it would be the highest profit since its peak, of 525.7 billion, set in the year through March 1998, on strong sales of consumer electronics and a boost from box-office hit "Man in Black" as well as the popularity of the first PlayStation. ($1 = 111.1600 yen) (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
DUBAI, April 3 Saudi Arabian real estate developer Dar Al Arkan plans to launch a U.S. dollar sukuk this week, the first international debt issuance by a Saudi corporate this year, bankers involved in the deal said on Monday.
The Islamic bond - expected to be of "benchmark" size, meaning at least $500 million - will be issued despite certain limits on the company's ability to raise debt, the sukuk prospectus showed.
The proceeds will be used partly to refinance existing debt, which is why Dar Al Arkan can issue the bond despite the fact it would technically breach a borrowing limit, according to a supplement to the prospectus sent to investors on March 31 and seen by Reuters.
More specifically, the planned sukuk has a covenant which limits the company's borrowing unless it meets specific criteria related to its coverage ratio - the ratio between its consolidated core earnings (EBITDA) and its interest expenses.
Dar Al Arkan has two sukuk outstanding - a $450 million five-year one due in 2018 and a $400 million one for the same timeframe due in 2019.
The covenant implies Dar Al Arkan can only raise more debt if its consolidated coverage ratio is at least 2.5 to 1.0 while its sukuk paper maturing in 2019 is outstanding, and at least 2.0 to 1.0 at any time after, the document says.
Dar Al Arkan's consolidated coverage ratio is currently below 2.5 to 1.0, the company says in the prospectus supplement.
A spokesperson said the company was able to issue the new debt because part of the proceeds would be used for refinancing liabilities due in 2017, and sukuk maturing in 2018 and/or 2019.
The company wants to “pre-fund whatever is available out of the proceeds for refinancing purposes but there won't be any pre-payments of the existing sukuk,” said one banker working on the deal, speaking on condition of anonymity because the information is private.
Saudi Arabia's real estate sector was hit last year by an economic slowdown caused by lower oil prices.
Dar Al Arkan, one of the largest real estate developers in the kingdom, reported a 23.4 percent drop in net profit in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Alkhair Capital, Deutsche Bank, DIB, Emirates NBD, Goldman Sachs, Noor Bank and QInvest are leading the new debt sale. Dar Al Arkan is rated B1 by Moody's.
($1 = 3.7500 riyals) (Additional reporting by Marwa Rashad; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
HELSINKI A breakdown of the quadruple jumps, the judging system and the highest scores recorded ahead of the men's competition at the figure skating world championships in Helsinki which start on Wednesday.
Toeloop - Take off is from a back outside edge and landing is on the same back outside edge. The toeloop is the jump most commonly attempted and is often tagged on to a more difficult jump in combination. It is considered the easiest because skaters use their toe-picks to lift off and, once airborne, their hips are already facing the direction in which they will rotate.
Canada's Kurt Browning was the first person to land a legal quadruple jump -- a quad toeloop -- in competition in 1988.
Salchow - Named after inventor Ulrich Salchow, the take off is from a back inside edge and the skater lands on the back outside edge of the opposite foot.
American Timothy Goebel was the first skater to successfully land a quadruple Salchow and, in particular, a quad Salchow in combination, at the 1998 Junior Grand Prix Finals in Lausanne.
In 2002, Japan's Miki Ando became the first woman to land a quad jump, a Salchow at the Junior Grand Prix Final. That is still the only time a woman has successfully performed a quad in competition.
Loop - Take off is from the back outside edge and landing on the same back outside edge.
In 2016, Japan's Yuzuru Hanyu became the first skater to land a quadruple Loop -- also known as the Rittberger in Europe.
Flip - Take off is from a back inside edge and landing is on the back outside edge of the opposite foot.
In 2016, Japanese teenager Shoma Uno became the first skater to land a quadruple flip at an international competition.
Lutz - Named after Alois Lutz, it is a toepick-assisted jump where the take off is from a back outside edge and landing is on the back outside edge of the opposite foot.
In 2011, American Brandon Mroz landed the first successful quad Lutz in an international competition.
Axel - Named after Norwegian Axel Paulsen, it is the only jump where the skater launches into it going forward. Take off is from the forward outside edge and landing is on the back outside edge of the opposite foot.
It is considered to be the most difficult triple jump as it has an extra 180-degree rotation. Hence while other triple jumps involve three revolutions, a triple Axel has 3-1/2 rotations.
No quadruple Axel has been ratified yet.
JUDGING
The judging system has been overhauled since a scandal at the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics when French judge Marie-Reine Le Gougne confessed to, then denied, scoring the pairs contest according to their federation president's dictum.
The French federation president, Didier Gailhaguet, was banned for three years and later resigned. Under pressure from the International Olympic Committee (IOC), officials awarded duplicate gold medals to Canadians David Pelletier and Jamie Sale who had originally been placed second.
As a result of the scandal, the old 6.0 scoring system was axed and replaced by an accumulative points system.
- - - -
There are two parts to judging in figure skating. A technical panel decides what has been performed (i.e. base value/difficulty) and competitors get a score for attempting a move, no matter how well, or badly, it is performed.
Skaters are then give 'grade of execution' score depending on how well, or badly, each element was performed. Points ranging from +3 to -3 are given.
Hence if a jump has a base difficulty value of 10, skaters can end up with seven points for the element if they messed up the landing or 13 points if the landing was perfect.
The total of all the elements scores gives the technical score.
The judges will award points on a scale from 0.25 to 10.00 with increments of 0.25 for the presentation score.
The skaters are judged on five elements -- skating skills, transitions, performance, composition, and interpretation of the music/timing (for ice dance).
Marks can be deducted for illegal moves, time violations etc.
A computer randomly selects the scores awarded by seven of nine judges. Of those scores, the lowest and highest are discarded and the remaining five are used for a final score.
The marks of all nine judges are displayed, so they do not know whether or not their marks contributed to the final total.
MEN'S WORLD RECORD SCORES
2014 Olympic champion Yuzuru Hanyu holds the record score for short programme (110.95), free skate (219.48) and total (330.43) -- all achieved at the 2015–16 Grand Prix Final.
At the world championships, the highest total was achieved by Spain's Javier Fernandez who amassed 314.93 in 2016. Their free skate score of 216.41 is also the highest at the worlds.
The highest short-programme score at the worlds is held by Hanyu. They scored 110.56 in 2016.
(Compiled by Pritha Sarkar; Editing by Clare Fallon)
April 10 SI-TECH Information Technology Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 3 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Ox96yp
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Intelligence Committee hearing into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
President Donald Trump wants the issue of Russian influence in the 2016 election to vanish. They have called it “a hoax” in their tweets. But it's not. It's real – and might take years to resolve.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has been on the case since July. Its chief, James B. Comey, is creating a headquarters task force to coordinate the work of at least three field offices to find the facts. The federal investigators, and platoons of the nation's best journalists, have a long battle ahead.
Comey made clear to the House Intelligence Committee that this is a spy-catching case, involving Russian intelligence and suspected American agents of influence. It takes time to solve such mysteries. The FBI spent two decades uncovering a Russian mole in its own ranks.
And this investigation is more complex than Watergate, a domestic case of political espionage that took more than two years before it felled President Nixon. It's more intricate than the Iran-Contra imbroglio, when the Reagan administration sold weapons to Tehran and slipped the profits to Central American rebels, and which took six years to conclude in court.
The Russia case, like Watergate, starts with a break-in at Democratic headquarters – only Moscow did it, virtually, with cyberwarfare. Like Iran-Contra, it involves interplay among foreign agents and the National Security Council – in this case, retired Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, the cashiered NSC director.
Flynn has offered to tell their version of the story to the congressional intelligence committees in exchange for immunity from criminal prosecution. I would not necessarily take them at their word. At the last job they lost, running the Defense Intelligence Agency, their subordinates called their version of the truth “Flynn facts” – untruths.
Here's one indisputable fact: Flynn was paid by firms linked to Russia, including the state-run RT TV, and failed to disclose those payments in official White House financial forms filed in February, right before they were fired.
Here's another: They were let go for misleading Vice President Mike Pence about their conversations during the presidential transition with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak.
These included five phone calls on Dec. 29, the day the United States retaliated for Moscow's meddling in the election. They denied discussing the thorny issue of sanctions with Kislyak, although they did just that. Three years ago, President Barack Obama imposed severe economic sanctions on Russia for seizing Crimea and threatening Ukraine, both territories of the old Soviet Union. These measures targeted Moscow's financial institutions and Russian leader Vladimir Putin's inner circle – the oligarchs. Putin wants these sanctions to vanish.
Why have key members of Team Trump, including Attorney General Jeff Sessions and presidential son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, kept their lips zipped about their meetings with Team Putin? And why is Trump denying that the “Russia story” is a reality – other than to quash the idea that Moscow wanted them to win the election?
Be prepared for an epic struggle before we have straight answers.
The House Intelligence Committee's investigation has been derailed. The Republican chairperson of the committee, Devin Nunes, has canceled or postponed key hearings. They have undermined themselves by reviewing classified documents on White House grounds, discussing the reports with Trump while stiff-arming the committee's top Democrat, then misrepresenting the fact that they got the documents from a former counsel to the committee, now a White House lawyer, and the senior director for NSC intelligence. A Democratic member of the intelligence committee warned: “This is what a cover-up to a crime looks like.”
What crime? We may not know for many months if one exists. If Flynn knows, and if they want to barter for immunity, they had better be ready to deliver evidence directly to the FBI that people above their pay grade were party to a conspiracy.
Comey and their FBI agents are out to gather evidence that could be used in a court of law against members of Team Trump. It will be extraordinarily difficult: cases touching on international espionage, electronic eavesdropping, political warfare, or the power of the president can involve information too sensitive to reveal at trial.
But the FBI went after Nixon and Watergate, the Reagan administration and Iran-Contra, and Bill Clinton respectively – toppling a president, winning indictments against top national security aides, and bringing evidence that led to an impeachment.
The president of the United States may think it's fake news, but it's the truth. The FBI is not going to let this case go away. And its investigation may last as long as the Trump administration.
March 29 CBOE Holdings Inc:
* CBOE Holdings- CBOE futures exchange will be first of CBOE holdings exchanges to migrate onto BATS technology platform, expected switch-over on Feb 25,2018
* All CBOE and BATS exchanges will continue to operate normally throughout migration process
* CBOE trading floor will remain open to serve CBOE's options market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON, March 30 U.S. debt held by the public will balloon to 150 percent of economic output by 2047 unless tax and spending laws are changed, the Congressional Budget Office said on Thursday, far exceeding the record level just after World War II.
The new projections show steeper 30-year debt growth than last year's long-term forecast by the non-partisan budget analysis agency, and could make it harder for some members of Congress to support a tax reform plan that is partly financed with higher deficits.
Last year, the CBO estimated U.S. public debt would grow to 141 percent of gross domestic product by 2046, while the record was 106 percent of GDP in 1946. That level would be reached in 2035, the CBO said.
Under this year's projection, CBO predicts public debt for 2017 to be about 77 percent of GDP, growing to 89 percent in 2027 and 113 percent in 2037.
The new forecasts assume that the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare law known as Obamacare that House Republicans failed to replace last week, stays in place for the long term.
The projected debt growth reflects CBO's estimates of the rising costs of caring for a growing population of people over 65, growth in interest costs, and assumptions of slower economic growth due to reduced assumptions about productivity gains (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
Cristiano Ronaldo lost their cool, and now Real Madrid has lost its main man for five matches at the start of the Spanish season.
Ronaldo was banned for five games today after shoving a referee who sent them off for diving in Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Monday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of Real Madrid's league title defense. Zinedine Zidane's Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Advertisement
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
They scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up in the 80th minute, moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration - when they took their shirt off and flexed their muscles - earned them a yellow card.
Two minutes later, they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos showed them a second yellow for diving and sent them off.
Ronaldo raised their arms in disbelief, then stepped up to De Burgos and shoved them in the back with their right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that "light aggressions" defined as "pulling, pushing and shaking" of a referee are punished by suspensions of between 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Last season, Las Palmas forward Marko Livaja was given an additional four-match suspension for pushing a referee after they were shown a red card.
In the 2014 Spanish Super Cup, Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone was handed an eight-match suspension after they tapped the back of a linesman's head. Simeone was suspended for four games for the tapping, two games for protesting, one game for ironically applauding the referee, and one game for remaining in the stands instead of leaving the stadium after their sending-off.
Simeone served four matches of their league suspension and the other four are pending Atletico's future Spanish Super Cup matches.
After guiding Madrid to the Champions League and Spanish league titles last season, the suspension comes during a difficult summer for Ronaldo.
In June, a state prosecutor accused Ronaldo of defrauding Spain's tax office of 14.7 million euros ($16.5 million). The 32-year-old star had to deny the accusations in person to an investigative judge last month.
Now they must trust their teammates to make a good start to Madrid's defense without him. Given Marco Asensio's great goal from distance to cap Sunday's win over Barcelona, the 21-year-old forward could take Ronaldo's place in the starting lineup.
May 3 Gran Tierra Energy Inc
* Gran Tierra Energy- increased average wi production before royalties in q1 2017 to 29,879 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 17% higher than q1 2016
* Gran Tierra Energy Inc - expects 2017 average wi production before royalties to be 34,000 to 38,000 boepd from company's assets in Colombia and Brazil
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.03 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN German lighting company Osram (OSRn.DE) is on the lookout for acquisitions worth up to 500 million euros ($530 million), although there are no specific plans for a deal as yet, its finance chief told a German newspaper.
Osram wants to strengthen the areas of electronics and software within its automotive lighting unit and is looking for acquisition targets or partners, Ingo Bank told Boersen-Zeitung in an interview published on Saturday.
Acquisitions for its Opto semiconductors unit would also be attractive if they opened up access to markets, they said.
Osram has funds available after the sale of lamps division LEDvance, which brought in gross proceeds of about 500 million euros, and thanks to its strong balance sheet, Bank said.
"We have a lot of firepower and the ability to act. However, we will not be making the error of buying for the sake of it," the paper quoted them as saying.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Thanks for a great 2017 Mummers Parade, Hegeman String Band! Please enjoy these photos and videos from this year's parade and our archive of your past performances.
March 28 The value of Saudi Arabia's imports shrank 11.6 percent from a year earlier in January while non-oil exports rose for the first time in eight months, data from the Central Department of Statistics and Information showed on Tuesday. SAUDI FOREIGN TRADE 01/17 12/16 01/16 (in bln riyals) non-oil exports 14.019 14.938 12.708 imports 43.297 38.867 48.996 DYNAMICS OF TRADE (pct y/y change in riyal terms) nominal non-oil exports 10.3 -10.3 nominal imports -11.6 -28.4 NOTE: Non-oil exports traditionally account for around 12 percent of the overall exports of Saudi Arabia. The world's largest oil exporter does not release complete trade data on a monthly basis. (Reporting by Andrew Torchia; editing by John Stonestreet)
SOCHI, Russia President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that Russia's relationship with Turkey had fully recovered after what they called a crisis caused by Ankara's shooting down of a Russian warplane near the Syrian border in 2015.
Russia retaliated against Turkey at the time with a slew of economic sanctions and Ankara later took measures which made life difficult for Moscow too.
Speaking after holding talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan in the Black Sea Russian resort of Sochi, Putin said relations were finally getting back to normal and that trade had stopped falling.
"Some time ago our bilateral ties, as it well known, were tested. Now we can say with certainty remark that the recovery process in Russo-Turkish ties is complete," Putin told a news conference. "We are getting back to a normal cooperative partnership."
Putin said Russia would launch a joint investment fund with Turkey with funds of up to $1 billion and said Moscow stood ready to help Turkey improve security measures at its tourist resorts.
(Reporting by Denis Pinchuk in Sochi and Andrey Ostroukh and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
TOKYO May 2 Japan's Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (BTMU) will start charging negative interest rates on euro deposits from dozens of its biggest European clients, a spokesperson said, in a bid to pass on some of the costs of the ultra-low rate environment.
BTMU, the core unit of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group , will become the first Japanese bank to make such a move.
BTMU is in talks with some corporate clients about its plan to charge euro-denominated time deposits shorter than 12 months booked at its London branch, spokesperson Kana Nagamitsu said on Tuesday. They added that the bank will not start charging without clients' consent.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Britain's Prince Charles looks on during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles listens to an Italy's Civil Protection agency member during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles speaks with an Italy's Civil Protection agency member during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles stands next to an Italy's Civil Protection agency member during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles walks during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles pays their respects for the victims of the earthquake as they visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles walks during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles meet residents as they visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles speaks with an Italy's Civil Protection agency member during their visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles meet residents as they visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Britain's Prince Charles meet residents as they visit to the town of Amatrice, which was levelled after an earthquake last year, in central Italy April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
AMATRICE, Italy Britain's Prince Charles paid a visit on Sunday to one of the towns in central Italy devastated by a major earthquake last August, a day after locals protested against the government because of aid delays.
The 6.2 magnitude earthquake killed nearly 300 people and destroyed thousands of homes and businesses.
More than 45,000 aftershocks have rattled the region, including an even stronger 6.6 magnitude quake in October, the biggest to strike Italy for 36 years.
The heir to the British throne walked through the so-called red zone of the hill town of Amatrice, one of the hardest-hit areas, surrounded by rubble and collapsed buildings. They also visited temporary homes and a newly-built school.
"I hope you will not have to stay in this situation for long," the prince was reported to have said to the families living in small prefabricated homes on the edges of the town.
Prince Charles also laid flowers on top of a simple rock used as memorial to the victims and ate Amatriciana pasta, a famous local dish.
Citizens from the central Italian regions devastated by tremors staged protests on Saturday outside parliament in Rome and in smaller Italian cities.
They called on the national government to speed up reconstruction efforts, simplify rules for building new homes and apply tax breaks to residents of quake-hit regions.
They also threatened to block the main highway connecting Rome to the central regions of the country if the government did not schedule negotiations with them within a week.
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni responded that reconstruction was an absolute priority for the government.
The visit to Amatrice was part of a six-day visit to Italy by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. They are scheduled to meet Pope Francis at the Vatican on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Matteo Berlenga in Amatrice and Giulia Segreti in Rome; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
May 2 First Solar Inc, the largest U.S. solar equipment manufacturer, reported 1.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue as the sale of the Moapa project partially offset lower third-party module sales.
The company's net profit slumped to $9.1 million, or 9 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31 from $195.6 million, or $1.90 per share, a year earlier.
The latest quarter was hurt by pre-tax restructuring and asset impairment charges of $20 million.
The company said net sales rose to $891.8 million from $876.1 million.
First Solar is bringing forward production of its Series 6 modules by a year to 2018 and abandoning plans for the Series 5 product. The company had initially expected the Series 5 and 6 products to be on the market at the same time. (Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
April 28 Chevron Corp
* Chevron reports first quarter net income of $2.7 billion
* Q1 earnings per share $1.41
* Q1 sales $32 billion versus $23 billion
* Chevron corp - international upstream operations earned $1.4 billion in q1 2017, compared with a loss of $609 million a year earlier.
* Chevron corp - worldwide net oil-equivalent production was 2.68 million barrels per day in q1 2017, compared with 2.67 million barrels per day in 2016 q1
* Says u.s. Upstream operations earned $80 million in q1 2017, compared with a loss of $850 million from a year earlier
* u.s. Downstream operations earned $469 million in q1 2017, compared with earnings of $247 million a year earlier
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.86, revenue view $33.30 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Chevron - international upstream net oil-equivalent production of 2 million barrels per day in q1 2017 increased 39,000 barrels per day, or 2 percent, from a year ago
* u.s. Downstream refinery crude oil input in q1 2017 decreased 5 percent to 912,000 barrels per day from year-ago period
* Chevron corp - international downstream operations earned $457 million in q1 2017, compared with $488 million a year earlier
* Chevron - u.s. Net oil-equivalent production of 672,000 barrels per day in q1 2017 was down 29,000 barrels per day, or 4 percent, from a year earlier
* Chevron corp - foreign currency effects decreased earnings in q1 2017 by $241 million, compared with a decrease of $319 million a year earlier
* Chevron corp - international refinery crude oil input of 753,000 barrels per day in q1 2017 decreased 42,000 barrels per day from year-ago period
* Says "we continue to make good progress on reducing our spend"
* Chevron corp - included in quarter was a gain of approximately $600 million from sale of an upstream asset
* Chevron corp - on track to meet 4-9 percent net oil-equivalent production growth goal for 2017 before effect of asset sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sprint Corp said on Friday that it swung to a quarterly profit, helped by tax cuts. The No. 4 U.S. wireless carrier reported net income of $7.16 billion, or $1.79 per share, in the third quarter ended Dec. 31, compared to a loss of $479 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier. (Reporting by Anjali Athavaley)
LONDON (AP) — Britain's fertility authority says it has granted permission to doctors at a clinic in northeastern England to create babies from the DNA of three people, to help prevent two women from passing on fatal, genetic diseases to their children.
It is the first such approval for the U.K. but the technique has already previously been used: a baby was born in Mexico in 2016 using the experimental therapy.
The treatment fixes problems linked to mitochondria, the energy-producing structures outside a cell's nucleus. Faulty mitochondria can result in conditions including muscular dystrophy and major organ failure. The technique uses DNA from two women and one man.
Last year, Britain granted Newcastle University a license to use the novel technique but approval is still needed for individual patients.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GARLYK, Turkmenistan, March 31 Turkmenistan opened a $1 billion Belarussian-built potash plant on Friday, aiming to export 1.2 million tonnes of fertilisers to China and India a year as part of its drive to diversify away from natural gas exports.
The Central Asian nation has faced foreign currency shortages after its gas exports were hit hard by declining prices and volumes, and the government is banking on the start of potash production and other projects to make the economy more resilient.
As a potash exporter, Turkmenistan will compete with its former Soviet overlord Russia, home to the world's biggest producer Uralkali, and Belarus, also a major global player.
Belarussian companies have built the plant and Minsk has said it would help Turkmenistan market the product.
Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko attended the opening ceremony in eastern Turkmenistan and said most of the plant's production would be exported to China and India - the world's biggest potash importers.
"This is Central Asia's biggest potash plant, one can confidently say it will produce 1.5 million tonnes a year," Lukashenko said, adding that Berdymukhamedov had told them about plans to build two more potash plants.
Russia's Uralkali said this month it expected total global potash demand to rise by 1-2 million tonnes this year to 62 million to 63 million tonnes, driven by China. (Reporting by Marat Gurt; Writing by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Susan Fenton)
(Adds details from statement, valuation)
By Robert-Jan Bartunek
BRUSSELS May 3 Belgium will sell a quarter of the stake it holds in French financial group BNP Paribas , but is keen to keep a strategic share in the group, the country's finance ministry said on Wednesday.
The country, which acquired the stake in 2008 as a result of a bailout of Belgian group Fortis, said it would bring back its stake in BNP Paribas to 7.8 percent from 10.3 percent previously.
On the basis of Wednesday's closing price, the shares are worth about 2.06 billion euros ($2.25 billion), though the finance ministry said it would know the exact amount at a later stage, without giving more details.
Belgium bought Fortis in 2008 for 9.4 billion euros ($10.26 billion) and sold 75 percent to BNP Paribas in exchange for shares. Fortis ran into trouble after paying a top-of-the-market 24 billion euros to buy the Dutch operations of ABN AMRO just before the credit crunch and the global financial crisis.
The Belgian finance ministry called the partial sale the "best of two worlds".
"I want to stress that only a part of the stake was sold because we continue to value the long term strategic holding in BNP Paribas, given the economic importance of this bank in our country," Finance Minister Johan van Overtveldt said in a statement.
Lazard and Allen & Overy advised Belgium on the deal. ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek, editing by Robin Emmott)
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Communications Commission is reversing a requirement imposed under the Obama administration that Charter Communications Inc extend broadband service to 1 million households already served by a competitor, under an order to be made public on Monday.
The decision was a win for a group representing smaller cable companies that sought to overturn the "overbuild" requirement and marked the latest reversal of Obama-era requirements by the new Republican-led FCC under President Donald Trump.
As a condition of approval for its acquisition of two cable companies, Charter had agreed in May 2016 to extend high-speed internet access to 2 million customers within five years, with 1 million served by a broadband competitor.
Under the new order approved on Friday and disclosed Monday, Charter, the No. 2 U.S. cable company with 26 million residential and business customers in 41 states, must add service to 2 million additional potential subscribers in places without existing service, the FCC said.
"This is like telling two people you will buy them lunch, ordering two entrees, and then sending both to just one of your companions," FCC chairperson Ajit Pai said in a statement. "It runs directly against the goal of promoting greater Internet access for all Americans."
The American Cable Association petitioned the FCC to reverse the requirement in 2016 and has met with FCC commissioners in recent weeks. The group had called the requirement under then FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler "stunningly bad and inexplicable government policy."
The group warned it would have "devastating effects on the smaller broadband providers Charter will overbuild" because they would face competition from an "uneconomic, government mandated entry" that could put some companies out of business.
Gigi Sohn, a former top Wheeler aide, said the decision shows the Republican FCC is more focused on putting "incumbents first" than on competition. They cited its putting broadband privacy rules on hold and withholding federal approval of new companies to offer government subsidized telecommunication services.
The requirement, as part of Charter's acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks, would bring "innovation and new choices for consumers, and demonstrate the viability of one broadband provider overbuilding another," Wheeler said last year.
On Monday Wheeler tweeted, "Nobody likes competition ... except consumers!"
Charter said the change "enables Charter to more fully devote our resources and attention to building out high-speed broadband to areas without it today."
Charter Chief Executive Officer Tom Rutledge met with Trump at the White House last month to tout the company's investment and hiring plans.
Charter stock closed up 0.3 percent to $328.27 in afternoon trading.
(Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Meredith Mazzilli and Jeffrey Benkoe)
(Reuters Health) - - For some patients with chronic back pain, computerized phone therapy might work just as well at easing symptoms as in-person visits with a therapist, a small study suggests.
The experiment focused on what's known as interactive voice response technology, which works something like the computerized prompts people can encounter when they call a bank or insurance company. In this case, the prompts focused on back pain issues and guided patients to advice on symptom relief.
Researchers randomly assigned 125 patients with chronic back pain to get ten weekly sessions of cognitive behavior therapy (CBT), either in person or over the phone using interactive voice response (IVR).
After three months, all of the patients experienced similar reductions in pain and improvements in things like physical functioning and sleep.
“Technology-based forms of CBT, like CBT delivered via automated calls that we used in the trial, can be more accessible and convenient for people with chronic pain, as well as equally effective,” said lead study author Alicia Heapy of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System in West Haven.
While previous studies have suggested computerized calls might work for back pain, the current study offers fresh evidence of its effectiveness relative to the current gold standard of in-person treatment with a therapist, Heapy said by email.
“Making this comparison provides evidence for recommending it as an alternative to in-person treatment for people who are not able to regularly travel for in-person CBT sessions or who live in an area where there are no clinicians trained to deliver CBT for chronic pain, or for those who might prefer this approach as a matter of convenience,” Heapy said.
Study participants were 58 years old on average and most of them were male. Half of them had been living with back pain for at least 11 years.
All of them were VA patients, and only about 21 percent of them lived less than ten miles from their local VA facility. About 35 percent of them lived between 10 and 25 miles away, and another 44 percent had to travel even longer distances from home.
At the start of the study, every participant received a manual explaining how cognitive behavior therapy can help with pain management and functioning in daily life even when pain persists. This approach focuses on helping people become more physically active, engage with activities they enjoy and pursue new things if those old activities aren't possible.
Researchers asked participants to rate their average pain levels over the previous week on a scale from 0 for no pain up to 10 for the worst pain imaginable. People rated their pain as about a 5.6 on average at the start of the study, indicating moderate pain.
After treatment, both groups reported a similar average reduction in pain ratings of about 0.8, researchers report in JAMA Internal Medicine.
Beyond its small size, another limitation of the study is that researchers didn't include a control group of people who received no therapy at all. More research is needed at additional locations and among different patient populations before drawing any broad conclusions about how well computerized therapy might work for back pain, the researchers also point out.
“It's probably too early to recommend this to patients since it's not widely available yet,” said Daniel Cherkin of the Kaiser Permanente Washington Health Research Institute in Seattle.
“However, these results suggest that other existing online CBT or other mind-oriented programs for chronic pain might be worth trying,” Cherkin, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
Even if more research suggests it's effective, computerized voice technology still might not work for every patient with back pain, said Dr. Jatin Joshi, a pain and spine care researcher at Weill Cornell School of Medicine in New York who wasn't involved in the study.
“Although online treatment is appealing for its convenience, there are certain psychological and medical conditions that need direct supervised medical management,” Joshi said by email. “It's important that patients receive any care, on-line or in-person, under the supervision of a trained medical professional.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oR7Ix6 JAMA Internal Medicine, online April 3, 2017.
April 5 Gensource Potash Corp
* Gensource Potash Corp - co has executed shareholder agreement with Essel Group Me Limited to create a joint venture company, Vanguard Potash Corp
* Gensource Potash Corp - purpose of JV is construction and operation of new Vanguard potash production facility in Saskatchewan
* Gensource Potash Corp - feasibility study is on schedule for completion in Q2 2017
* Gensource Potash - under terms of agreement Vanguard will become 49 percent owned by Egme, 51 percent owned by Gensource upon receipt of first tranche of financing
* Gensource Potash Corp - under terms of agreement once construction financing is delivered , Vanguard will become 70 percent owned by Egme, 30 percent by Gensource Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A 100 Yuan note is seen in this illustration picture in Beijing March 7, 2011. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo
BEIJING China's foreign exchange regulator said on Thursday that pressure from capital outflows eased somewhat in 2016 and there will be greater flexibility in the yuan's exchange rate in 2017.
Authorities have taken a raft of steps in recent months to curb capital flight to support the yuan CNY=CFXS, while trying to bring in more foreign investment.
"With the steady progress of reforms of renminbi (yuan) exchange rate mechanism, the flexibility of renminbi exchange rate will be further enhanced," the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) said in a statement.
The pressure on China's cross-border capital outflows abated somewhat in 2016, it said.
The statement did not give any specifics.
Increased yuan flexibility will help promote two-way cross-border capital flows, the regulator said.
China's current account surplus is likely to be kept "within a reasonable range" this year, as the global economy stabilizes despite risks from trade frictions, it said.
MORE INFLOWS?
Authorities will take measures to attract capital inflows this year, it added.
In 2016, the yuan weakened 6.5 percent against the dollar. The Chinese currency has gained nearly 1 percent so far this year.
Final data from the SAFE showed a $196.4 billion current account surplus and a $26.3 billion surplus on the capital and financial account in 2016.
The current account surplus in 2016 was equivalent to 1.8 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), the SAFE said. The ratio was down from as high as 10 percent in 2007.
In the last quarter of 2016, China had a final current account surplus of $11.8 billion and a surplus of $46.4 billion on its capital account and financial account, the data showed.
Preliminary data from the SAFE had put China's full-year current account surplus at $210.4 billion, and its capital and financial account surplus at $47 billion.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Kevin Yao; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
VIENNA, March 31 Austria will file a legal challenge against a planned German highway toll, Austrian Transport Minister Joerg Leichtfried said on Friday shortly after the plan passed Germany's upper house of parliament.
The toll will cost vehicles up to 130 euros ($139) but Germans will be able to recover the cost through tax deductions. Austria says that is discriminatory.
"I believe this toll is discriminatory and not compatible with EU law, and therefore we will file a legal challenge," Leichtfried told Austrian broadcaster ORF. ($1 = 0.9369 euros) (Reporting by Francois Murphy)
April 20 China Jinmao Holdings Group Ltd :
* Shanghai Yin Hui entered into new Shanghai Yin Hui framework agreement with company and SIPG
* Shanghai Shipping agreed to provide entrustment loans to company and SIPG
* Unit and SIPG, entered into Shanghai Shipping framework agreement
* Shanghai Yin Hui framework agreement in order to revise maximum daily balance and interest rate of loans to be provided by Shanghai Yin Hui Source text: [bit.ly/2o728Lu] Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives opposed to Republican legislation that would repeal major sections of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law on Tuesday made multiple efforts to delay the bill.
The House Financial Services Committee was due to consider Representative Jeb Hensarling's sweeping bill to rework the 2010 law. In addition to eliminating large portions of Dodd-Frank - enacted in the wake of the global financial crisis - it would put new handcuffs on regulators charged with writing and enforcing its rules.
The partisan maneuvering to slow work on the bill demonstrated how divided the two parties are regarding rules for the financial sector, casting doubt on Congress's ability to revisit them significantly despite Republican President Donald Trump's vow to "do a number" on existing regulations.
First, Democrats ordered a vote on whether the committee even wanted to actually consider the bill. That amendment passed with support from only the Republican majority.
Then, Democrats ordered that all 589 pages of the law be read out loud by the committee clerk. The reading of legislative language is almost always waived by committee members when considering a bill.
After about 3-1/2 hours of the bill being read to a largely empty committee room, Democrats agreed to shelve that request and proceed to the amendments they wanted to offer. Democrats had drawn up roughly 140 amendments they wanted to offer to change the bill, according to a House aide. But that number is expected to shrink as the two parties work out a path forward.
Hensarling announced on Tuesday that despite earlier plans to vote on amendments to the bill throughout the day, no votes would be held on the bill until Wednesday morning at the earliest.
The procedural obstacles were all aimed at a bill that is not expected to actually become law, as the sweeping rewrite of Dodd-Frank is not expected to garner enough support in the Senate, which the Republicans hold by a slim majority.
But it is expected to pass the Republican-led House, and the skirmish over it was a clear indication of how much Democrats are willing to dig in on measures that would make life easier for the financial sector.
"This is one of the worst bills I've seen in my time in Congress," said Representative Maxine Waters, the committee's top Democrat, as the committee began debate on the measure. "The bill is rotten to the core, and simply carries water for Trump and their buddies on Wall Street."
Hensarling's bill would allow large banks to avoid most Dodd-Frank rules if they agree to establish a 10 percent capital ratio, and also scraps several powers given to regulators after the financial crisis to more closely scrutinize some of the nation's largest institutions.
It also makes several changes to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, severely limiting its power and giving Congress and the White House more direct control over its operations and funding.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
UAE-backed Yemeni soldiers stand guard on a boat in Mukalla port in southern Yemen April 22, 2017. Picture taken April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz El Yaakoubi
A soldier from the United Arab Emirates watches over Yemen's southern territory on a Chinook helicopter April 23, 2017. Picture taken April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz El Yaakoubi
A Yemeni soldier stands guard on a beach in the city of Mukalla in southern Yemen April 22, 2017. Picture taken April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Aziz El Yaakoubi
MUKALLA, Yemen Since a Yemeni force trained and funded by the United Arab Emirates recaptured the southern port of Mukalla from al Qaeda fighters a year ago, the Gulf state's efforts to consolidate progress risks being compromised by traditional rivalries.
Divisions within Yemen's heavily tribal society as well as secessionist sentiment among troops and leaders in the once-independent south make building a truly national army an almost impossible task for the UAE right now.
They could also suck the UAE deeper into the Yemen quagmire.
RECOMMENDED: In Yemen conflict, a window into deepening U.S.-Gulf ties
UAE officers say the situation has made it difficult for them to push north and add to their territorial gains. A southern offensive has slowed down since it crossed the borders of Taiz province, they said.
"Taiz is part of the north, and southerners would not fight beyond their borders. Taking them there was a big challenge," one UAE military officer said.
The wealthy UAE is a powerful player in the Saudi-led military coalition fighting in a civil war that contains conflicts within conflicts.
WATCH: In Yemen's civil war, even the dead are affected
The alliance backs President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi's internationally-recognised government, based in Aden, against an Iranian-aligned Houthi rebel movement which holds the capital Sanaa.
More than 10,000 people have been killed since March 2015 and the country faces a humanitarian disaster as millions of people go hungry.
Hardline anti-Western groups al Qaeda and Islamic State have taken advantage of the chaos to press their own plans.
The capture of Mukalla from al Qaeda in April last year was a highpoint for the UAE–sponsored force. Lying on the Gulf of Aden, it is the capital of Hadramout province, which contains most of Yemen's oil resources.
The port once provided al Qaeda with millions of dollars in customs duties before the 30,000-strong force drove them into the nearby mountains.
Twelve months on, a semblance of normality has returned to the dusty, crowded streets although destroyed vehicles left by Al Qaeda fighters still lie on the roadsides and nervous young soldiers man checkpoints that suggest the fragility of their military gains.
DISCIPLINE
The UAE concentrated its efforts on building a Yemeni force since it reduced its own troops' frontline exposure following a Houthi missile attack which killed scores of the UAE and other Gulf soldiers in eastern Marib province in September 2015.
"I always knew how to handle weapons, but the UAE army taught us military discipline and gave us jobs," said Ahmed al-Khashaf, a lanky soldier in ill-fitting fatigues who was guarding the port.
Senior UAE military officers say their forces have trained and pay more than 11,000 Yemeni soldiers from Hadramout and 14,000 from Aden and three provinces. Unity is elusive, however.
"In Yemen, a Hadrami will fight only with another Hadrami. It is important to keep it in regional blocs when you build battalions," said a senior UAE military official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
But the war effort may now take second place to local fervour to revive a southern state, bolstered by the recapture of Aden from the Houthis by coalition forces in July 2015.
The former South Yemen, which had Aden as its capital, united with North Yemen in 1990 after a brief 1986 war.
Now local forces appear to be prioritising the fight on their front door over those in lands they regard as a foreign country.
"If there is no peace with the north, we will just split away," Hadramout provincial governor General Ahmad Bin Bourek said at their heavily guarded residence in Mukalla.
In Aden, 480 km (300 miles) to the west of Mukalla, divisions have already started to mount between Hadi and pro-secession troops.
Street protests have taken place against a decision by Hadi last week to sack Aidaroos al-Zubaidi, a secessionist and the UAE-backed governor of Aden.
The participation of masked fighters kitted out in UAE-issued military gear could render the Gulf state's involvement in Yemen's conflict even more complex.
(Reporting By Aziz El Yaakoubi, editing by Sami Aboudi, William Maclean and Angus MacSwan)
April 13 Dallah Healthcare Co:
* Signs MOU with Awj Investment Co to establish a closed joint stock co for setting up and operating a general hospital in Jeddah
* Capital of new co to be comprised of cash and in-kind shares represented in land of 150,000 square meters Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: )
People carry belongings as they walk past damaged shops inside the Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp near Sidon, southern Lebanon, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
A man stands on a bullet-riddled building inside the Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp near Sidon, southern Lebanon, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
A member of the joint Palestinian security force stands guard inside the Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp near Sidon, southern Lebanon, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
A member of the joint Palestinian security force stands in front of a bullet-riddled wall inside the Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp near Sidon, southern Lebanon, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Ali Hashisho
AIN EL-HILWEH, Lebanon A Palestinian security force deployed into an area of a refugee camp in southern Lebanon where it had been battling Sunni Islamist militants, ending six days of lethal clashes on Wednesday, a Reuters witness said.
The clashes at Ain el-Hilweh refugee camp on the outskirts of the southern Lebanese city of Sidon have killed seven people.
The violence began on Friday when the joint Palestinian security force sought to deploy throughout the camp and met resistance from the Sunni Islamist Badr group.
The joint security force comprises the main Palestinian factions including Fatah, led by the West Bank-based Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.
(Writing by Tom Perry, Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
FARUKPARA, Bangladesh, April 4 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - For a long time, slash and burn agriculture was a way of life for Funghkal Bawn.
Like other farmers from the ethnic Bawn community, in the Chittagong Hill Tract area of Bangladesh, they used to clear a new strip of land every season on the slopes near their village of Farukpara. On it they grew a single crop such as paddy rice, pineapple, ginger or turmeric.
But two years ago, a flash flood triggered by torrential rains damaged their entire crop of rice, leaving them short of food and money to buy new seeds.
The setback forced Bawn to rethink their traditional method of farming and find a more sustainable way to grow crops, to hedge against the growing likelihood of extreme weather.
Now Bawn sows a mixture of traditional crops and other plants on the hill slopes, to minimise their losses if any natural disaster hits their crop land again.
Other farmers are following their lead to help improve their resilience against the worsening impacts of climate change.
“I started mixed cultivation of crops, including pineapple, ginger, mango and coffee together,” Bawn told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
They sow and harvests the crops at different times. If one is damaged by floods or erratic rainfall, there is a chance that another will survive, and they will be able to sell that one instead, they explained.
Ten of the 22 families in Farukpara's Bawn community are now practising similar mixed cultivation.
Zarmoy Bawn, one of Fungkhal's neighbours, said that along with traditional crops they have planted coffee saplings on their land. They hope that once the trees start fruiting, they will be able to earn more money selling the cash crop.
Another farmer, Nu Ang Bawn, intends to plant coffee and mango saplings on their hill slopes from next season.
“Now I sow only ginger and pineapple on my land. But I want to start mixed crops cultivation from next season to get more benefit from farming,” they added.
MORE HEAVY RAIN
Weather services and climate experts say the frequency of heavy rain is increasing in South Asia, including Bangladesh, while lighter rainfall is becoming less common.
The Chittagong Hill Tracts (CHT), situated in Bangladesh's south-east and bordering India and Myanmar, are the country's only largely hilly region, with slopes prone to problems in heavy rain.
A 2014 study by the Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology found that rainfall has been increasing in recent decades, both during and before the annual monsoon. In 2007, the Chittagong region received 480 mm (19 inches) of rain in a single day, leading to flooding and landslides that killed more than 100 people.
Malik Fida A. Khan, deputy executive director of the Dhaka-based Center for Environmental and Geographic Information Services, a think-tank, said that as the rainfall pattern shifts in South Asia as a result of climate change, the hill tract area can expect monsoons to bring more intense rain over shorter periods.
This could lead to massive soil erosion and flash floods, they said.
Reducing the use of traditional shifting cultivation – which can lead to the removal of trees or plants that help hold soil and trap water on slopes – could help reduce risks, and not just in the hills, they said.
“As a result of soil erosion due to shifting cultivation, the streams, rivers and tributaries are rapidly silted up, resulting in flash floods in the CHT region,” said Abdul Mannan, a programme officer for the Arannayk Foundation, a joint initiative of the Bangladeshi and U.S. governments that works on forest conservation and biodiversity in Bangladesh.
Mohammad Qudrat-E-Ghana, a director of Bangladesh's Department of Agriculture Extension (Horticulture), said there is great potential for growing fruit and other new crops to replace shifting cultivation in the hill tracts.
The agriculture department has opened 15 fruit tree centres in three hill districts, distributing high-quality saplings to farmers to encourage them to change their farming practices, cut soil erosion and slow land degradation.
They said about 60 percent of farmers living in the hill areas had already started making changes in how they grow crops. (Reporting by Rafiqul Islam; editing by James Baer and Laurie Goering :; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
* Graphic of Reuters stock market poll: tmsnrt.rs/2nHJiJ9
By Rahul Karunakar
BENGALURU, March 30 Developed market share prices are looking expensive, according to a plurality of strategists and brokers, with a majority in a global Reuters poll saying those major indexes are due for a correction of 10 percent or more this year.
Stock markets everywhere have rallied so far in 2017, with Wall Street hitting record highs on hopes that the U.S. administration will usher in financial deregulation and sweeping tax cuts. Last month, the U.S. Standard & Poor's 500 market capitalisation pushed above $20 trillion for the first time.
But the blistering rally stands in contrast to much more measured views from global fund managers, who have trimmed recommendations for equities or left them unchanged at best in their model portfolio this year.
Many are now arguing that markets have become too reluctant to consider several key risks, including potentially-disruptive elections in Europe and no guarantees that the U.S. administration's stimulus plans will be put into action.
The view that President Donald Trump will soon light a fire under the economy may have peaked, according to the latest Reuters poll of strategists who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end.
Julian Emanuel, executive director of U.S. equity and derivatives strategy at UBS Securities in New York, said stocks have been pricing in a "strongly" pro-growth agenda.
"But it has yet to be fully implemented, and the devil is in the details," said Emanuel, who sees the S&P 500 ending the year at 2,300, about 50 points lower than where it closed on Wednesday. They said they are cautious on stocks in the near-term.
On Friday, Republican leaders pulled legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, a key 2016 election Trump campaign promise, which has led to questions about their ability to deliver other pledges, including sweeping tax cuts.
Still, views from more than 200 equity strategists and brokers around the world were bullish, with the outlook for almost all the 22 indexes upgraded from just three months ago, when almost everyone missed the size of the recent rally.
Most indexes have already surpassed the levels predicted in December for where they would trade by mid-2017 and many have even breached end-2017 forecasts made three months ago.
But while the general view is for stock markets to keep rising, corporate earnings now have to catch up to justify the surge in share prices, with valuations for a majority of stock indexes already trading above their 5-year averages.
That is definitely the case for developed market shares, according to a near-majority of ever-bullish strategists and brokers polled by Reuters, something they have not said in recent years.
"Absolutely, it is definitely expensive. It is expensive by virtue of the fact people are too optimistic on earnings," said Emanuel referring to the S&P 500.
CORRECTION
A majority also predict a correction of 10 percent or more for developed market stocks. Such a drop is generally considered normal, but the last time stock markets went through that kind of correction was at the beginning of last year.
Still, there is an increase in confidence. The recent surge in equity markets is also based on a view the world economy at last is in a synchronous upturn, along with inflation.
But that is at odds with the outlook for bond markets, with bond strategists as a whole in a separate Reuters poll still not very concerned about global inflation.
Emerging market stocks are expected to notably outperform developed economy shares this year.
Brazilian stocks are likely to rise for the second straight year to a record high in 2017, above the previous high hit almost a decade ago.
India's benchmark BSE Sensex share index is also expected to scale a new record high by mid-year, with forecasts upgraded significantly from just three months ago.
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll)
(Additional reporting and polling from reporters in Seoul, Shanghai, Taipei, Sydney, Tokyo, London, Frankfurt, Milan, Moscow, New York, Brasilia, Toronto and Bengaluru; Editing by Ross Finley and)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zoneco Group Co Ltd:
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DWVyL8 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
The time for talking is fast approaching as Mercedes start a new year with Formula One waiting for a big announcement about who is going to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton.
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday.
There is evidence, however, to suggest the decision is all but made.
According to the motorsport.com website, Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car.
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since their Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff, a former Williams shareholder, has also been involved with the 27-year-old's management team.
The Finn is the bookmakers' favourite to replace Rosberg, who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning their first title, but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced.
Bottas's replacement
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon their announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas's replacement.
Claire Williams, deputy principal of the team founded by their father, indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if “an experienced, credible alternative was available” – such as the 35-year-old Massa.
Pascal Wehrlein, the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg's place but lacks experience, is another piece of the jigsaw.
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year, scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain, but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden's Marcus Ericsson.
Debated passionately
Wolff, in their final words to the team before the break, gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes' best interests would always come first.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope,” said the Austrian. “They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media.
“But there has been enough talking, now. This is the period for calm and considered reflection, to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign.”
With testing due to start in Spain late next month, ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26th, the factories are now entering their busiest period. The time for reflection is coming to an end.
– (Reuters)
(Fixes headline to denote stage of tournament)
March 28 Roger Federer survived a stern test from Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut on Tuesday to reach the Miami Open quarter-finals while top-seeded Swiss compatriot Stan Wawrinka was eliminated on their birthday.
Federer clinched the 7-6(5) 7-6(4) victory on their third match point shortly after Wawrinka fell 4-6 6-2 6-1 to 16th-seeded German teenager Alexander Zverev.
Bautista Agut played the match of their life, hitting the ball deep with relentless precision in an effort to keep Federer pinned to the baseline, giving the 18-times grand slam champion everything they could handle.
But Federer's class proved the difference in the tiebreaks as they improved to 6-0 lifetime against Agut and advanced to a quarter-final match against Czech 10th seed Tomas Berdych.
Wawrinka, who turned 32 on Tuesday, lost to Federer in the Indian Wells final nine days ago and was denied a chance of setting up a possible rematch in Miami.
A day after saving three match points and beating John Isner, the 19-year-old Zverev dominated the final two sets against Wawrinka, breaking twice in the second and three times in the third to earn a quarter-final encounter with either Belgian David Goffin or Australian Nick Kyrgios.
All the top seeds had competitive matches on Tuesday, with Japanese second seed Kei Nishikori also taken to three sets before ousting Federico Delbonis of Argentina 6-3 4-6 6-3.
Fifth seed Rafa Nadal won in straight sets, but also had to be near their best to beat Frenchman Nicolas Mahut 6-4 7-6(4).
Next up for Nadal is American Jack Sock, while Nishikori meets Italian Fabio Fognini. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Frank Pingue)
SOCHI, Russia, April 30 Honda will supply the Sauber Formula One team with engines from the 2018 season, both sides announced on Sunday at the Russian Grand Prix.
The Japanese manufacturer currently has an exclusive agreement with former champions McLaren.
"In addition to the partnership with McLaren which began in 2015, Honda will begin supplying power units to Sauber as a customer team starting from next year," said Katsuhide Moriyama, Honda's head of brand and communication operations. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
MILAN, March 29 Demand for the initial public offering (IPO) of Italy's Unieuro covers all the shares on offer, excluding the green shoe option, a memo sent by one of the global coordinators to investors showed on Wednesday.
Consumer electronics retailer Unieuro has been offering shares to institutional investors at a price of between 13 and 16.5 euros each. The sale is expected to end on Thursday. (Reporting by Elisa Anzolin; writing by Francesca Landini)
(Reuters) - Lower taxes helped U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co (MRK.N) beat analysts' estimate for fourth-quarter earnings on Friday, offsetting weaker-than-expected sales as some of its products face increasing competition.
The drugmaker's shares fell 0.8 percent to $59.35 in early trading.
Sales for its blockbuster Keytruda cancer immunotherapy were better than expected, but Merck was hurt by competition for its shingles vaccine Zostavax and hepatitis C drug Zepatier.
The company also said 2018 earnings would likely be better than analysts had previously forecast as its tax rate will stay low due to the U.S. tax overhaul passed in December.
Merck now expects its effective tax rate in 2018 to be 19 percent to 20 percent, dropping by up to another percentage point after that.
Chief Financial Officer Robert Davis said that the new law - which cut the corporate rate to 21 percent from 35 percent - should lower its taxes by a couple of percentage points.
The company's effective tax rate was 19.1 percent last year, but that was helped by one-time foreign tax benefits. Its 2016 effective tax rate was around 22 percent.
Merck has about $17 billion of cash available for repatriation, according to Davis.
The company said it plans to invest $12 billion in capital projects over the next five years, two-thirds of which will be in the United States, due in part to the new tax law.
Merck's sales rose 3.1 percent to $10.43 billion in the fourth quarter, but were slightly below the average analyst estimate of $10.49 billion.
Sales of Keytruda, which works by blocking a mechanism tumors use to evade detection from the immune system, nearly tripled to $1.30 billion in the fourth quarter.
The strong sales numbers for Keytruda were driven by uptake in first-line non-small cell lung cancer, Guggenheim Securities analyst Tony Butler said in a client note.
Lung cancer is by far the most lucrative oncology market, and Merck last month assuaged concerns about Keytruda testing delays by announcing positive early results from a lung cancer trial.
Merck's net loss widened to $872 million, or 32 cents per share, from $594 million, or 22 cents per share, a year earlier. It took a charge of $2.6 billion related to the new U.S. tax law in the quarter.
Excluding items, Merck earned 98 cents per share, beating analysts' average estimate of 94 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Merck forecast 2018 adjusted profit in the range of $4.08-$4.23 per share. Analysts on average were expecting $4.11 per share.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO - Chairman of the House Intelligence Committee Devin Nunes (R-CA) speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - House Intelligence Committee Chair Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) leaves the House floor on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein/File Photo
WASHINGTON The Republican head of a congressional inquiry into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election said they would temporarily step aside from the probe on Thursday because they are under investigation for disclosing classified information.
Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and an ally of Republican President Donald Trump, characterized charges that they made unauthorised disclosures of classified information as "entirely false and politically motivated."
"Several leftwing activist groups have filed accusations against me with the Office of Congressional Ethics," they said in a statement.
The surprise disclosure that Nunes was under investigation injected new uncertainty into the wider Russia probe by their committee. The investigation is one of several in Congress examining whether Russia tried to influence the election in Trump's favour, mostly by hacking Democratic operatives' emails and releasing embarrassing information, or possibly by colluding with Trump associates.
Russia denies the allegations, which Trump also dismisses.
The House Ethics Committee issued a statement saying it would investigate allegations Nunes may have made unauthorised disclosures of classified information "in violation of House Rules, law, regulations, or other standards of conduct."
Nunes said in a statement they had decided to step aside from the Russia investigation to fight the allegations and wanted "to expedite the dismissal of these false claims." They remain committee chairperson.
Representative Mike Conaway, the second-ranked Republican on the intelligence committee, will now lead the probe. While they were a strong Trump supporter last year, the seven-term member of congress was not a member of Trump's transition team, unlike Nunes.
The intelligence panel's top Democrat, Representative Adam Schiff, said Nunes' decision to step aside was made in "the best interests of the committee, and I respect that decision."
Schiff had called on Nunes to recuse himself.
Conaway, who is also chairperson of the House Agriculture Committee and a former House Ethics chairperson, is respected as an administrator and investigator.
"I have great admiration and respect for Mr. Conaway and look forward to continuing to work on that together," Schiff told reporters.
Democrats, and some Republicans, had said the House panel risked losing all credibility after Nunes received information at the White House that information about Trump aides had been swept up in routine surveillance, held a news conference and briefed Trump on it - all before sharing it with other members of their committee.
Lawmakers said Nunes' decision was welcome.
"We need to move on. We need to have an independent, credible investigation that makes progress," Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democratic committee member, said in an interview.
Trump praised Nunes as "honourable," calling both them and Conaway "high-quality" people in comments to reporters travelling to Florida on Air Force One.
'THE HOUSE IS ON TRIAL'
The ethics investigation stems from whether Nunes disclosed classified information while publicly discussing the contents of foreign intelligence reports.
Jane Harman, a former top House Intelligence Democrat who is now president of the Wilson Center think tank, said they hoped the committee could "overcome the paralysis" gripping the investigation. "Most people recognise that the House as an institution needs to do serious oversight here and that the House is on trial," they said.
House Republican leaders, including Speaker Paul Ryan, praised Nunes.
"He's just making sure that as they work through this other (ethics) process and makes sure that people understand they didn't do anything wrong. He's fully cooperating, and I believe they will be cleared," Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers, who leads the House Republican Conference, told reporters.
"But until that happens, it protects the integrity of the Russia investigation," they said.
Trump sparked a controversy in March when they tweeted, without giving evidence, that Obama had wiretapped them as they competed with Democrat Hillary Clinton in 2016.
Two and a half weeks later, Nunes held the news conference saying an unidentified source had shown them intelligence reports containing "unmasked" names of Trump associates incidentally caught up in routine foreign surveillance.
Immediately afterward, critics said they had disclosed classified information in what many saw as an effort to provide cover to Trump's wiretapping claim and distract from the wider Russia investigation, a day after FBI Director James Comey confirmed at a hearing that their agency was investigating the matter.
Nunes said surveillance of Trump associates appeared legal but expressed concern that Americans' names may have been improperly revealed.
That allegation kicked off an evolving, unsubstantiated controversy about whether the Obama White House spied on the incoming Trump administration.
U.S. foreign intelligence activities are classified, but the president can authorise the release of information about them. It is not clear whether Trump authorized Nunes to discuss the foreign surveillance.
(Additional reporting by Arshad Mohammed, David Morgan, Steve Holland, Amanda Becker, Susan Heavey, David Alexander and Mark Hosenball; Writing by Arshad Mohammed and Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Alistair Bell and Jonathan Oatis)
(Reuters Health) - Having a family history of prostate cancer doesn't make it more risky for men with a new diagnosis of the disease to initially hold off on active treatment in favor of monitoring with periodic lab tests, a research review suggests.
It's becoming more common for doctors to skip aggressive treatments like surgery or radiation for men with low-risk prostate tumors in favor of doing periodic tests to see if tumors grow, a practice known as active surveillance. But research to date has offered a mixed verdict on whether this approach is safe for certain men with a higher risk, including black patients and people with a family history of prostate tumors.
For the current study, researchers analyzed data from six previously published studies and found that active surveillance wasn't linked with an increased risk of prostate cancer progressing for men with a family history. One study did, however, find that family history increased the risk of cancer progression in black men.
“The current findings can help doctors reassure patients that having a family history of prostate cancer should not automatically exclude them from being considered for active surveillance, although more research needs to be done for African American men,” said senior study author Dr. James Dupree, a urology researcher at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
Most men with prostate cancer are diagnosed with low-risk tumors that haven't spread to other parts of the body. Often, doctors and patients struggle to choose the best course of action because it's hard to tell which tumors will grow fast enough to be life-threatening and which ones might never get big enough to cause problems.
“Just because a cancer is found, it does not automatically mean it needs to get treated right away,” Dupree said by email. “In some cases, cancer should be treated, but in other cases it may not need immediate treatment and can be managed with active surveillance.”
For example, Dupree and colleagues reviewed one study of 200 patients that didn't detect a meaningful difference in high-risk tumors based on whether or not men had a family history. In men who did have a family history, this study also didn't find a difference in risk based on the number of relatives with prostate cancer.
Two other studies in the review looked at biomarkers for prostate tumors, including results from prostate specific antigen (PSA) tests that are commonly used to look for these malignancies. Neither study found family history to be a meaningful predictor of aggressive prostate cancer.
In another study, family history wasn't a good predictor of aggressive tumors for most men, but it did signal an increased risk for black men.
One limitation of the research review is that it included only six studies, the authors note in BJU International.
Still, the findings should reassure men with a family history of prostate cancer that active surveillance may be a reasonable option in some cases, said Dr. Behfar Ehdaie, a urologic surgeon at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York who wasn't involved in the study.
“Screening for prostate cancer saves lives,” Ehdaie said by email. “However, the decisions after prostate cancer is detected may lead to overtreatment.”
To strike the right balance, doctors can screen men at a young age with a PSA blood test to help determine a patient's future risk, then recommend an appropriate treatment after a man is diagnosed with prostate cancer, Ehdaie added.
“Incorporating active surveillance to treat men with low risk prostate cancer reduces the harms of overtreatment associated with both surgery and radiation therapy,” Ehdaie said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2pq43YX BJU International, online April 6, 2017.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson chips to the 14th green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Phil Mickelson missed the PGA Championship cut after a 74 on Friday for an 11-over total and said they had to improve on their "atrocious" recent results to make the U.S. Presidents Cup team.
Steve Stricker concurred as they consider their captain's picks head of next month's biennial competition between the United States and an International team minus Europe.
"I'm not scoring well. I'm hitting the ball in every bad spot," Mickelson told reporters. "I mean the British (Open) and here have been atrocious."
Mickelson was 10-over and missed the cut last month at Royal Birkdale. They said they still have hopes of turning it around and competing in the Presidents Cup on Sept. 26-Oct. 1 at Liberty National in Jersey City, New Jersey, where they are a member.
"I would love to be on it but the way I'm playing, I've got to play better. I'll come out and play the first two FedExCup events," Mickelson said.
"If I can play well in those, I have a chance to get on the team on my own (through points). If I play well in them and don't make it, I have a chance to be a (captain's) pick. But I've got to play well in them."
Stricker had a better day on the Quail Hollow course, shooting 70 for three-over to clinch their leading 26th consecutive cut made in major championships.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson reacts to their chip on the 14th green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
They said the Presidents Cup, and Mickelson, weighed on their mind ahead of their Sept. 6 announcement of two captain's picks.
"We had a talk in Akron (at WGC-Bridgestone last week). They told me they want to be on this team more than anything," Stricker told reporters.
"And I would love to see them on the team. But like anybody else, I've got to see who's playing well at the time. I know he's struggling a little bit right now. And I told them I'd like them to play well from here on out and show me something."
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Phil Mickelson on the 17th tee during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
Stricker said they appreciated Mickelson's intangibles -- their leadership and experience.
"I know how important they are on a team. How good they are with the young guys and how good they are in the locker room," Stricker said. "But it's the same for all the guys... you want the best guys playing the best at the end of the year."
Mickelson shot the worst score of their career at the PGA Championship on Thursday, an eight-over 79.
On Friday they said they felt good physically and is swinging the club well, but needed to make a mental adjustment.
"It's not like I'm hitting the ball crooked," they said. "I'm just hitting it in the wrong spot. Not really controlling my thought process, where I want the ball to go. I'm just not real focused out there," Mickelson added.
LONDON Analysts have significantly increased their forecasts for European carbon prices in the bloc's Emission Trading System (ETS) for 2018 and 2019 to take into account the progress made in market reforms designed to curb oversupply.
Analysts expect EU Allowances (EUAs) to average 6.23 euros/tonne in 2018, and 8.78 euros/tonne in 2019, according to the poll of seven analysts published on Wednesday. [COMMODITYPOLL54]
The forecasts were up 10 percent and 23 percent, respectively, on prices given for the last poll published in January, of 5.67 euros for 2018 and 7.12 euros for 2019.
The European Union's ETS, a cap-and-trade permit system to regulate industry pollution, has suffered from excess supply since the financial crisis, depressing its prices.
As part of the process to fix the scheme the European Parliament in February adopted draft reforms for post-2020 and agreed to double the amount of permits that would be withdrawn from 2019 and placed into a so-called Market Stability Reserve (MSR).
"The developments regarding the EU ETS reforms give a more bullish tone for prices after 2018 compared to our previous forecasts," said Sandrine Ferrand, analyst at Engie Global Markets.
Benchmark EUAs currently trade around 5 euros/tonne, CFI2Zc1 and analysts said prices would likely rise this year, but that the increase would be curbed by excess supply.
The analysts expect EUAs to average 5.33 euros/tonne in 2017, little changed from the January average forecast of 5.25 euros/tonne.
In an effort to boost prices and curb the oversupply of allowances a total of 900 million EUAs were being gradually withheld from government auctions from 2014 to 2016 in a process called backloading.
From 2017 the auctions returned to normal, meaning some 200 million more EUAs will be auctioned by governments in 2017 than in 2016.
The analysts expect EUAs to average 5.33 euros/tonne in 2017, little changed from the January average forecast of 5.25 euros/tonne.
(Editing by Louise Heavens)
LONDON (Reuters) - Maria Lasitskene became the first Russian to win a gold medal at the World Championships in London after successfully defending their high jump title on Saturday, and said that they still hope to break the long-standing world record this season.
The 24-year-old, competing as an authorised neutral athlete, stretched their unbeaten streak to 25 competitions by clearing 2.03 metres to triumph in the London Stadium.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Having already secured gold, Lasitskene tried to beat the Russian national record and their own personal best by jumping 2.08m. But despite their intense concentration before each jump, they failed on all three attempts.
Still, it was a comfortable triumph for the athlete who missed out on going for their first Olympic title last year following their country's ban from the Rio Games after a WADA report exposed widespread doping in Russian athletics.
"A gold medal here was my main goal for this season but certainly I would like to raise the bar a bit higher. I didn't like any one of my attempts at 2.08m," they said.
"I hope I still have potential to break the world record this season," they added of the 2.09m mark set by Bulgaria's Stefka Kostadinova 30 years ago.
Yuliia Levchenko of Ukraine won their first major global medal by taking silver on Saturday after clearing a personal best height of 2.01m, while Kamila Licwinko of Poland, who jumped 1.99m, won bronze to pick up their maiden major outdoor medal.
"I am super excited about my first major medal from an outdoor championship. I am hungry to stay up here now and want to jump more and more," Licwinko said.
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
April 3 Magellan Aerospace Corp:
* Magellan Aerospace announces sale of property
* Magellan Aerospace Corp - sale will generate net cash proceeds of approximately $32.7 million
* Magellan Aerospace Corp - sale will generate net cash proceeds of approximately $32.7 million
* Magellan Aerospace Corp - move to newly constructed facility is expected to be completed and operational in early part of 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 12 Unilife Corp:
* Unilife files for chapter 11 protection
* Company has obtained a commitment for a $7 million debtor-in-possession financing facility
* Unilife's operations will remain ongoing during chapter 11 process
* Says SSG Capital Advisors LLC is company's restructuring advisor
* DIP financing, cash from operations, expected to provide sufficient liquidity during chapter 11 cases to support continuing business operations
* Foreign affiliates in Australia are not included in chapter 11 bankruptcy filing but are expected to be included in restructuring or sale
* Filed voluntary petitions under chapter 11 of U.S. Bankruptcy Code in United States Bankruptcy Court for District of Delaware
* Co has determined to simultaneously pursue both balance sheet restructuring of its debt, equity and a going concern sale of its assets
* Filed a number of "first-day" motions with court designed to facilitate a smooth transition into chapter 11 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The company logo of Rosneft is seen outside a service station in Moscow, Russia, November 12, 2013. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
LONDON Syndicated loan bankers are still waiting for details of a €5.2bn (4.43 billion pounds) loan that has been underwritten by Intesa Sanpaolo and finances the purchase of a 19.5% stake in Russian energy giant Rosneft (ROSN.MM), banking sources said.
To syndicate the loan, Intesa (ISP.MI) will have to give banks full details of the facility to allow lenders to get internal credit approvals as Russia is still subject to economic sanctions.
Sovereign wealth fund Qatar Investment Authority and oil trading company Glencore (GLEN.L) bought the stake for €10.5bn in December in one of the biggest transfers of Russian state assets into private hands since the 1990s.
QIA and Glencore provided €2.8bn and Intesa, Italy's biggest retail bank, provided a loan for the bulk of the purchase price, Reuters reported on January 17. It remains unclear how the balance of €2.2bn was financed.
Antonio Fallico, chairperson of Banca Intesa Russia, told Reuters in February that it was talking to 14 banks to syndicate the loan with the aim of choosing two to three banks to take up €2.5bn-€3bn.
Intesa initially held talks with lenders after the acquisition was announced, but further details have not been forthcoming and bankers are questioning whether the deal will now be syndicated.
“Intesa said they would launch the deal when the time is right – when is that?” one banker said.
Intesa Sanpaolo declined to comment.
The Italian government approved the €5.2bn loan on March 20. The deal was subject to regulatory scrutiny due to the size of the loan and its potential for entanglement in EU sanctions on Russia.
Rosneft, its boss Igor Sechin and Russia's main state banks are all subject to sanctions imposed after Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014.
Europe's top court on Tuesday upheld EU sanctions on Russia, including Rosneft.
Intesa could choose not to syndicate the loan and keep it on its balance sheet, bankers said, adding that a fully underwritten loan of this size would be challenging for any bank to hold, given the banking industry's constraints on capital, bankers said.
“It's a huge amount to take and hold – I haven't seen any fully underwritten loans like this which haven't then gone out to syndication – banks are encouraged to do this. I thought it would be done and dusted by now,” a third banker said.
Bankers contacted Intesa and parent bank IMI for more information after Fallico's statement in February, but none has been forthcoming and lenders are wondering whether to release resources that have been reserved for the deal.
“The longer they leave it, the less appetite there will be - we need to see the nuts and bolts of the deal before the heat goes out of it,” the third banker said.
Time may not be pressing for Intesa, which received a 19.5% stake in Rosneft as collateral for the loan on January 3, according to Reuters, and in February Fallico told Reuters that there was ‘no rush' in closing the syndication.
(Additional reporting by Stephen Jewkes in Milan. Editing by Tessa Walsh)
Tennis - Monte Carlo Masters - Monaco, 21/04/2017. Novak Djokovic of Serbia reacts during their match against David Goffin of Belgium. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
BELGRADE A floundering Novak Djokovic should seek advice from evergreen Swiss maestro Roger Federer in order to rediscover their vintage self, the Serb's former Davis Cup coach Bogdan Obradovic said.
Djokovic has suffered a spectacular fall from grace since they captured their maiden French Open title last June for their 12th major honour, completing a career slam of winning all four of the world's top tennis tournaments.
"Given that Federer was able to return into the top 10 and win this year's Australian Open at the age of 36, I see no reason why Djokovic can't be the world number one again," Obradovic told Belgrade daily Blic on Sunday.
"Maybe Djokovic should talk to Federer. They are friends, they have known each other for a long time and the Swiss can certainly give them some good advice."
Having relinquished the top spot in the ATP rankings to Briton Andy Murray in November, Djokovic made a shock second-round Australian Open exit to Uzbek Denis Istomin followed by successive defeats to Australian Nick Kyrgios in Acapulco and Indian Wells.
The 29-year-old Serb also crashed out of the Monte Carlo quarter-finals on Thursday with a painful defeat by Belgian David Goffin after they threw away a 4-2 lead in the third set.
Obradovic, who steered Serbia to the 2010 Davis Cup title and the 2013 final during their 10-year spell in charge, made way in December for doubles specialist Nenad Zimonjic who has since appeared in a dual player-coach role.
Having advised Djokovic several times to restore meat to their diet, Obradovic stressed they believed that Djokovic's perceived loss of appetite on the court has come hand-in-hand with more hunger shown by rivals who have sensed blood.
"All other players seem to be galvanised against them while their own motivation appears to be inconsistent and shifting all the time," said Obradovic.
"He is not at their best, their serve keeps fluctuating as do elements in their game which really used to be at highest level consistently.
"However, it is difficult to play at such a high level indefinitely. Murray has a huge advantage in the standings but I am sure Djokovic will be back in contention for the top spot."
(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic,; Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
A woman walks past electronic board showing stock prices and Japanese Yen's exchange rate outside a brokerage at a business district in Tokyo, Japan, January 23, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote - RTS12XY3
FILE PHOTO: Members of the French National Front (FN) political party paste a poster on a free billboard for the French National Front political party leader Marine Le Pen in Antibes, France, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/File Photo
NEW YORK Stocks on major markets rose along with the euro on Thursday as a market-friendly presidential candidate led in opinion polls ahead of elections in France on Sunday.
Former French finance minister, Emmanuel Macron, maintained a slim lead in polls, but the election is still a four-way battle in the first round vote on April 23. Should Macron rank first or second in Sunday's election, they are seen easily winning the runoff vote on May 7 after remaining candidates are eliminated.
However, after surprises in last year's U.S. election and the UK Brexit referendum, voter indecision and low turnout could catch markets wrong-footed yet again.
France's CAC stock index .FCHI jumped 1.5 percent, its strongest daily performance since March 1.
On Wall Street, stocks rose as traders continued to bet on a strong earnings reporting season. Profit expectations have risen in the last two weeks and S&P 500 stock index company earnings now are expected to have gained 11.1 percent in the first quarter.
"You look at a day like today and it tells you there is a lot of cash on the sidelines that wants an opportunity to buy when the market sells off even just a little bit," said Phil Blancato, CEO of Ladenberg Thalmann Asset Management in New York.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was up 174.22 points, or 0.85 percent, to 20,578.71, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 17.67 points, or 0.76 percent, to 2,355.84 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 53.74 points, or 0.92 percent, to 5,916.78.
The Nasdaq closed at a record.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index .FTEU3 ended up 0.18 percent and MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.63 percent. Emerging market stocks rose 0.58 percent.
EURO HOLDS NEAR 3-WEEK HIGHS
The euro held near a three-week high against the U.S. dollar as some traders closed out bets made on the grounds that the common currency would fall ahead of or after the election.
"Euro bulls will definitely respond to positive news around Macron, but that dissipates as the reality of low turnouts sets in," said Alfonso Esparza, senior currency analyst at OANDA in Toronto.
The euro EUR= was up 0.09 percent against the dollar at $1.0719 after hitting a three-week high of $1.0777 earlier in the session.
Oil prices ended mixed, as investors weighed rising U.S. production against geopolitical uncertainties.
U.S. crude prices CLc1 settled down 17 cents at $50.27 a barrel. Brent futures LCOc1 posted modest gains, however, ending up 6 cents to $52.99.
U.S. Treasury yields rose as investors waited on the results from the French election and as rising risk appetite boosted stocks, after yields fell earlier and broke below key technical resistance.
The 10-year note US10YT=RR fell 12/32 in price to yield 2.25 percent. The yield briefly fell as low as 2.165 percent on Tuesday, the lowest level since Nov. 10, and it has tumbled from 2.63 percent on March 14.
In other commodity markets, U.S. gold futures GCcv1 fell 0.09 percent to $1,282.60 an ounce.
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak, Saqib Iqbal Ahmed and Karen Brettell in New York, Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru, Libby George and Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
May 2 Plx Pharma Inc
* Rita m. o'connor appointed chief financial officer of plx pharma
* Plx pharma inc - o'connor succeeds david jorden, who has served as company's acting cfo since june 2015
* Plx pharma inc - jorden will transition at end of july Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The new Twenty20 tournament being planned by the England and Wales Cricket Board will not hurt the existing 18 counties, England's limited overs captain Eoin Morgan has said.
None of England's county sides are due to feature in the event due to start in 2020. Instead, it will involve eight city-based teams playing 36 games in 38 days and hopes to rival the Indian Premier League and Australia's Big Bash.
"I don't think it will damage county cricket at all," Morgan told British media. "It's not a gamble. It's proven in other countries that it is possible to have it all. We are never going to lose our core cricket fans."
The counties are being asked to agree a change to the ECB constitution, which currently says each competition must be open to them all. In return, each county would receive a financial inducement of 1.3 million pounds ($1.62 million) annually for five years.
The ECB announced on Tuesday that its board had given its unanimous support to trigger the formal process.
"And so even if this doesn't work, we can always go back. Although I think it will," Morgan added.
"Change is always difficult but I don't see this as change. It probably should have happened a while ago. The purpose of this tournament will be to grow the game."
($1 = 0.8022 pounds)
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
LONDON Standard Chartered (STAN.L) is in talks with regulators about making Frankfurt its European base to secure market access to the European Union when Britain leaves the bloc.
"We are looking at setting up a subsidiary in the EU to ensure we are prepared," Chairman Jose Vinals said on Wednesday at the Asia-focused bank's annual shareholder meeting in London.
"The choice of Frankfurt is very natural as we have a branch there and we do euro clearing there," they said.
London-based banks are expected to announce more concrete plans over the next two months for how they will ensure that they can continue serving customers as Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure.
Financial services firms need a regulated subsidiary in an EU country to offer their products across the bloc if Britain no longer has access to the European single market.
Bankers say Frankfurt is set to win the most business following a discreet but concerted campaign to promote the financial center of Europe's biggest economy.
Standard Chartered Germany head Heinz Hilger told Reuters the bank will set up a European subsidiary in Frankfurt and apply for a full banking license, allowing it to continue to carry out its business once passporting from the UK will become impossible.
"We currently have about 100 staff in Frankfurt and office space capacity to add another 20," they said.
Building a new European hub will be a step-by-step process and it was not yet possible to say how many employees the bank will have in Frankfurt in the end - which will be dependent on whether Brexit will be hard or soft, they added.
While the tasks of the bank's individual European branches will not change, Frankfurt will add some functions including acting as an information hub and maintaining contact with the banking regulator, they said.
A company spokesperson added that Standard Chartered will hire a small number of staff locally and the impact on UK staff would be minimal.
Vinals, in their first appearance in front of shareholders since being appointed chairperson, said Standard Chartered is unlikely to see a material impact from Brexit.
They said the board had decided it was the bank's best interest not to declare an ordinary divided for 2016, but said it is committed to resuming dividends as soon as possible.
The bank halted its dividend in 2015 to bolster its balance sheet, under a plan to restore profitability after three years of falling profit and strategic missteps.
(Additional reporting by Arno Schuetze; writing by Andrew MacAskill; editing by Alexander Smith and David Evans)
PARIS (Reuters) - Florian Thauvin hit a hat-trick as Olympique de Marseille claimed second place in Ligue 1 with a 6-3 home win against struggling Metz on Friday.
Thauvin found the back of the net both sides of the interval and Morgan Sanson, Valere Germain and Konstantinos Mitroglou also scored to put OM on 51 points from 24 games, eight points behind pacesetters Paris St Germain who travel to Lille on Saturday.
Metz replied through Florent Mollet twice and Ibrahima Niane late in the second half but stayed at the bottom of the standings on 18 points, seven points from safety.
Sanson put the hosts ahead after six minutes with a goal from close range and midfielder Thauvin doubled the tally two minutes later with a fine volley.
Thauvin made it 3-0 on the stroke of halftime from point blank range as Marseille were rewarded for their total domination. Germain latched onto Thauvin's cross to make it 4-0 four minutes into the second half, before Thauvin added another one from Dimitri Payet's cross before the hour.
Mollet pulled one back before Mitroglou restored a five-goal lead for the hosts.
Mollet and Niane reduced the arrears in the closing stages.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Adds central bank statement details, quote)
LAGOS, April 3 Nigeria's central bank said on Monday that it had offered $150 million in currency forwards, as it sold dollars to try to narrow the spread between the naira's official and black market exchange rates.
Earlier, currency traders said the forwards had been offered to be settled within 60 days. The bank also said on Monday, in an emailed statement, that it had released $90 million to meet requests for dollars to pay some expenses, such as medical and school fees, and to cover travel allowances.
"In a bid to further ease the access of customers, the CBN [Central Bank of Nigeria] has also directed all banks to pay cash over the counter to desiring foreign exchange customers," the central bank said in its statement.
The local currency was quoted at 395 to the dollar on the black market on Monday, against 390 at close on Friday.
The naira has weakened on the black market since Friday even though the central bank has said it will sell dollars to bureau de change operators to support the value of the naira. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Writing by Oludare Mayowa and Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Larry King)
March 31 Australian shares were trading flat with a downward bias on Friday as basic material and financial stocks fell, but were still on track to log their best month since December.
The S&P/ASX 200 index was down 0.2 percent at 5,883.3 in lacklustre trading at 0101 GMT. The index is on track to log its best week since Nov. 25.
"It's the last day of the quarter. The market had a pretty strong rally yesterday and it's just repositioning today," said Bill Keenan, general manager equities and researcher at Lonsec. Miner BHP BIlliton lost 0.3 percent while gold miner Newcrest Mining declined 0.7 percent and was on track for a fourth straight session of losses. Dalian Commodity Exchange Iron ore futures erased gains on Thursday, while gold dipped as the dollar strengthened.
Financial stocks, which had been gaining for the past six sessions, fell on Friday with the 'Big 4' banks losing between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commision (ACCC) on Friday denied authorization for banks to collectively bargain with Apple and boycott Apple Pay.
Meanwhile, banking watchdog Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority said it would place limits on interest-only residential loans to reinforce sound mortgage lending practices in a hot property market.
Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, included in the ACCC report, was up 0.8 percent.
Energy stocks in the region fell with Woodside Petroleum Ltd losing 0.5 percent.
Among gainers, telecom and utility sectors rose as Telstra Corporation Ltd gained nearly one percent and AGL Energy Ltd added 1.8 percent.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose a marginal 14.61 points to 7,183.72 and was set for its fourth straight day of gains as consumer stocks rose.
Fletcher Building Ltd rose 0.8 percent, while a2 Milk Company Ltd added 1.4 percent. For more individual stocks activity click on (Reoprting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; additional reporting by Christina Martin; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
April 3 Romania's financial supervision authority ASF
* Says assets held by Romania's mandatory private pension funds rose to 31.5 billion lei ($7.38 billion) in 2016, up 27.5 percent on the year.
* The European Union member overhauled its communist-era pension system in 2008, making it compulsory for working Romanians under 35 to contribute to a "second pillar" of private pension schemes as well as their state pension.
* Says 6.8 million people contributed to mandatory private pension funds in 2016.
* Says overall private pension assets, including optional third-pillar funds, amounted to 4.4 percent of gross domestic product at the end of 2016. ($1 = 4.2663 lei) (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; Editing by Radu Marinas)
A local resident of Charlottesville who did not wish to be identified, wipes tears from their eyes at a vigil for those killed and injured when a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters. REUTERS/Jim Bourg
A member of the Counterterrorism Service (CTS) walks at the site after an air strike attack against Islamic State triggered a massive explosion in Mosul, Iraq March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
WASHINGTON The Pentagon on Thursday said it would soon release a video showing Islamic State militants herding civilians into a building in the Iraqi city of Mosul and then firing from it, the U.S. military's latest response to an outcry over a separate explosion thought to have killed scores of civilians.
The U.S. military has acknowledged that the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in the March 17 explosion, but said Islamic State also could be to blame.
Local officials and eyewitnesses have said as many as 240 people may have died in the Al-Jadida district when a blast made a building collapse, burying families inside.
Rights group Amnesty International and Pope Francis have both called for better protection for civilians caught in war zones in Iraq.
The Pentagon does not regularly release images or videos from operations. However, it has had to do so once already this month after it denied striking a mosque in Syria, releasing an aerial image to show the mosque was intact. That incident is under investigation.
A spokesperson for the U.S-led coalition fighting Islamic State told reporters on Thursday they were working to declassify a video showing militants hiding civilians in a building in west Mosul to "bait the coalition to attack."
"What was see now is not the use of civilians as human shields ... For the first time we caught this on video yesterday as armed ISIS fighters forced civilians into a building, killing one who resisted and then used that building as a fighting position against the (Counterterrorism Service)," Colonel Joseph Scrocca said. They were using an acronym for Islamic State.
Scrocca said Islamic State tactics have led to adjustments in procedures, adding that about 1,000 Islamic State fighters remained in west Mosul, but did not give details on these changes. They added than an in-depth investigation into the strikes had been opened on March 17.
On Tuesday, Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, the senior U.S. commander in Iraq, told reporters by teleconference it was "a little disappointing" that questions during the briefing focussed on U.S.-led air strikes.
"ISIS is slaughtering Iraqis and Syrians on a daily basis. ISIS is cutting off heads. ISIS is shooting people," they said.
Amnesty International has said the high civilian toll in Mosul suggests U.S.-led coalition forces have failed to take adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths.
Pope Francis on Wednesday said it was "imperative and urgent" to protect civilians in Iraq.
At their weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square, Francis said they were "concerned about civilian populations trapped in the neighbourhoods of western Mosul".
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by John Walcott and James Dalgleish)
Mansfield Town's incredible defence may have proved they are only human in last night's eight-goal thriller.
But Steve Evans' men displayed another vital quality for success last night as their tenacity and never-say-die attitude earned them an unlikely point.
It was a truly incredible, crazy night that left both sets of fans as exhausted and emotionally drained as the players leaving the pitch last night.
The match could have ended 8-8 with so many chances at both ends and will have given the crowd that turned up as many thrills as anyone could wish for on a Valentine's Day evening!
There can be few times in the club's history when Mansfield Town fans have given their side an ovation at the end of a home game in which they have conceded four goals.
Click HERE to see the video highlights
Click HERE to read the match report
Click HERE to read Steve Evans' thoughts
But that is what happened, and you couldn't say they didn't deserve it.
The noise was such that the hairs on the back of your neck stood up and you knew you'd just witnessed something special.
Accrington have long been Mansfield's bogey side and it is now 12 League games since they beat them.
With Stags' eight-game unbeaten run and three successive clean sheets (seven in the previous nine games), a glance at the League Two tables before last night's game suggested the end of Stanley's hoodoo was imminent.
But struggling Accrington belied their place in the table with an attacking ambition and a superb right midfielder in Jordan Clark, who caused so many problems.
Once they had opened out a 2-0 lead through some uncharacteristic poor home defending, you wondered how Mansfield were going to come back.
The officials, who had a poor night, thankfully decided Rhys Bennett's close range attempt from a corner had crossed the line to offer a lifeline.
But the Stags then saw that lifeline wrenched away from them by one of the goals of the night.
Former Mansfield loanee striker Billy Kee's turn and dipping finish from 25 yards out on the right was genius and rightly won applause from the home fans too.
A see-saw first half ended with Hayden White making it 3-2 with their first goal for the club from a corner and we all headed to the pie stands and toilets to try to get our breath back.
The goal thrills continued as Shaq Coulthirst levelled from the spot before Kee completed their brace with a penalty two minutes later in a tit for tat.
Stags continued to press and there can't have been many eruptions of joy at the OCS as loud as the one that greeted sub Yoann Arquin's 90th minute 25-yard super strike that levelled matters once more.
Seven added minutes – punishment for Accrington's tiresome time-wasting and injury-faking tactics – failed to produce a winner that would have surely seen the roof blown off the Ian Greaves Stand.
The game ended with 10 yellow cards, though amazingly 11 on 11, yet it was never a particularly dirty game.
Despite the magnificent fightback and four goals scored, few members of Steve Evans' side will look back at the night with much fondness.
Danny Rose and Shaq Coulthirst worked hard up front and Ben Whiteman got stuck in.
But the back four and skipper Lee Collins, as defensive midfielder, had a nightmare and, seeing that happening in front of him, loanee keeper Jake Kean, also seemed to crumble and made several errors in their worst game yet.
Little came off for full debutant winger Alex MacDonald while Joel Byrom for once struggled to make things tick in central midfield and was taken off at the break for the pace injection of CJ Hamilton, who failed to make enough of an impact but did hit a post.
However, at this stage of the season, every point is vital and Stags remain in the top seven and even strengthened their position with eighth-placed Wycombe losing again.
Evans let their players know in no uncertain terms what they thought of their defending afterwards and the return from injury this week of giant centre half Kyle Howkins should help matters.
It was a heart-stopping match for both managers, but, as always, football fans would much rather see a 4-4 than a 0-0 and it will go down in history as one of the most exciting games ever seen at the stadium.
April 3 Ultra Petroleum Corp
* Ultra Petroleum Corp announces $1.2 billion two-tranche offering of senior notes
* Ultra Petroleum Corp - unit intends to offer $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2022
* Ultra Petroleum - unit intends to also offer $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due in 2025
* Ultra Petroleum - intends to use proceeds from offering, with proceeds from other financings, cash to fund distributions provided for under reorganization plan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Grandvision
* Q1 revenue EUR 845 million ($922.15 million) versus EUR 803 million year ago
* Q1 adjusted EBITDA EUR 136 million versus EUR 123 million year ago
* Q1 total number of stores was 6,551 versus 6,121 year ago
* Expects a softer Q2 17 due to the timing of the Easter holidays and higher prior year comparables especially in the other europe segment Source text for Eikon: See also: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom:)
The logo of OrCam, makers of a wearable device which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Amnon Shashua, co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen during an interview with Reuters at their second high-tech company, OrCam, makers of a wearable device which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
MyEye, a wearable device by OrCam, which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Moshe Fischer, 66, user of MyEye, a wearable device by OrCam, which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, reads a newspaper during a demonstration for Reuters at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
A man works at high-tech company OrCam, makers of a wearable device which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Moshe Fischer, 66, user of MyEye, a wearable device by OrCam, which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, reads a newspaper during a demonstration for Reuters at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Glasses are seen next to a MyEye, a wearable device by OrCam, which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
The office of high-tech company OrCam, makers of a wearable device which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, and whose chairperson Amnon Shashua is also the co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, is seen in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
Amnon Shashua, co-founder of Israeli start-up Mobileye, gestures during an interview with Reuters at their second high-tech company, OrCam, makers of a wearable device which provides visual aid for visually impaired people, at their office in Jerusalem March 28, 2017. Picture taken March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
JERUSALEM With the ink barely dry on the $15 billion sale of their autonomous driving technology firm Mobileye (MBLY.N) to Intel (INTC.O), inventive Israeli entrepreneur Amnon Shashua now has their sights set on taking another start-up public by the end of next year.
Roughly a decade after founding Mobileye, whose camera-based sensor chips and software systems are helping to develop self-driving cars, Shashua set up OrCam, which uses a camera mounted on eyeglass frames to help the visually impaired interact with their surroundings.
OrCam's system can read newspapers, street signs and recognize common items, dictating words into the user's ear.
The company completed a $41 million investment funding round last month that values the company at $600 million.
"Sales targets for 2017 are four times more than 2016," Shashua told Reuters. "By the end of 2018 the revenue, the profit, of the company will be at such a level, together with the ability to forecast, that it's good enough for an IPO."
The listing would either be on Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange, they said.
The company would not provide further financial details.
The Intel-Mobileye deal, announced on March 13, is expected to close within nine months and will result in Intel's Automated Driving Group being integrated into Mobileye and based in Israel, with Shashua, Mobileye's chairperson and chief technology officer heading up the combined group.
Though most of their time will be focused on Mobileye, Shashua doesn't see that detracting from their efforts to prepare OrCam for a listing, although commentators have questioned how easy it will be able to divide up their time.
"I'm going to get more responsibilities as folding in Intel's assets in autonomous driving and leading the combined effort, but I believe that this is not going to change anything in terms of the time I spend at OrCam," they said.
Intel has also invested $6 million dollars in OrCam.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Here are the stories generating the most comments this week on Military.com, along with a sampling of responses edited for clarity:
Trump Criticizes McCain in Tweets Defending Yemen Raid
McCain above all knows about combat and by its very nature there will be casualties. The incident in Yemen was to gather intelligence of which it is reported was successful. Tragic is the only word to the loss of any United States Serviceman. I voted for McCain but it is time to quit criticizing the CIC. -- RJM3390
I disagree, someone like McCain and other veteran politicians democrats or republicans should call out a mission that has the loss of any service members. You and I both know that if this same Seal Team had taken losses when they killed OBL people would have criticized President Obama. -- DrillSgt8689
Air Force Wants, But Can't Afford, New B-52 Engines
What this story omits is that the Airforce did a cost/benefit analysis on new engines for the B-52 and found that the upfront cost for the replacement engines was much higher than the amount of money saved during the remaining life of these old air frames. -- VicDog
As usual the armed services can't see beyond the ends of their noses. Now they are trying to sucker people into financing those engines and then waiting years for a payback. Those updates in engines should have been done long ago and we should be reaping those savings now. -- Black Bart
No Plans to Limit Women in Combat, General Says
If women can meet the standards, let them serve. Standards are not being lowered, and if only a small number of women meet the standards, that's fine. What's with the haters trying to argue that we should allow ZERO women in combat even if they DO meet the standards? -- Kyle Benjamin Fishman
Currently most men that can not cut it are either not accepted or released prior to the completion of training, known as Entry Level Separation (ELS). In order to keep the gender quotas most women pass, keep in mind there are separate standards for the genders. -- Jane Fughs
Pentagon Looking to Rent Space at Trump Tower
I suspect what these "negotiations" might be about is the amount the gov't is authorized to pay, much less than the quoted amount here, and the services to be provided for that amount. -- rr02
This is gone too far, now the Pentagon wants to pay Trump millions of dollars to rent their home to protect him. This is completely crazy, when was the last time the government rented a sitting presidents home just to protect him. To rent Trump towers is going to cost millions each month on top of HOA dues and utilities. What a waste of taxpayers money. -- DrillSgt8689
Appeals Court Refuses to Reinstate Trump Travel Ban
Quote " the ban unconstitutionally blocked entry to people based on religion" what is unconstitutional? These people are not American citizens so how can American values apply to non-Americans? I understand America is so wrapped up in the Constitution, but it is supposed to be a set of ideals....not a death sentence. -- Gappac
The problem with this ruling is that any court in the land can overturn any executive order. This is dangerous, and if allowed to start, will never stop. Every action by any president will be challenged, and nothing will ever be done. -- 12829042
Afghan War Stalemated After 15 Years: Top US Commander
Russia figured it out years ago, that it was a no win situation. Why does the US persist in thinking they can change Afghanistan.? Drug money, that's why. The military/industrial complex is lining it's pockets with cash from the sale of material and the spoils of war. -- Glenn Lukas
Just think of what we could have done with all the money wasted from VN till today on military adventures. Completely rebuilt all our internal infrastructure, roads, bridges, etc.. and colonized the moon. And built the wall. Or found the cure for cancer. Found the cure for aging. Yeah, we've been stupid. But we can stop being stupid. -- froggy57
-- Justin Sloan can be reached at Justin.Sloan@Monster.com. Follow them on Twitter @JustinMSloan.
March 29 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* Tesco Plc Chief Executive Dave Lewis has declared the crisis at the supermarket chain over and said it is "moving on" after agreeing to pay about 235 million pounds ($292.6 million) to settle a false accounting investigation. bit.ly/2o46XUO
* Square Inc, the payments company led by Twitter Inc Chief Executive Jack Dorsey said on Tuesday it had officially launched in UK after a pilot project. bit.ly/2o8y2a1
The Guardian
* Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has won a key Holyrood vote on their plans for a second independence referendum, triggering accusations from UK ministers that their demands are premature. bit.ly/2odEk4N
* The European parliament will veto any Brexit deal that prevents European Union citizens who move to the UK during the next two years from having the same rights to live and work in Britain as those already in the country. bit.ly/2nqD2n4
The Telegraph
* Virgin Media has launched an internal investigation and suspended staff over concerns they may have exaggerated the progress of its 3 billion pound Project Lightning network expansion project. bit.ly/2nK3JFm
Sky News
* British Prime Minister Theresa May will issue an appeal to the country to "come together" as they formally launch the process for the UK to leave the European Union. bit.ly/2o4kJqA
* Leading business groups in UK and Europe will plead this week for a smooth Brexit based on a commitment to free trade amid renewed warnings about the consequences of failing to secure a deal. bit.ly/2ow8QWX
The Independent
* As Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to trigger Article 50 on Wednesday, former business secretaries Michael Heseltine, Peter Mandelson and Vince Cable told the Independent leaving with no arrangement in place would be disastrous for British firms and jobs. ind.pn/2mNLe3L
* Uber Technologies Inc said it is ending operations in Denmark in April as a result of new taxi laws, marking the latest setback for the U.S.-based ride hailing company. ind.pn/2ndHwf7
($1 = 0.7957 pounds) (Compiled by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
A doorman looks out as workers walk in the rain past the Lloyd's of London building in the City of London, Britain, January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Lloyd's of London, the world's largest speciality insurance market, has picked Brussels for its planned European Union subsidiary, The Insurance Insider reported late on Tuesday.
It will ask its council to ratify the decision when it meets later, the publication said, on the same day British Prime Minister Theresa May triggers Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty.
The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Lloyd's has been one of London's financial services firms most vocal about the need for a European Union subsidiary if Britain has no access to the single market after leaving the bloc.
On Monday Reuters reported Lloyd's shortlist of six locations had been reduced to Brussels and Luxembourg. Dublin, Frankfurt, Malta and Paris were dropped.
Lloyd's could move dozens of staff to its subsidiary, rather than the hundreds some banks plan to shift, sources said.
The choice by Lloyds could affect other insurers' plans.
(Reporting by Dasha Afanasieva, editing by Louise Heavens)
(Corrects previous period as follows because of accounting period change) Apr 28 (Reuters)- Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co Ltd CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) 3 months ended 3 months ended Year to Mar 31, 2017 Jun 30, 2016 Dec 31, 2017 LATEST LATEST RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST Sales 30.75 36.77 150.00 Operating 4.96 7.30 20.00 Recurring 4.85 7.14 21.00 Net 3.46 5.22 15.10 EPS 43.84 yen 64.97 yen 191.62 yen EPS Diluted 43.81 yen 64.92 yen Ann Div 52.00 yen 52.00 yen -Q2 div 25.00 yen 26.00 yen -Q4 div 27.00 yen 26.00 yen NOTE - Kobayashi Pharmaceutical Co Ltd. To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=4967.T
SAHIBGANJ, India (Reuters) - An elephant blamed for killing more than a dozen people in the eastern Indian states of Jharkhand and Bihar was shot dead on Friday, after an elaborate hunt that involved dozens of forest officials and a sharpshooter.
State forest official N. K. Singh said the team was assembled was after the elephant, believed to be 20-25 years old, had killed 11 people in the state since March and had damaged some houses.
Singh said the elephant was also believed to have killed four people in the neighboring state of Bihar before that.
Sharpshooter Shafath Ali Khan said in an interview that they first came upon the animal on Thursday, and fired a tranquilizer dart into the elephant's neck but did not bring it down.
The animal escaped, but Khan later shot and killed the elephant with a .458 calibre magnum rifle.
Khan said it was the seventh elephant they had killed, adding that in the past they had also killed five tigers and eight leopards that had threatened people in other parts of the country.
Forest officials removed the elephant's tusks and planned to bury the animal in the forest with salt and some flowers.
* Rupee hits strongest vs dollar since Oct. 28, 2015
* NSE index up 0.36 pct, BSE index 0.38 pct higher
* Financial sector contributes most to gains
* Bharti Infratel top gainer on NSE index
By Aby Jose Koilparambil
March 29 The Indian rupee hit its strongest level against the dollar in nearly 1-1/2 years while shares edged up on Wednesday as strong foreign investments into the country continued, although broader gains were capped ahead of earnings results.
Foreign investors have bought a net $6.91 billion in debt and equities so far this month on hopes of an improving economy and optimism over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's reform process after their victory in the key northern state of Uttar Pradesh.
But whether gains can sustain will likely hinge on earnings results, due to start in April, and the global risk environment, according to analysts.
"There are two factors that continue to keep the markets up. Both domestic and FII flows have been extremely strong. If the flows continue to be there at that extent, markets tend to look up," said R Sreesankar, co-head, Institutional Equities at Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd.
The rupee rose to as high as 64.91 per dollar, its strongest level since Oct. 28, 2015 and was last trading at 64.94/95, compared with its 65.0350 close on Monday. Debt and currency markets are closed on Tuesday for a bank holiday.
The broader NSE index was up 0.36 percent at 9,133.40 by 0600 GMT, while the benchmark BSE index was 0.38 percent higher at 29,522.02.
The Nifty Finance index gained for the fourth session in five amid hopes the sector could benefit from an improving economy.
Index heavyweight State Bank of India gained as much as 2.18 percent while Axis Bank rose as much as 2 percent.
The Nifty Bank index hit a record high in morning trade, with Bank of India gaining 2.5 percent and Canara Bank trading about 2 percent higher.
Bharti Infratel rose as much as 7 percent to be the top gainer on the NSE index after promoter Bharti Airtel completed a transfer of 11.32 percent stake in its telecom tower unit to Nettle Infra Investments Ltd. (Reporting by Aby Jose Koilparambil in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
A handout by Nord Stream 2 claims to show the first pipes for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline being delivered by rail to the German logistics hub Mukran on the island of Rugen, Germany, in this undated photo provided to Reuters on March 23, 2017. Axel Schmidt/Courtesy of Nord... REUTERS
COPENHAGEN/BRUSSELS The European Union is seeking a mandate from members to negotiate with Russia over objections to its plans to build a second pipeline to pump more gas to Europe via the Baltic Sea to Germany, an EU document showed, as some EU states worry it will make Europe too reliant on Russian gas.
Russian state gas exporter Gazprom (GAZP.MM), which supplies around a third of the EU's gas, with much coming via Ukraine, is keen for Nord Stream 2 to be built by 2019, when it must renegotiate gas transit fees with Kiev.
But the plan has bitterly divided the EU. Eastern European and Baltic Sea states fear a new pipeline will increase their dependence on Russian gas and undermine Ukraine's role, while Germany and other beneficiaries in northern Europe back the plan.
The European Commission and German regulators are at odds over whether EU law should apply to the pipeline.
In a March 28 letter addressed to Denmark and Sweden, the Commission said it was inviting all EU states to voice their concerns and would seek a mandate from EU energy ministers to negotiate an agreement with Moscow on behalf of the bloc.
"It is our view that a specific legal regime would need to be established for the offshore section, and that such specific legal regime should include some fundamental principles stemming from EU energy law," the Commission said.
"It cannot be built or operated ... in a legal void."
Discussions would focus on how EU rules aimed at ensuring competitiveness and transparency in the gas market could be applied to the offshore pipeline, the Commission said.
The March 28 letter followed a request made this year by Denmark and Sweden for Brussels to intervene on Nord Stream 2 before the two states decide on permits for it to pass through their waters. EU diplomats said there was little scope for either nation to block the plan.
Denmark said it was studying the "complex issues" presented by the Commission's response. "We are pleased that the government's effort to get the commission's assessment has borne fruit," a spokesperson for Denmark's foreign ministry told Reuters.
EU diplomats, however, said the Commission might struggle to secure enough support from member states given the project has the backing of Germany, the bloc's biggest economy that will host the end-point for the 55 billion cubic meters a year pipeline.
Germany, which rejects broaching questions over the legality of the project at an EU-level, maintained its stance that the project was a purely commercial one on Thursday.
"As soon as the EU Commission presents proposals to the member states, we look to study them carefully," a spokesperson for the economic ministry said.
"The construction, planning and operations of Nord Stream 2 naturally have to be carried out according to laws in place in Germany and Europe."
The Commission does not yet have a timeline for bringing its proposal to member states, EU officials said.
Under EU rules two thirds of the 28 EU member states representing two thirds of the bloc's population would need to back the offer for the EU to open talks with Russia, they said.
The Commission has negotiated a legally-binding treaty with third countries on a pipeline on behalf of EU members in the past, when it held talks with Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan over the Trans-Caspian pipeline.
EU diplomats said Russian President Vladimir Putin would have to take any decision to abandon or modify plans by Gazprom, which has gas export monopoly.
The Nord Stream 2 project company on Thursday rejected the Commission's suggestion that the project undercut its drive for a single EU energy market.
"It is not up to the European Commission to make a political judgment on whether investments are needed by the market or not," the company said in a statement.
(Additional reporting by Vera Eckert in Frankfurt and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Editing by Edmund Blair, Greg Mahlich)
FILE PHOTO: Chinese employees work near a machine for hot-rolled steel at the Baosteel factory in Shanghai February 25, 2005. REUTERS/Claro Cortes IV CC/CN
BEIJING China's commerce ministry said on Thursday that it is highly concerned by the European Union (EU) decision to slap 18.1 percent to 35.9 percent anti-dumping duty on China's hot-rolled steel coil.
China urged the EU to "correct its mistake" in levying the anti-dumping duty and said it would take "necessary measures" to protect Chinese firms rights, according to the statement posted on the commerce ministry's website.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
French court advisor says Google not liable for back taxes
PARIS, June 14 U.S. internet giant Google should not be held liable for over one billion euros ($1.13 billion) in back taxes in France, an independent court advisor recommended to French judges, a court official said on Tuesday.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
* TSX up 36.65 points, or 0.24 percent, to 15,584.40
* Half of the TSX's 10 main groups were up (Adds market and company details, analyst comment, updates to close)
TORONTO/OTTAWA, April 3 Canada's main stock index ended modestly higher after a choppy session on Monday as gains in gold producers and other resource shares offset weakness in the energy sector and consumer-related stocks.
Teck Resources Ltd rose 5.5 percent to C$30.68 as European coal futures rose due to a disruption of coal exports caused by rail line damage in northeast Australia from Cyclone Debbie, which struck last week. Teck is a producer of steelmaking coal.
Teck helped the materials group climb 1.7 percent, making it the best performing sector on TSX. Gold producers also rallied along with the price of gold, including Barrick Gold, which advanced 2.3 percent to C$25.85, and Agnico Eagle Mines, which rose 3.3 percent to C$58.30.
The market vacillated between positive and negative territory during the session and the TSX will likely stick to its recent trading range until earnings season starts in the coming weeks, said John Kinsey, portfolio manager at Caldwell Securities Ltd.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index ended up 36.65 points, or 0.24 percent, at 15,584.40. Of the index's 10 main groups, half were in positive territory.
SNC-Lavalin Group Inc gained 0.8 percent to C$52.58, after rising as much as 2.3 percent after the company offered to buy WS Atkins for about 2.1 billion pounds ($2.62 billion).
Enbridge Inc was among the biggest drags on the market, declining 0.4 percent to C$55.49. The energy group , which retreated 0.2 percent, tracked oil prices which were pressured by a rebound in Libyan oil output. U.S. crude prices settled down 36 cents at $50.24 a barrel.
Magna International Inc also weighed on the index, sliding 2.2 percent to C$56.14 and helping push the consumer discretionary group down 0.6 percent.
Other consumer stocks also came under pressure, including Loblaw Cos Ltd, which was down 0.8 percent at C$71.61, and Dollarama Inc, which fell 1.0 percent to C$109.12.
In economic data, Canadian business was more optimistic about future sales and exports, and plan to boost hiring and investment to meet demand despite uncertainty about U.S. protectionism, according to the Bank of Canada's quarterly business outlook survey.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the TSX by 127 to 121, for a 1.05-to-1 ratio on the upside. The index posted eight new 52-week highs and no new lows. ($1 = 0.8011 pound) (Reporting by Solarina Ho in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
March 29 Exelixis Inc:
* Exelixis further reduces indebtedness by repaying silicon valley bank term loan
* Exelixis Inc - Exelixis also plans to eliminate another source of indebtedness later this year by retiring Deerfield notes
* Exelixis- repaid all amounts outstanding under term loan with silicon valley bank initiated in 2010 and which was due for repayment on May 31, 2017
* Exelixis Inc - retiring Deerfield notes 1 year ahead of maturity date will provide savings of about $12 million in interest expense, net of termination fee
* Exelixis Inc - $80.1 million payment included $80.0 million in principal and approximately $60,000 in interest outstanding Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN German retail sales rose more than expected on the month in February but unexpectedly dropped on the year, data showed on Friday, sending mixed signals about the health of this sector of Europe's largest economy.
The volatile indicator, which is often subject to revision, showed retail sales increased by 1.8 percent on the month in real terms, the Federal Statistics Office said. That beat expectations for a 0.7 percent rise and followed a downwardly revised drop of 1.0 percent in January.
On the year, shops sold 2.1 percent less in February, confounding forecasts for a 0.3 percent increase in sales.
Consumption has become a key growth driver for the German economy, which was traditionally propelled by exports, as Germans revel in record-high employment, increased job security, rising real wages and ultra-low borrowing costs.
The data came after a GfK survey showed German consumer sentiment unexpectedly fell to its lowest level in five months going into April, partly due to people's concerns that rising inflation will erode their purchasing power.
A breakdown of the year-on-year data showed sharp drops in sales of food, drinks and tobacco as well as clothing, shoes and other items such as books and jewellery.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Paul Carrel)
LONDON Finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday they were confident Britain would negotiate a customs arrangement with the European Union that would allow for borders to be as frictionless as possible after Brexit.
Hammond was speaking hours before Prime Minister Theresa May officially starts the process of Britain leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the bloc's Lisbon Treaty.
"Everybody in the EU and the UK is going to go into this negotiation looking to protect their own interests," Hammond said in an interview on BBC radio, answering a question about customs arrangements after Brexit.
"It is not in the interests of anybody on the continent of Europe to have lines of trucks. It is not in the interests of the millions of EU workers who spend their days producing goods to be sold in the UK.
"It is not in the interests of French farmers who produce fresh produce coming into the UK every day that there are lines of trucks. So I am very confident that we will not get an outcome that is the worst case outcome for everybody. That would be ridiculous."
Hammond said Britain accepted that after Brexit it could no longer be a member of the European single market or a full member of the customs union, and that would have consequences.
"We understand that we can't cherry pick. We can't have our cake and eat it," they said.
However, they said a customs arrangement could be negotiated that would make borders as frictionless as possible. They said this was "vitally important" for Northern Ireland, where the border with the Irish Republic will be the United Kingdom's only land border with the EU.
"Nobody on either side of this discussion wants to see us having to return to the hard border of the old days," they said, referring to past years of violent conflict in Northern Ireland when border posts were among many flashpoints.
Hammond was repeatedly pressed on what would happen if the two years of talks between Britain and the EU foreseen by Article 50 went by and no deal was reached, but they refused to be drawn.
"I am absolutely confident that we will negotiate a deal with the European Union," they said.
They added that the British government had plans in place for day one after leaving the EU that took into account "a huge variety" of possible outcomes of the negotiations.
Hammond also signalled tough negotiations ahead on the issue of payments Britain would have to make to the EU during or even after Brexit, saying that they simply did not recognise "some of the very large numbers that have been bandied about in Brussels".
"I am not surprised that they have been bandied about – this is after all a negotiation – and it is not surprising to me that our negotiating partners are setting out a very aggressive starting line for the discussion."
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon and David Milliken; editing by Kate Holton)
The GM logo is seen in Warren, Michigan, U.S. on October 26, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook/File Photo
CARACAS General Motors (GM.N) said on Wednesday that Venezuelan authorities had illegally seized its plant in the industrial hub of Valencia and vowed to "take all legal actions" to defend its rights.
The seizure comes amid a deepening economic crisis in leftist-led Venezuela that has already roiled many U.S. companies.
"Yesterday, GMV's (General Motors Venezolana) plant was unexpectedly taken by the public authorities, preventing normal operations. In addition, other assets of the company, such as vehicles, have been illegally taken from its facilities," the company said in a statement.
It said the seizure would cause irreparable damage to the company, its 2,678 workers, its 79 dealers and to its suppliers.
Venezuela's Information Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for information.
Venezuela's car industry has been in freefall, hit by a lack of raw materials stemming from complex currency controls and stagnant local production, and many plants are barely producing at all.
In early 2015, Ford Motor Co (F.N) wrote off its investment in Venezuela when it took an $800 million pre-tax writedown.
The country's economic crisis has hurt many other U.S. companies, including food makers and pharmaceutical firms. A growing number are taking their Venezuelan operations out off their consolidated accounts.
Venezuela's government has taken over factories in the past. In 2014 the government announced the "temporary" takeover of two plants belonging to U.S. cleaning products maker Clorox Co which had left the country.
Venezuela faces around 20 arbitration cases over nationalizations under late leader Hugo Chavez.
(Reporting by Joe White and Alexandra Ulmer; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
April 12 Starcore International Mines Ltd
* Starcore international mines ltd- has repaid outstanding secured bonds in aggregate principal amount of cdn$4.5 million
* Starcore international mines ltd - bonds were to mature on May 12, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-German postal service enlists Ford for electric vans drive
DUESSELDORF, Germany, June 14 German logistics group Deutsche Post DHL Group is expanding its foray into electric delivery vans, signing Ford as a components supplier for a new line of larger vehicles, the companies said on Wednesday.
More than April showers are responsible for the flowers that soon will beautify the path to Ohio Wesleyan University's Branch Rickey Arena.
New 30-foot-by-15-foot rain gardens are currently being installed on each side of the north steps leading to the athletics facility. The project is a collaborative effort involving OWU students and faculty, City of Delaware employees, and even an Ohio State University graduate student.
The rain gardens were proposed by Janelle Valdinger, a public utilities GIS technician for the city and an OWU student in professor John Krygier's environmental geography course.
“Our community, and the surrounding environment, are ours to protect,” said Valdinger, a junior geography major who has worked full-time for the city for about a year. “These bio-retention cells are living examples of the best management practices for stormwater management.
“This implementation allows us to prevent, and reduce, pollution from nonpoint sources,” added Valdinger, who has helped to secure $7,500 in city stormwater funds to cover the cost of creating the environmentally friendly gardens.
“My hopes for this project are simple – education and encouragement,” Valdinger said. “Students, faculty, and residents will be able to view these cells, along with educational signage explaining their purpose. As for encouragement, I hope seeing a student project of this caliber come to life on campus inspires other students to step outside their comfort zone and pursue their ideas, no matter how big or small they may be.”
The rain gardens will be located around stormwater drains that follow the bed of a now-buried stream that empties into the Olentangy River. The gardens will be filled with colorful flowers including pink phlox, blue flag irises, yellow black-eyed Susans, red cardinal flowers and orange butterfly milkweeds.
The flowers were selected with oversight from Caroline Cicerchi, Delaware's sustainability and watershed coordinator, and input from OWU first-year student Dustin Braden, a double-major in environmental studies and communication who previously worked with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to help convert land in their hometown of Granville, Ohio, into a public nature preserve.
Braden said they and Cicerchi chose plants that “would be effective and beautiful, as well as great habitat for pollinators and other native Ohio species.” They also selected plants with differing bloom cycles so that the rain gardens provide splashes of vibrant color from late April to early November.
Not only will the gardens be eye-catching, said Krygier, Ph.D., OWU's director of environmental studies, but they also will help to improve the environment.
“Rain gardens improve water quality in nearby bodies of water,” Krygier said. “They have the ability to reduce the amount of pollution reaching nearby streams and rivers by up to 30 percent. The gardens work by trapping stormwater and filtering it to reduce pollutants such as oil, gasoline, road salt, pesticides and fertilizers.”
Krygier said they and their students are grateful for the collaboration of so many people in planning and installing Ohio Wesleyan's first rain gardens, including the City of Delaware, the university's building and grounds staff, botany and microbiology professors Laurie Anderson and David Johnson, and Jonathan Stechschulte, an OSU master's student in landscape architecture who created hand-drawn renderings of the gardens.
Krygier said they look forward to similar collaborations in the future.
“More projects like this are underway, but not yet official,” they said. “All are the result of collaboration among OWU students, staff and faculty, the City of Delaware, alumni and others. They are at the core of our new Environment and Sustainability Program, and, shaped by The OWU Connection and distinctive program goals, they are a win-win for all participants. We also have a growing array of externships and internships, some of which overlap with these projects.”
Crews work Monday on removing land to create space for a spring garden to be located just outside the main doors to Branch Rickey Arena on the Ohio Wesleyan University campus. http://www.delgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/40/2018/04/web1_OWU-Worked.jpg Crews work Monday on removing land to create space for a spring garden to be located just outside the main doors to Branch Rickey Arena on the Ohio Wesleyan University campus. Joshua Keeran | The Gazette
City, OWU working together on project
Special to The Gazette delnews@aimmediamidwest.com
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @delgazette. Like The Gazette on Facebook.
Follow The Delaware Gazette on Twitter @delgazette. Like The Gazette on Facebook.
BRUSSELS, April 23 Belgian and Swiss media carried reports on Sunday saying that unidentified pollsters believed Emmanuel Macron would reach the French presidential runoff but that it was unclear who their opponent would be.
France's official polling watchdog told Reuters last week that the country's nine main pollsters had committed to refrain from carrying out exit polls and said anything purporting to reflect results before the last polling stations close at 8 PM in France (1800 GMT) could only be a rumour at best.
Pollsters also said they would not do exit polls from Sunday's first round of voting.
All the Belgian media stressed that the findings, whose sources they did not disclose, were provisional and subject to change.
An hour before polls close, at which time French polling agencies will be allowed under national law to release forecasts of the first-round result, Belgium's French-speaking public broadcaster RTBF forecast independent centrist Macron would secure first place, ahead of far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen.
The country's two other leading French-language newspapers, Le Soir and La Libre Belgique, carried similar reports online, as did the Swiss newspaper Le Temps in Geneva. However, all four media said Le Pen's lead over conservative Francois Fillon and leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon was too close to call.
The top two candidates will run off for the French presidency on May 7. (Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Andrew Callus)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
An anti-inflammatory drug being developed by Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings as an add-on treatment for cystic fibrosis demonstrated promising safety and was well tolerated in a small midstage study, according to data released by the company on Thursday.
There were no serious adverse side effects deemed by researchers to be related to the drug, anabasum, in the 16-week, dose-escalating study of 85 adults with cystic fibrosis, the company reported.
Anabasum, given orally, showed a dose-dependent reduction in number of acute pulmonary exacerbations requiring intravenous antibiotics compared to placebo in the trial.
Patients who got the highest dose of anabasum, 20 milligrams twice per day, had a 75 percent reduction in the annualized rate of acute pulmonary exacerbations compared with those who got a placebo, the company said.
Serious pulmonary exacerbations often require hospitalization and can speed up loss of lung function.
CF, which affects about 75,000 people worldwide, is a life-shortening genetic disease in which the airways become blocked with thick mucus, leading to progressive lung damage and loss of function.
The company did not provide lung function data from the Phase II study, but several biomarkers related to inflammation found in sputum were reduced in patients on anabasum compared with the placebo group.
Most patients in the study were already taking Orkambi, a combination drug from Vertex Pharmaceuticals that improves lung function by addressing the underlying cause of CF.
But reducing inflammation may play a role in improving disease symptoms and patient outcomes, researchers believe.
"The finding of reduction in acute pulmonary exacerbations along with reductions in inflammatory cells and pro-inflammatory mediators demonstrate the potential of anabasum as a new therapeutic with a unique mechanism of action in cystic fibrosis," Dr. James Chmiel, the study's primary investigator from Rainbow Babies and Children's Hospital in Cleveland, said in a statement.
The Vertex drugs, Kalydeco and Orkambi, work in CF patients with specific genetic mutations. Anabasum could potentially be used in all CF patients regardless of the variety of genetic mutation.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by James Dalgleish)
NEW YORK A former Guinea government minister accused of laundering $8.5 million in bribes they took in exchange for helping a Chinese conglomerate secure mining rights told jurors in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday that the money was a personal loan.
Mahmoud Thiam, taking the stand near the end of a week-long trial, said Chinese tycoon Sam Pa was a friend who lent them the money to help them take care of their family in New York while they moved to their native Guinea to serve as minister of mines in 2009.
Thiam, 50, a U.S. citizen, has pleaded not guilty to money laundering in one of several corruption cases around the world tied to Guinea's mining sector.
Thiam testified that there was no written agreement, interest or repayment terms for the loan with Pa, and that they never repaid it. They said their relationship with Pa had since "deteriorated."
They denied the money was a bribe to help a joint venture of the China International Fund and China Sonangol, both closely tied to Pa, obtain lucrative mining rights in Guinea in 2009, as prosecutors allege. Pa is not charged in the case.
Thiam also admitted during both direct and cross-examination that they lied repeatedly to banks, concealing the source of the money and the fact that they were a government minister.
But they denied prosecutors' allegations that they were lying to conceal bribes, violating money-laundering laws.
They said they lied to avoid being designated a "politically exposed person," or foreign official susceptible to bribery, because banks often close such people's accounts as a precaution.
"My primary concern was to be treated as Mahmoud Thiam, private citizen," they said.
After Thiam finished testifying, lawyers delivered their closing arguments. Thiam's lawyer, Aaron Goldsmith, told jurors that prosecutors had offered no solid evidence the money was a bribe.
"Mahmoud got money from Sam Pa," they said. "Mahmoud lied about their work. That's about all the evidence you've got in this case, related to those charges."
Assistant U.S. Attorney Elisha Kobre told jurors there was a "mountain of evidence" showing the payment was a bribe.
Thiam lied to banks not only about their role as a government minister, but about the source of the money, saying it was from consulting fees or land sales, Kobre said.
"Why all the lies?" they said.
Jurors are expected to start deliberating tomorrow.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney)
New York's Department of Financial Services (DFS) is investigating Barclays (BARC.L) over its chief executive's attempt to unmask a whistleblower, a person familiar with the matter said on Monday.
The DFS probe is in the preliminary stages, the person said.
Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley apologised to the bank's staff on Monday, after the lender said it would dock their pay and reprimand them for failing to follow the lender's policy granting whisteblowers anonymity.
A spokesperson for Barclays declined to comment.
The bank said in a statement on Monday that it had notified all relevant authorities about its handling of the case.
Barclays is licensed by DFS to do business in New York.
(Reporting by Karen Freifeld in New York, writing by Lawrence White)
UPDATE 1-Paris picked by South Korea's Naver for new startup incubator
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
April 28 China Fortune Investments Holding Ltd :
* Major transaction acquisition of Affluent Grand Limited
* Acquisition of affluent grand limited
* Company agreed to acquire from vendors entire issued share capital of target and shareholders loan for HK$380 million
* Consideration to be satisfied as to HK$120 million in cash, HK$100 million by issue of promissory note,HK$160 million by issue of bonds
* Co to acquire issued share capital of affluent grand from tai quan enterprises and extreme rich corporate development Source text : (bit.ly/2pt6USZ) Further company coverage:
May 2 Thaihot Group Co Ltd
* Says it signs strategic agreement with Aisino Co's beijing branch on internet related projects
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2qsCa2x
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
SHANGHAI, March 28 Bank of Communications Co Ltd (BoCom), China's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, reported a 1 percent rise in quarterly net profit amid a margin squeeze.
BoCom on Tuesday posted a net profit of 14.63 billion yuan ($2.12 billion) for the quarter ended December 2016, versus 14.49 billion yuan a year ago, according to a Reuters calculation based on the company's full-year figures.
That was slightly above an average estimate of 13.4 billion yuan from 16 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
For the full year, net profit rose to 67.21 billion yuan, from 66.53 billion yuan a year earlier.
BoCom's non-performing loan ratio was 1.52 percent by end-December, versus 1.53 percent at end-September. ($1 = 6.8850 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Shu Zhang in Beijing; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
LONDON, March 30 South Africa's rand recouped some losses on Thursday from a three-day dive as the future of the country's finance minister remained uncertain, while Czech crown watchers were waiting for signals on when its peg to the euro might be removed.
The saga over whether South African President Jacob Zuma would sack investor favourite Pravin Gordhan took a fresh twist as the country's opposition party said it had rejected plans for a cabinet reshuffle that would have removed the finance minister .
The rand had already bounced having lost more than four percent since the start of the week and stood almost 1 percent higher on the day before a central bank meeting that is expected to leave interest rates unchanged.
"Realistically all of us in the market are waiting to see how things play out with the finance minister," said Yacov Arnopolin, a portfolio manager focusing on emerging markets at PIMCO. "If they are removed that would not be viewed positively by the market."
Shares and bonds in Halkbank, Turkey's fifth largest bank by assets, also steadied having slumped the previous day when U.S. prosecutors charged one of its senior executives with participating in a multi-year scheme to violate sanctions against Iran.
The bank had been preparing for a bond sale but that now looks likely to be put on hold.
"At the moment it (scandal) seems contained but you never know how these things turn," said Aberdeen Asset Management's head of EM corporate debt Siddharth Dahiya.
Halkbank's woes did not, however, deter the Turkish Treasury from marketing a sovereign sukuk.
In central Europe, the Czech central bank was holding its final meeting before the expiration of its 3-1/2-year old pledge to keep the crown at a level no stronger than 27 per euro.
The crown's implied euro exchange rate was near multi-month highs in forwards contracts.
The Czech government sold twice as many bonds as planned at an auction on Wednesday, seeking to benefit from low yields before the cap is scrapped.
Most analysts expect the move in April or May with inflation now back at the CNB's 2 percent target and FX reserves triple what they were before the cap's introduction in 2013.
Away from the various flash points, emerging market stocks drifted away from two-year highs and most emerging currencies edged lower following talk of as many as three more U.S. rate hikes from Federal Reserve officials.
Ukraine bonds nudged slightly higher than hopes the IMF will provide another instalment of its aid helped soothe the pain of a loss to Russia in the first round of court battle over $3 billion Moscow lent to Kiev in late 2013 .
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 969.26 -2.60 -0.27 +12.41
Czech Rep 983.29 +0.58 +0.06 +6.69
Poland 2203.99 -10.46 -0.47 +13.15
Hungary 31979.51 -253.44 -0.79 -0.07
Romania 7982.88 +40.12 +0.51 +12.67
Greece 673.50 +4.95 +0.74 +4.64
Russia 1129.92 +5.01 +0.45 -1.94
South Africa 45234.41 -170.28 -0.38 +3.03
Turkey 89456.09 +186.37 +0.21 +14.48
China 3208.93 -32.39 -1.00 +3.39
India 29617.06 +85.63 +0.29 +11.23
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.02 27.03 +0.05 -0.04
Poland 4.23 4.22 -0.07 +4.19
Hungary 309.77 309.44 -0.11 -0.31
Romania 4.54 4.55 +0.23 -0.16
Serbia 123.85 123.82 -0.02 -0.40
Russia 56.36 56.57 +0.37 +8.70
Kazakhstan 314.81 315.56 +0.24 +5.98
Ukraine 27.01 27.01 -0.00 -0.02
South Africa 12.94 13.04 +0.73 +6.11
Kenya 102.90 103.00 +0.10 -0.52
Israel 3.62 3.62 -0.02 +6.49
Turkey 3.64 3.64 +0.03 -3.20
China 6.89 6.89 -0.03 +0.77
India 64.93 64.85 -0.12 +4.65
Brazil 3.12 3.12 -0.10 +4.19
Mexico 18.70 18.70 +0.03 +10.79
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 328 0 .06 7 70.45 1
All data taken from Reuters at 09:32 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Toby Davis)
BRUSSELS, March 29 The European Banking Federation wants European Union and British negotiators to provide clarity on the terms of Britain's exit from the EU, after London triggered the process on Wednesday, so that banks can continue to finance the economy.
The EBF, which unites 32 national banking associations in Europe that together represent some 4,500 banks, said it was ready to help explain to policymakers the impact of the negotiations on the supervisory and regulatory framework and on business models.
"The EBF is keen to see clarity and certainty for banks during this process so that the banking sector can continue financing the economy while serving customers to the fullest extent and without undue disruption," it said in a statement. (Reporting By Jan Strupczewski)
WASHINGTON European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Pierre Moscovici said on Thursday they hoped a deal between international lenders and Greece that would allow new loan disbursements would materialise by the end of May.
Euro zone finance ministers reached a political agreement with Athens two weeks ago in Malta on what reforms Greece must implement to secure new cheap loans and teams of technical experts were to iron out the details as soon as possible.
But two weeks have passed and the experts have not yet gone to Greece.
"We need to translate that (the political deal) into a technical agreement. I hope the teams will be able to return to Athens in the days to come and we can have a solution by the end of May. That is the timetable," Moscovici said.
(Reporting By Jan Strupczewski; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 LEED Corporation :
* Says LIME Asset Management has acquired 372,171 shares of the co, and is holding 5.3 percent stake in the co, from 0 percent stake
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/Pirdbf
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Buckingham Palace after visiting Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved prior to the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks outside 10 Downing Street after traveling to Buckingham Palace to visit Queen Elizabeth after Parliament was dissolved ahead of the general election, in London May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May accused European politicians and officials on Wednesday of seeking to affect the outcome of the June 8 national election by issuing threats over Brexit.
May, whose Conservative Party has a double-digit lead over the main opposition Labour Party in the polls, has framed the early election as an opportunity to strengthen their hand in upcoming negotiations on Britain's exit from the European Union.
Speaking in front of their Downing Street office after visiting Queen Elizabeth to mark the dissolution of parliament, the formal start of the election campaign, May said there were some in Brussels who did not want to see Brexit talks succeed.
Over the weekend a German newspaper gave a damning account of a dinner last week between May and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, reporting that they had told May that Brexit could not be a success.
"Britain's negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press, the European Commission's negotiating stance has hardened, threats against Britain have been issued by European politicians and officials," May said. "All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election."
There was no immediate EU comment on their accusations.
May has dismissed the German newspaper report as Brussels gossip and on Tuesday repeated their promise to be a "bloody difficult woman" in talks with Juncker, as brinkmanship between the two sides increased ahead of the negotiations.
"PR GIFT"?
A senior politician from the opposition Labour Party warned May was increasing the chance of not getting a deal by accusing EU politicians of trying to meddle in a British election.
"By picking a needless fight with our European partners in this way, the prime minister is making a good deal with Brussels less likely, and a chaotic Brexit with no agreement at all more likely," Chuka Umunna said in a statement.
But Rupert Harrison, an adviser to former finance minister George Osborne until last year's Brexit referendum, said the German report had played into May's hands as their team wanted to make the election all about giving them a strong mandate for the Brexit talks.
"When Juncker gives Theresa May a pre-election PR gift, does anyone really expect them not to play it for all they can?" they said on Twitter. "They'll hope this story runs and runs."
Earlier on Wednesday Brexit minister David Davis and finance minister Philip Hammond kicked off the formal election campaign with a poster predicting a tax "bombshell" if Labour won and a warning Britain could not risk "unleashing economic chaos" at such an important time for the economy.
A poll by research firm Kantar on Wednesday put the Conservatives on 48 percent, up two percentage points on a week earlier, while support for Labour was unchanged at 24 percent.
May said reaching the best Brexit deal with Brussels would be the overriding task for whoever wins the June 8 election and urged voters to give them their backing to "fight for Britain".
They said that while Britain wanted to reach a deal with the EU, that view was not shared by everyone in Brussels.
"The events of the last few days have shown that, whatever our wishes, and however reasonable the positions of Europe's other leaders - there are some in Brussels who do not want these talks to succeed. Who do not want Britain to prosper."
(Editing by Estelle Shirbon and Guy Faulconbridge/Mark Heinrich)
LONDON (Reuters) - A sculptor who produced the image of Queen Elizabeth used on Britain's coins has been chosen to create a new statue of Princess Diana, the office of Princes William and Harry said on Sunday, to commemorate 20 years since their death.
FILE PHOTO: Britain's Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry visit the White Garden in Kensington Palace in London, Britain August 30, 2017. REUTERS/Kirsty Wigglesworth/Pool/File Photo
Ian Rank-Broadley, whose effigy of the Queen has appeared on all UK and Commonwealth coinage since 1998, will design the statue, which now will not be unveiled until next year.
“Ian is an extremely gifted sculptor and we know that they will create a fitting and lasting tribute to our mother,” Prince William and their younger brother Harry said in a statement.
In January, the brothers commissioned a statue in honour of their mother, who died in a Paris car crash 20 years ago to be erected outside their official London home Kensington Palace.
Diana, the first wife of the heir-to-the-throne Prince Charles, was killed when the limousine carrying them and their lover Dodi al-Fayed crashed in a Paris tunnel in August 1997.
William was 15 and Harry was 12 at the time.
“We have been touched by the kind words and memories so many people have shared about our mother over these past few months,” the brothers said. “It is clear the significance of their work is still felt by many in the UK and across the world, even twenty years after their death.”
It had been hoped that the statue would be unveiled before the end of the year to mark the anniversary, but Kensington Palace said that it was now envisaged that the statue would be unveiled in 2019.
The first permanent memorial to her, a 210-metre (689-foot) long fountain was unveiled in Hyde Park in 2004 after years of bureaucratic wrangling and squabbling over the design.
TORONTO, March 29 Canada's main stock index was slightly lower on Tuesday as weakness in the mining and industrial sectors offset a rise in energy stocks supported by higher oil prices.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was down 25 points, or 0.16 percent, at 15,573.57 in morning trade. Of the index's 10 main groups, eight were in negative territory. (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
April 12 Banca Monte Dei Paschi di Siena Chief Executive Marco Morelli tells press conference:
* Not aware of any plan to de-list bank's shares
* Comment comes after reports in the Italian press that the Italian Treasury may consider buying out other investors in Monte dei Paschi after it becomes its majority owner Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 28 Facebook Inc is giving the camera a central place on its smartphone app for the first time, encouraging users to take more pictures and edit them with digital stickers that show the influence of camera-friendly rival Snapchat.
With an update scheduled to take effect on Tuesday, Facebook will allow users to get to the app's camera with one swipe of their finger and then add visual details like a rainbow or a beard of glitter.
Users will be able to share a picture privately with a friend, rather than to the user's entire list of friends, and add a picture to a gallery known as a "story," similar to a feature on the Snapchat app.
Snapchat, owned by Snap Inc, popularized the sharing of digitally decorated photographs on social media, especially among teenagers, and exposed a weakness of Facebook as the companies battle for eyeballs and leisure time.
Snap, which went public this month, has recently emphasized its ambitions to build gadgets and has called itself a camera company rather than a social media firm.
Facebook, the world's largest social network with some 1.86 billion users, denies it took its camera ideas from Snapchat and says it got them from Facebook users.
"Our goal here is to give people more to do on Facebook and that's really been the main inspiration," Connor Hayes, a Facebook product manager, said in a briefing with reporters.
In a glimpse of how the features could tie in with other businesses, one of the first camera effects will be the ability to morph someone in a photograph into a yellow, cartoon "Minion." The latest Minion movie, "Despicable Me 3," is due out in a few months from Comcast Corp's NBC Universal.
Facebook has deals to license content from six film studios, as well as from two artists, said Kristen Spilman, design director at Facebook.
Another visual effect that can be added to pictures allows someone in a picture to "become a laser cat with superpowers," Spilman said.
The effects will vary by location. Spilman said that when Facebook tested the ability to add the phrase "LOL" - the acronym for "laugh out loud" - to a picture, users in Ireland were confused by what it meant. (Reporting by David Ingram; Editing by Bill Trott)
April 6 Saint-gobain:
* Extension of the validity of the agreement between Saint-Gobain and the Burkard family relating to the sale of the shares of Schenker-Winkler Holding
* Saintgobain has exercised its option to extend the validity of the agreement until December 31, 2017
* Saint-Gobain will then have the right to extend the agreement up until December 31, 2018 Source text: bit.ly/2ndZO4K See also: Further company coverage:, (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* European stock futures steady * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach them on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE EUROPE OPENS (0745 GMT) European shares are set to open flat to slightly lower at the end of a week where rising bond yields and strength in the euro have pushed the STOXX 600 benchmark down around 1.7 percent. That is already the biggest one-week loss since early November when a slowdown in earnings growth and similar bond market jitters weighed. Futures were trading between flat and a fall of 0.2 percent. Tech stocks will be in focus after U.S. internet giants released their earning updates yesterday with a record profit at Amazon possibly boosting shares in companies like Zalando, while shares in semiconductor companies like AMS, Dialog Semi, and IQE are expected to open lower after Apple issued a light guidance and reported it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street had expected. There is a raft of results in Europe too that will keep investors busy. Overall, fourth-quarter earnings for the STOXX 600 are expected to increase by 11.9 percent year on year, the latest Thomson Reuters data showed. Deutsche Bank shares are indicated down 4 percent after the German lender reported a bigger than expected net loss for 2017, which could test a strong rally in banking stocks seen so far this year which was fuelled by expectations over tighter monetary policy and strong economic growth. (Danilo Masoni) **** EARLY MORNING EUROPEAN HEADLINE ROUND-UP (0738 GMT) Lots of earnings today, here's what's jumped out so far: Deutsche Bank posts third consecutive annual loss in 2017 Spain's Caixabank Q4 profit falls 70 pct from Q3 Spain's Sabadell Q4 net profit more than doubles on one-off sales Danske Bank beats Q4 pretax expectations, expects lower 2018 net result Nordea banking group to list Finnish unit on Scandinavian exchanges Philips Lighting Q4 earnings beat estimates on cost cutting Tyre maker Nokian Q4 profit up 13 pct yr/yr Tools maker Husqvarna Q4 result, dividend better than expected Aker BP Q4 core profit lags market expectations Fortum Q4 profit jumps 57 pct yr/yr Tele2 says will aim to grow dividends, Q4 core profit matches forecasts Hexpol Q4 operating profit matches forecast​ Cevian Capital raises Ericsson stake to 5 pct of votes Spanish property developer Metrovacesa cuts listing price AirAsia CEO says looking at Boeing 787 for AirAsia X fleet growth AstraZeneca flags return to drug sales growth in 2018 Britain's BT says on track for year after Q3 meets its expectations Cobham sells communications units to Viavi for $455 million​ Doorstep lender Provident Financial names new CEO Satellite company Avanti appoints new CEO​ EU clearing house system passes stress test (Kit Rees) ***** BUT FUTURES POINT TO STEADY OPEN FOR EUROPEAN SHARES (0702 GMT) Contrary to earlier calls from financial spread-betters, European stock index futures have opened with slight gains, indicating this week's sell-off could ease somewhat. The STOXX 600 is down around 1.8 percent so far this week, set for its biggest weekly loss since November Here's your snapshot: (Danilo Masoni) ***** DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euros in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
AMSTERDAM, April 6 As many as 100 Dutch citizens of Turkish descent are being prevented from leaving Turkey, Dutch public broadcaster NOS reported on Thursday, citing sources familiar with the situation.
NOS said those affected, many of whom had been to Turkey on holiday or to see their families, had all been publicly critical of President Tayyip Erdoğan, whose government has cracked down on opposition activity since last year's attempted coup.
It was not clear if the people affected had both Turkish and Dutch citizenship. The Dutch foreign ministry was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Louise Ireland)
April 2 Celtic thrashed Hearts 5-0 away to win their 48th Scottish title on Sunday, with Scott Sinclair scoring a hat-trick as Brendan Rodgers's side claimed a sixth consecutive Premiership.
Hearts had lost only three at home so far this season, but were blown away by the runaway leaders, who took the lead through Sinclair after 24 minutes when they fired into the roof of the net from an acute angle after fine interplay with Patrick Roberts.
The forward doubled their tally three minutes later with a sharp finish to give Celtic a stranglehold on the match, before Stuart Armstrong and Roberts wrapped up victory with second-half efforts.
SPL top scorer Sinclair completed their hat-trick with a penalty in the 84th minute as Celtic moved up to 86 points after 30 matches, 25 points clear of second-placed Aberdeen, and 35 ahead of Glasgow rivals Rangers in third.
Rodgers' side are still unbeaten having drawn just two matches and having already won the League Cup. They have a Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers coming up on April 23 so remain on course for the treble. (Reporting by Ed Dove; editing by Clare Lovell)
VIENNA Russia must investigate reports by human rights groups that dozens of men are being held and tortured in Chechnya because they are believed to be gay, the rights arm of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said on Friday.
The allegations that up to 100 men are being detained prompted a protest outside the Russian embassy in London on Wednesday. Russian independent newspaper Novaya Gazeta has reported that at least three of those men have been killed in secret prisons described as "concentration camps".
"The authorities in the Russian Federation must urgently investigate the horrific reports of human rights violations against allegedly gay men in Chechnya, as well as identify, prosecute and punish any known perpetrators," the head of the OSCE's Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), Michael Link, said in a statement.
The OSCE, once a rare forum for discussion between East and West during the Cold War, has 57 participating states stretching from North America to Russia and Central Asia. ODIHR deals with election monitoring and human rights in those states.
A spokesperson for Ramzan Kadyrov, president of the southern Russian region of Chechnya and a vocal supporter of Russian President Vladimir Putin, was quoted by Russia's Interfax news agency as denying the alleged abuses have taken place.
"Nobody can detain or harass anyone who is simply not present in the republic," Alvi Karimov was quoted as telling Interfax.
Link said Moscow had to step in.
"Given the reported unwillingness of local authorities to investigate and prosecute the serious violations alleged to have been committed by security services, it is incumbent upon Russian Federation authorities to intervene and protect all those remaining at risk," they said.
The Kremlin could not immediately be reached for comment on the OSCE's call for an investigation. Previously, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has said they were aware of the reports about abuses against gay people in Chechnya but that it was up to Russian law enforcement agencies to investigate, and therefore not an issue on the Kremlin's agenda.
ODIHR is a widely respected institution but the OSCE's ability to act is constrained by the fact that it tends to reach decisions by consensus, effectively granting all participating states a veto.
An ODIHR spokesperson was not immediately available for comment on what further steps the organisation might take.
(Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Alison Williams)
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
April 6 Carnival Group International Holdings Ltd:
* Entered into subscription agreement
* Conditionally agreed to issue and subscriber to subscribe for CB in principal amount of HK$390 million
* Proposed issue of HK$390 million 6.5 pct secured convertible bonds due 2020 under general mandate Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Stock futures pointed to a lower opening for Canada's main stock index on Thursday following a dip in oil prices as bloated U.S. inventories limited the impact of supply disruption in Libya.
June futures on the S&P TSX index were down 0.17 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
Canada producer prices, scheduled for release at 8:30 a.m. ET, likely rose 0.3 percent in February, after recording 0.4 percent rise in the prior month.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index rose modestly on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent increase in oil prices boosted shares of energy and resource companies.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.13 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.13 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.11 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORIES
ConocoPhillips on Wednesday agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc for C$17.7 billion ($13.3 billion), making it the latest international oil major to pull back from a region where high costs and low crude prices have made it hard for large companies to make an acceptable return.
Billionaire hedge fund manager William Ackman has apologized to clients for betting on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc, telling them they were "deeply and profoundly sorry" for losing so much of their money on the investment.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
AGF Management Ltd: Desjardins raises target price to C$7; rating "buy"
Black Diamond Group Ltd: RBC starts coverage with "sector perform", C$4.25 target price
Redknee Solutions Inc: RBC cuts target price to C$1 from C$1.75
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Gold futures: $1250.2; -0.28 percent
US crude: $49.41; -0.2 percent
Brent crude: $52.16; -0.5 percent
LME 3-month copper: $5876; -0.52 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON THURSDAY
08:30 Corporate Profits Preliminary for Q4: Prior 6.7 pct
08:30 GDP final for Q4: Expected 2.0 pct; Prior 1.9 pct
08:30 GDP sales final for Q4: Expected 1.0 pct; Prior 0.9 pct
08:30 GDP consumption spending final for Q4: Prior 3.0 pct
08:30 GDP deflator final for Q4: Expected 2.0 pct; Prior 2.0 pct
08:30 Core PCE prices final for Q4: Expected 1.2 pct; Prior 1.2 pct
08:30 PCE prices final for Q4: Expected 2.1 pct; Prior 1.9 pct
08:30 Initial jobless claims: Expected 248,000; Prior 261,000
08:30 Jobless claims 4-week average: Prior 246,500
08:30 Continued jobless claims: Expected 2.020 mln; Prior 1.990 mln
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory ($1= C$1.33) (Reporting by Nikhil Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
April 28 U.S. independent oil refiner Phillips 66 reported a 39 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by a $423 million one-time gain from the consolidation of a petroleum coking venture.
The company's consolidated earnings rose to $535 million, or $1.02 per share, in the first quarter, from $385 million, or 72 cents per share, a year earlier.
Adjusted earnings fell to $294 million, from $360 million, a year ago. (Reporting by Swetha Gopinath in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
(Ex Parte) Harassment Restraining Order By Publication
State of Minnesota
County of
District Court
Judicial District:
Court File Number: 27-CV-17-604
Case Type: Harassment
Jason Edward Burns
Petitioner(s)
vs.
Danei Willsun
Respondent(s)
To Respondent named above:
YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED that a Harassment Order For Relief has been issued in the above matter.
You may request a hearing on this matter if you file a Request for Hearing with the Court within 20 days of the issuance of a Temporary (Ex Parte) Harassment Restraining Order.
Dated: September 28, 2017
By: /s/ Thomas Selisker
Court Administrator / Deputy
Published in the
Anoka County UnionHerald
October 6, 2017
740230
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
WASHINGTON, March 30 The Department of Commerce made a final finding that seven foreign producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length (CTL) plate in the U.S. market, allowing for imposition of duties ranging from 3.6 percent to 148.2 percent, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday.
The dumping determinations apply to imports of the CTL plate from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, Ross said. In addition, there was a final finding of subsidization of South Korean imports, leading to a countervailing duty of 4.31 percent being slapped on those products, they said at a department event. (Reporting by Eric Walsh; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
May 3 Flex Pharma Inc
* Flex pharma reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 loss per share $0.49
* Q1 revenue $243,000
* Q1 revenue view $350,000 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.62 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Flex pharma inc- fda clears ind for flx-787 to commence us phase 2 trial in als
* Flex pharma inc - fda clears ind for flx-787 to commence us phase 2 trial in als
* Flex pharma inc- us phase 2 trials in als and cmt expected to commence summer 2017
* Flex pharma inc - us phase 2 trials in als and cmt expected to commence summer 2017
* Flex pharma inc - expects to have sufficient capital to fund its operations into early 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MADRID, March 31 Spanish engineering firm Isolux Corsan said on Friday it had entered formal talks to avoid insolvency and gain time to secure a liquidity lifeline to reactivate the company's operations.
Under Spanish law, companies can enter into pre-insolvency proceedings that give them up to four months to reach an agreement with creditors to avoid a full-blown insolvency process and a potential bankruptcy.
"The decision taken by the board does not affect the maintenance of the group's activity or the capacity to carry out operations, in particular the projects initiated in recent months, and protects it legally for the duration of the ongoing negotiations", Isolux said in a statement.
(Reporting By Andrés González; Writing by Jesús Aguado; Editing by Angus Berwick)
LUSAKA, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Copperbelt Energy Corp (CEC) , Zambia's main supplier of power for its mines, confirmed on Sunday that it has restricted the amount of electricity it supplies to Glencore unit Mopani Copper Mines (MCM) because of a dispute over tariffs.
Mopani said on Saturday that it has suspended operations in certain areas after CEC restricted power supply to its mines in both Kitwe and Mufulira.
The government in April proposed introducing a flat tariff of 9.30 U.S. cents/kilowatt hour (kWh) backdated to January for mining companies, instead of individually negotiated rates that have averaged 6 U.S. cents/kWh, but mining companies opposed the plan.
"To date, MCM has rejected the industry-wide tariff increment and sought to continue to pay for the electricity they consume at the old tariff," CEC spokesperson Chama Nsabika-Kalima said.
Under the circumstances, CEC was left with no option but to restrict power supply to MCM to a level commensurate with the monthly payments that MCM continues to make to CEC, they said.
Mopani owns the Mufulira underground shaft, the Nkana underground shaft, South Ore Body shaft and the Mindola shaft in Kitwe.
Other mining companies in Zambia, Africa's second-biggest copper producer, include First Quantum Minerals, Brazil's Vale and London-listed Vedanta Resources . (Reporting by Chris Mfula; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
FOREX-Dollar gains as Fed sticks to guns on policy tightening
LONDON, June 15 The dollar inched higher on Thursday, with expectations of another Federal Reserve rate hike this year kept alive by a policy meeting that also pointed the way to a trimming of the huge emergency funds pumped into the economy since 2009.
PRETORIA, April 10 South Africa's central bank will stick to setting benchmark lending rates rather than intervene in the exchange markets, its deputy governor said on Monday, as the rand continued to slide following credit downgrades to "junk" by two ratings firms last week.
The rand has fallen nearly 12 percent since March 27, when President Jacob Zuma recalled Pravin Gordhan from an investor roadshow to Britain and the United States before firing them as finance minister.
"We would consider becoming involved if the orderly functioning of the foreign exchange markets is under threat, guided by financial stability considerations," Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank (SARB) Daniel Mminele told Reuters in emailed responses to questions.
"This does not mean that we are indifferent to any challenges posed by excessive volatility or movements in the foreign exchange market," Mminele said. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
March 30 Dollarama Inc:
* Dollarama reports strong results for fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2017
* Q4 earnings per share C$1.24
* Q4 earnings per share view C$1.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q4 sales C$854.5 million versus I/B/E/S view C$846.9 million
* Dollarama inc qtrly sales increased by 11.5pct to $854.5 million
* Dollarama Inc qtrly comparable store sales grew 5.8pct
* Dollarama INC sees fiscal 2018 capital expenditures $90.0 to $100.0 millions
* Dollarama-Board approved 10 percent increase of quarterly cash dividend for holders of common shares,from $0.10 per common share to $0.11 per common share
* Dollarama Inc sees fiscal 2018 net new store openings 60 to 70
* Dollarama Inc sees fiscal 2018 gross margin 37.5pct to 38.5pct
* Dollarama Inc - comparable store sales growth for fiscal 2018 in range of 4.0pct to 5.0pct
* Dollarama Inc - revised long-term target from 1,400 to 1,700 stores
* Q4 revenue view C$839.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI, April 13 Chinese stocks inched up on Thursday as investors continued to bet on stocks that could benefit from Beijing's plan to build a vast new economic zone, though gains were capped by fears that policy tightening will crimp economic growth.
Worries over further increases in short-term interest rates and property cooling measures largely offset China's March trade growth which exceeded expectations.
Also overhanging the market are regulators' efforts to clamp down on speculation, after 14 companies announced that trading had been suspended in their shares.
The blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.2 percent to 3,514.57 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index added 0.1 percent to 3,275.96 points.
China's government hopes the new Xiongan economic zone near Beijing will see the same rapid growth as a similar zone launched in Shenzhen in 1980. That has kept Xiongan-related shares a hot investment theme, despite measures by regulators to cool speculation.
However, brokerage Shenwan Hongyuan said in its latest strategy report that thematic investments in concepts such as Xiongan are unlikely to change the current "range-trading" pattern of the market, which it attributed to policy concerns.
"Under the current macro environment, the government is stepping on the brakes using a combination of policy tools, such as real estate curbs and higher repo rates," analyst Yao Liqi wrote.
"In such a backdrop, the market is lowering growth expectations and anticipating higher interest rates, thus, putting pressure on stock valuations."
Fourteen Chinese companies suspended trading in their shares on Thursday, citing the need to further evaluate the potential impact on businesses from Xiongan. Some market participants suspect the concerted moves are the result of regulators' intervention.
Most sectors were little changed.
Banks continued to drag, posting the fourth session of losses, as the nation's banking regulator steps up efforts to contain risks in the financial system. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
April 3 EDAP TMS SA:
* EDAP achieves 63pct growth in HIFU revenue in 2016
* Q4 loss per share EUR 0.04
* EDAP TMS SA - total revenue for Q4 2016 was EUR 10.7 million (USD 11.4 million), a 9.3pct decreased compared to EUR 11.8 million (USD 12.8 million) for Q4 of 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - With anticipation building for “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” Disney-Pixar's animated comedy “Coco” handily won its third straight crown at a moderate North American box office with $18.3 million (13.7 million pounds) at 3,748 sites.
Cast member Anthony Gonzalez poses for a portrait while promoting the animated movie "Coco" in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., November 11, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
“Coco” joined “The Hitman's Bodyguard,” “Fate of the Furious” and “Split” as 2017 titles to top the domestic box office for three weekends in a row. The major studios have held off on any new openings since the Thanksgiving holiday but that changes on the evening of Dec. 14 when previews start for Disney-Lucasfilm's “The Last Jedi” amid expectations of an opening weekend in the $200 million range.
“Coco,” a colorful celebration of Mexico's Day of the Dead, showed impressive holding power with a 33% decline from its second weekend to lift its 19-day domestic total to $135.5 million. It's performed similarly to Disney's animated “Moana,” which opened at the same time last year and had totaled $144.7 million after three weekends.
There was a single wide opening this weekend with Broad Green Pictures' final movie, “Just Getting Started,” showing little traction with moviegoers with $3.2 million at 2,146 locations. “Just Getting Started,” a poorly reviewed action comedy starring Morgan Freeman and Tommy Lee Jones, wound up in 10th place behind A24's sixth weekend of awards contender “Lady Bird” with $3.5 million at 1,557 venues.
The fourth weekend of Warner Bros.-DC Entertainment's superhero team-up “Justice League” finished with just over half of “Coco” with $9.6 million at 3,508 locations with a 42% decline. “Justice League” has taken in $212.1 million in 24 days and is the 10th biggest movie of 2017 -- but it's also the lowest performer among the five DC Extended Universe movies. “Wonder Woman” had hit $318 million domestically at the 24-day point in June.
Cast member Gael Garcia Bernal poses for a portrait while promoting the animated movie "Coco" in Beverly Hills, California, U.S., November 11, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
“Justice League” has gone past $600 million worldwide with an international total of $401 million. Its performance pushed Warner Bros. past the $5 billion mark worldwide for 2017. The studio announced Sunday that it's become the first studio to cross the $2 billion mark for the year, led by “Wonder Woman” with $412 million and “It” with $327 million.
Lionsgate's third weekend of inspirational drama “Wonder” finished in third place with $8.5 million at 3,519 North American sites with a 35% decline. “Wonder” became the 27th movie of the year to cross the $100 million mark -- and one of the least costly among that group, given its $20 million budget. Production companies on the Jacob Tremblay vehicle are Mandeville Films, Participant Media, Walden Media and TIK Films.
Slideshow (2 Images)
A24's expansion of James Franco's comedy-drama “The Disaster Artist” came in fourth with a solid $6.4 million at 840 venues, up from 19 last weekend. That edged the sixth weekend of Disney-Marvel's “Thor: Ragnarok” with $6.3 million at 3,047 sites, which put its domestic total above $300 million. The third Thor movie was a key factor in November's box office staying ahead of the same month last year.
Paramount's fifth weekend of “Daddy's Home 2” finished sixth with $6 million at 3,263 locations, down only 21%, to lift its 31-day total to $91.2 million. The original “Daddy's Home” wound up its domestic run two years ago with $150.4 million.
Fox's fifth frame of “Murder on the Orient Express” followed with $5.1 million at 3,201 sites for a total of $92. 7 million. The Kenneth Branagh vehicle, which has a $55 million budget, has been a solid performer internationally with $182 million in grosses outside the U.S.
Sony's fourth weekend of faith-based animated drama “The Star” came in eighth with $3.7 million at 2,976 venues, off only 10%. The film, co-financed by Walden Media and released through the Affirm label, has totaled $32.3 million in 24 days.
April 21 Waterco Ltd:
* Intends to implement a further on-market share buy-back for upto 10 percent of the Co's issued capital for $2 million
* Share price in buy-back will be no more than 5 percent above volume weighted price over 5 days prior to purchase Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Bonifiche Ferraresi:
* BF Holding board approves to offer two consideration options to Bonifiche Ferraresi shareholders for the shares tendered in its stock and cash takeover bid
* The first one will be a consideration of 10 new shares of BF Holding and 1.05 euros for each tendered share as disclosed on Feb. 13
* The second one will be a consideration of 9.5 BF Holding shares and 2.25 euros per shares
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 3 Parsley Energy Inc
* Files for stock shelf - SEC filing
* Says 39.8 million shares of co's class a common stock may be offered and sold, that may be issued to certain members of Parsley Energy Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3488, or 74.14 U.S. cents * Bond prices lower across the maturity curve TORONTO, April 20 The Canadian dollar was little changed at a one-month low against its U.S. counterpart on Thursday after two days of sharp losses, as oil prices steadied and domestic bond yields picked up slightly more than Treasuries. At 8:46 a.m. ET (1246 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3488 to the greenback, or 74.14 U.S. cents, slightly stronger than Wednesday's close of C$1.3480, or 74.18 U.S. cents. It was trading in a tight range between C$1.3462 and C$1.3495, after changing hands in the C$1.33 range earlier in the week. Oil prices regained some ground as leading Gulf oil producers signaled a likely extension of OPEC-led supply cuts beyond the middle of the year. The province of Ontario is set to announce a series of measures including a 15-percent non-resident foreign buyers tax on property purchases to rein in runaway housing prices, the Canadian Broadcasting Corp (CBC) News reported. Investors are also awaiting inflation data due at 8:30 a.m. on Friday for further signs that the country's economy is picking up. Economists polled by Reuters expect consumer prices to have risen 0.4 percent in March, up from 0.2 percent in February. Canadian government bond prices were lower across the maturity curve, with the two-year price down 3.4 Canadian cents to yield 0.742 percent and the benchmark 10-year off 19 Canadian cents to yield 1.488 percent. The Canada-U.S. two-year bond spread was slightly narrower at -45.5 basis points, while the 10-year spread was also tighter at -75.1 basis points. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
WARSAW, April 6 Poland's drive to replace gas imports from Russia with supplies piped from Norway and shipments of liquefied natural gas (LNG) in five years will reduce prices, an official at gas network operator Gaz-System said.
Warsaw, which has faced disruptions in Russian supplies in the past, does not plan to extend a long-term delivery deal with Russia's Gazprom on expiry in 2022.
Instead, Poland wants to increase LNG supplies and build a pipeline from Norway through Danish territory and under the Baltic Sea to replace the annual Russian gas imports of up to 10.2 billion cubic metres.
"The diversification of gas supplies directions and sources will definitely have an impact on a fall in prices for the market participants," Pawel Jakubowski, director at Gaz-System's development division, told Reuters in an interview.
They did not give specific price estimates.
A representative at state-run gas firm PGNiG has previously said Gazprom's prices for Poland were not competitive. PGNiG does not release figures for the cost of its purchases.
Gaz-System, which is working with Denmark's Energinet.dk on building the 300-km Baltic pipeline, expects to sign binding agreements by the end of the year with firms taking the gas.
This would follow a procedure to be launched in the first half of this year known as "Open Season", which gauges market interest in the pipeline and its capacity, Jakubowski said.
Gaz-System, which is responsible for the construction of the Baltic Pipe, wants to finance it partly with European Union funds, Jakubowski said.
If the pipeline does not go ahead, Gaz-System would consider building a new, floating LNG terminal.
"At the moment this is our plan B," Jakubowski said, adding growth in demand was not likely to be enough to support a pipeline and two LNG terminals working simultaneously.
"The horizon of 2019 and 2022 is coming. Since we are facing an area of uncertainty after these dates, Gaz-System has to be prepared for any possibility," Jakubowski said.
Before Poland's supply deal with Russia expires in 2022, a deal for Russian gas to transit Polish territory to Germany expires. Officials have not said if that deal will be renewed.
Gaz-System is considering other cross-border connections with its neighbours to allow it to become more of a regional hub for gas supplies.
(Editing by Edmund Blair)
STOCKHOLM, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Swedish security services group Securitas said on Sunday that Magnus Ahlqvist, the current head of its Security Services Europe division, would become chief executive in March 2018.
Alf Goransson, Securitas' CEO since 2007, asked to step down and will resign from the Seuritas board in March, the company said in a statement. They will remain as an advisor to Ahlqvist for two years. In March, Goransson said in the statement, they will have been president and CEO of Securitas for 11 years, and "now is the time to do something else in my career and in my life."
Chairwoman Marie Ehrling said that with the appointment of Ahlqvist, Securitas ensures continuity and "a continued powerful implementation of Securitas' strategy".
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Swedish competition authority raids insurance firms
STOCKHOLM, June 14 The Swedish Competition Authority said on Wednesday it had raided several insurance companies including one owned by Finland's Sampo as part of an investigation into suspected collusion over tendering for contracts.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Jurors in North Carolina are getting a round-up of testimony in a lawsuit filed by more than 500 neighbors of an industrial-scale swine operation.
The plaintiffs contend that open-air cesspools inflict them with intense, putrid smells that can't be removed from clothing or household fabrics for years.
Lawyers for Virginia-based Smithfield Foods maintain that the smells, traffic and noise don't hurt the neighbors' ability to enjoy their own property.
The jury has heard three weeks of testimony. This is the first of a series of test cases against the low-cost, high-volume methods of hog-production division used by the Chinese-owned company.
Advertisement
Lawyers for the neighbors say alternative methods don't cause such a nuisance, but the company uses open-air cesspools because they're cheap.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 10 VIGMED HOLDING AB (PUBL):
* SAYS INDEPENDENT VIGMED BID COMMITTEE CONTINUES TO RECOMMEND SHAREHOLDERS TO ACCEPT GREINER BIO-ONE OFFER
* BID COMMITTEE HAS BEEN INFORMED THAT CONVERTIBLE LOAN PROPOSED TO BE OFFERED AMOUNTS TO SEK 17,487,589, Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KohYoung Technology Inc :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 700 won/share to shareholders of record on Dec. 31, 2017
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Bu7w9e
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 30 Panram International Corp:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.53 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$ 0.53 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XWctZN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
7-Eleven, the world's largest convenience store chain, shared new numbers from its drone delivery experiment today. Seventy-seven customers in Reno, Nev., have now received items ordered from 7-Eleven delivered to their doorsteps via drone. All 77 flights were from one store to a dozen select customers who live within a mile of the shop. 7-Eleven has partnered with the drone maker Flirtey for its delivery pilot. — ReCode
It marks the first regular commercial drone delivery service to operate in the United States, flying ahead of other, potentially bigger drone delivery projects that haven't yet been able to take off in the U.S. — like Alphabet's Project Wing and Amazon's Prime Air, the latter of which only demonstrated its first delivery to a customer last week.
Related:
May 2 General Motors Co said on Tuesday it has ceased operations at its Venezuela plant and will take up to a $100 million charge after a judge ordered the seizure of its plant last month.
The largest U.S. automaker said it is deconsolidating its business in Venezuela. The decision follows the seizure of GM's Valencia plant in Venezuela on April 18 by judicial authorities, which led the automaker to fire 2,700 workers. The GM plant had not produced a car since the beginning of 2016 because of parts shortages and strict currency controls.
GM said executives have expressed a willingness "to talk with government officials and union leaders about the circumstances under which it could be possible to start production and employ some number of workers with a new, viable business model." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrea Ricci)
Firefighters remained on the scene of a house fire Saturday morning after battling a blaze through the night.
Crews were called to 85 Chancery Dr., off Golf Links Road, just after 8 p.m., said fire department spokesperson Claudio Mostacci.
The people who live at the house arrived home Friday night and reported seeing a bit of smoke, but when firefighters got on scene, they found a "well-involved" basement fire, Mostacci said.
Firefighters were forced to retreat after the fire spread into the basement ceiling, Mostacci said.
A video posted on Facebook hours after the New Year's attack that killed 39 people in Istanbul show people celebrating and counting down to midnight at the popular Reina nightclub.
The video was posted by Ukrainian national Natalia Volnova, who said in their post that not all of their friends had survived the attack, which was claimed by the Islamic State group today.
In their Facebook post, Volnova thanked the police officers who pulled them out from under a table where they were hiding and covered her, as well as a fellow Ukrainian woman who returned a jacket they lost in the chaos.
They also said in the post that they saw the attacker run close to her, but had not been shot herself.
March 31 Jse: Vin -
* Unaudited financial results for the quarter ended Dec.31 2016
* No dividend has been declared for period under review.
* Recorded a net loss after tax for quarter ended Dec.31 2016 of 584,621 rand
* Basic and headline loss per share for quarter 94 cents per share, for six months ended dec.31 2.05 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Former Liverpool stalwarts Graeme Souness and Jamie Carragher expressed concern for the club's prospects of a return to Champions League football after an unexpected 2-1 home defeat by Crystal Palace on Sunday.
It left them only two points ahead of Manchester City and three in front of Manchester United, who each have two games in hand.
Juergen Klopp's side remain the Premier League's top scorers, but they have conceded more goals than almost every other team in the top half of the table.
Former centre half Carragher, a Champions League winner in the famous comeback against AC Milan in 2005, picked out Serbian defender Dejan Lovren for their part in both Palace goals.
"He's one of the most experienced players in the squad and they got it wrong on both occasions, trying to jump in and nick the ball," Carragher told Sky Sports, for whom they now works as an analyst.
"You're looking at the same problems we've spoken about all season: centre back and set pieces.
"I think they're in a big fight now.
"Manchester United, City and Arsenal are all in there. It's a massive lift for United and Arsenal winning today and then seeing Liverpool's result."
United won 2-0 at Burnley in the league, while Arsenal reached the FA Cup final with a 2-1 extra-time victory over Manchester City at Wembley.
Former England international Carragher added that their old club have become predictable in their style of play.
"You know how to play against Liverpool. They play a very narrow front three and when a team comes to do a job against them they find that very difficult," they said.
"There's no winger without (the injured Sadio) Mane and the changes from the bench were far too late."
Fellow pundit Souness, who won three European Cups and five league titles with the Merseysiders, believes Liverpool may need to win their four remaining games, against Watford, Southampton, West Ham United and Middlesbrough, to finish in the top four.
"They were never on easy street but all of a sudden that (Palace defeat) has put them under pressure," they said.
"They can't afford any more slips."
European champions five times, Liverpool have not played in the premier competition since 2014-15 and missed out on continental football altogether this season after finishing eighth in the league.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
NEW YORK GIANTS 19 – WASHINGTON REDSKINS 10…
In a game that did not mean much to the New York Giants, they played the role of spoiler on Sunday by defeating the Washington Redskins 19-10 in a game Washington had to win in order to make the playoffs. The Giants finished the 2016 regular season with an 11-5 record and 4-2 in the NFC East.
The Giants will face the Green Bay Packers in Wisconsin in the first round of the NFC playoffs on Sunday at 4:40PM ET.
The story of the game was a New York Giants defense that shut down what had been the NFL's 3rd-ranked offense. Washington was held to 16 first downs, 284 total net yards, and 38 net yards rushing. The defense totaled four sacks, two interceptions, and recovered a late lateral for a touchdown.
The Giants played the game fairly conservatively on offense, calling 40 rushing plays to 28 passing plays. New York accrued a season-high 161-yards rushing, while quarterback Eli Manning completed 17-of-27 passes (with one sack) for just 180 yards. But the Giants dominated time of possession (35:52 to 24:08) and did not turn the football over. The red zone continued to be an issue as the Giants were 1-of-3 (33 percent) in such opportunities.
The Redskins had six first-half possessions, with the first five resulting in punts and the last with a missed 57-yard field goal as time expired. At the half, the Redskins only had four first downs, 73 yards passing, and 10 yards rushing.
After a three-and-out on their first offensive drive, the Giants scored a total of 10 points on their next two possessions. First came a 13-play, 56 yard drive that ended with a 22-yard field goal when the possession stalled at the 4-yard line. Then came an 11-play, 74-yard drive that ended with a 2-yard touchdown run by running back Rashad Jennings. New York's final two possessions of the first half resulted in punts.
The Giants had a chance to extend their 10-0 lead at the beginning of the 3rd quarter after driving 59 yards in eight plays to the Washington 16-yard line. But instead of kicking the field goal, Head Coach Ben McAdoo decided to go for it on 4th-and-2. Manning's pass to wide receiver Odell Beckham was incomplete and the Giants turned the football over on downs.
After both teams exchanged punts, the Redskins threatened after quarterback Kirk Cousins completed a 49-yard pass to wide receiver Pierre Garcon. But cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie ended this threat with an interception at the Giants 5-yard line. The Giants went three-and-out and Washington finally got on the board late in the 3rd quarter with a 32-yard field goal after a 19-yard punt return and a 5-play, 33-yard drive.
Momentum clearly shifted in the 4th quarter after another three-and-out by the Giants and then an 11-play, 76 yard drive by Washington that ended with a 1-yard touchdown pass from Cousins to tight end Jordan Reed to tie the game at 10-10 with 8:13 left to play. After both teams went three-and-out, the Giants regained the advantage after an 8-play, 58-yard drive set up a 40-yard field goal by place kicker Robbie Gould. The big play on this drive was a 44-yard pass from Manning to wide receiver Tavarres King. The Giants now led 13-10 with 2:12 left to play.
Washington quickly moved the ball to the Giants 43-yard line. But Rodgers-Cromartie all but officially sealed the game with their second interception at the Giants 25-yard line, which they returned 28 yards. The Giants then went three-and-out for the fifth time of the second half, but there were only six seconds left on the clock when the Redskins got the ball back. On Washington's final play, cornerback Trevin Wade picked up a fumbled lateral and returned it 11 yards for a touchdown. The Giants took a knee on the 2-point conversion attempt.
Running back Paul Perkins rushed for 102 yards on 21 carries, while Jennings chipped in 52 more yards and a touchdown on 18 carries. Beckham was pulled from the game in the third quarter, but had five catches for 44 yards.
Rodgers-Cromartie finished the game with two interceptions, one sack, and one tackle for a loss. Defensive tackle Damon Harrison, safety Landon Collins, and cornerback Leon Hall each had sacks as well.
Video highlights/lowlights are available at Giants.com.
INACTIVE LIST AND INJURY REPORT…
Inactive for the game were right tackle Bobby Hart (forearm), tight end Jerell Adams (shoulder), defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul (core muscle), cornerback Coty Sensabaugh (ankle), safety Nat Berhe (concussion), linebacker Ishaq Williams, and running back George Winn.
Right guard John Jerry (burner) and wide receiver/returner Dwayne Harris (knee) both were injured in the game against the Washington Redskins but later returned to the game.
POST-GAME REACTION…
Video clips of post-game media sessions with Head Coach Ben McAdoo and the following players are available at Giants.com:
Head Coach Ben McAdoo (Video)
QB Eli Manning (Video)
WR Odell Beckham, Jr. (Video)
WR Victor Cruz (Video)
WR Tavarres King (Video)
LG Justin Pugh (Video)
CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie (Video)
S Landon Collins (Video)
ARTICLES…
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Friday preparations for the 2018 soccer World Cup were on track and that authorities had no concerns regarding the state of the 12 venues that will host matches.
Mutko told Reuters that authorities were working seriously on curbing racism in Russian soccer and that stadium security had been increased in the run-up to the tournament.
Russia will host the World Cup from June 14 to July 15 in 12 venues spread across 11 cities including Moscow, St Petersburg and Sochi.
Related Coverage Russian deputy PM calls for IOC to invite cleared athletes to Olympics
BEIJING, April 9 The head of China's insurance regulator is under investigation for suspected disciplinary violations, the ruling Communist Party's anti-corruption watchdog said on Sunday, using phrasing that usually refers to graft.
In a brief statement, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection said Xiang Junbo, head of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, was suspected of "serious disciplinary violations".
It gave no further details.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is leading a campaign against official corruption that is tearing down once-untouchable party, military and business leaders and rolling up their powerful networks of relatives and allies. (Reporting by Kevin Yao)
An Islamic State car bomb killed 24 people in a busy square in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City district on Monday, and the militants temporarily cut a key road north from the capital to Mosul, their last major stronghold in Iraq.
An online statement distributed by Amaq news agency, which supports Islamic State, also known as Isis, said the ultra-hardline Sunni group had targeted a gathering of Shia Muslims, whom it considers apostates.
Sixty-seven people were wounded in the blast. Three other attacks across the city killed eight more people, bringing the death toll from bombings in Baghdad to more than 60 in the past three days.
It was not clear who was responsible. In addition, seven police officers were killed near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday. The upsurge in violence comes as US-backed Iraqi forces are fighting to push Islamic State from the northern city of Mosul, where it is putting up fierce resistance.
The group has lost most of the territory it seized in a blitz across northern and western Iraq in 2014, and ceding Mosul would probably spell the end of its self-styled caliphate. But the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
“The terrorists will attempt to attack civilians in order to make up for their losses, but we assure the Iraqi people and the world that we are able to end terrorism and shorten its life,” prime minister Haider al-Abadi said after talks with visiting French president Francois Hollande.
Burnt-out remains
Monday's blast in Sadr City hit a square where day labourers typically gather. Nine of the victims were women in a passing minibus, whose charred bodies were visible inside the burnt-out remains of the vehicle. Blood stained the ground nearby. A parked car bomb targeting a Sunni religious figure near a mosque in western Baghdad killed five people and another blast close to a hospital in the centre killed one civilian and wounded nine, police and medical sources said.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the southeastern Zaafraniya district, two more people were killed and seven wounded when a car bomb exploded.
Since the drive to recapture Mosul began on October 17th, elite forces have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein.
Mr Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
Clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday. The counter-terrorism service (CTS) blew up several Islamic State car bombs before they reached their targets, and linked up with the Rapid Response forces, an elite Interior Ministry unit, said spokesperson Sabah al-Numani.
CTS was also clearing North Karama district of remaining militants, the fourth area the unit has retaken in the past week, they said. Islamic State targeted military positions away from the main battlefield, killing at least 16 pro-government fighters and cutting a strategic road linking the city to Baghdad, although authorities later said the security forces had regained control of it.
Four soldiers killed
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180km north of the capital, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources. Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks.
Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, they told Reuters by phone. In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90km north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
In the same area, at least three pro-government Shia militia fighters were killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
– (Reuters)
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
LONDON, April 6 Ryanair, Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers, plans to pivot its growth away from Britain over the next two years as the country negotiates its exit from the European Union, its finance director said on Thursday.
Neil Sorahan told reporters in London that the airline had planned to grow by about 15 percent in the UK last year but had instead posted growth of about 6 percent.
"Ryanair is pivoting its growth away from the UK," they said.
"We may see that growth slow down as we get closer to the divorce negotiations coming to an end, unless we get greater certainty as to what we actually can or cannot do within Europe."
Sorahan said the airline also expected Brexit to hit growth in both Britain and the EU, as both parties have to deal with a completely new scenario, although they had not seen that come through yet.
"The only positive, I suppose, for our customers, is that this will lead to lower fares, as we have to stimulate the market," they said. (Reporting by Alistair Smout; writing by Kate Holton; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
April 5 Leclanche SA:
* Said on Tuesday increased revenue by 56% in full year 2016 financial results and achieves key growth plan milestones
* Said consolidated revenues for FY 2016 were 28.5 million Swiss francs ($28.44 million), up by 56% year-on-year
* EBITDA loss for the year amounts to 27.5 million francs compared with the loss of 26.0 million francs in 2015
* Excl all one-off, exceptional and non-recurring items the loss was 18.6 million francs, representing a 54% improvement compared to 2015 in terms of net sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 1.0021 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 3 Warren Buffett, the chairperson and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway Inc, will this weekend welcome thousands of people from around the world to Omaha, Nebraska, for the conglomerate's annual shareholder gathering, the largest in corporate America.
The three-day weekend, which Buffett calls "Woodstock for Capitalists," includes shopping discounts, a five-kilometer run, a cocktail reception that consumes a shopping mall, and Berkshire's annual meeting on May 6. The meeting will be webcast on Yahoo Finance, in English and Mandarin.
BERKSHIRE INFORMATION
-Net income: $24.07 billion (2016)
-Operating income: $17.58 billion (2016)
-Revenue: $223.60 billion (2016)
-Cash, equivalents and Treasury bills: $86.4 billion as of Dec. 31, 2016
-Market value: nearly $410 billion as of May 2, 2017
-Stock price: $249,000 per Class A share as of May 2, 2017, roughly 6.5 percent below its $266,390 peak two months earlier. The more widely-held Class B shares are worth about 1/1,500th as much.
-Compounded annual changes from 1965-2016:
-Book value per share: 19.0 percent
-Stock price: 20.8 percent
-S&P 500 including dividends: 9.7 percent (pre-tax)
-Float (insurance premiums collected before claims are paid, which helps fund investments): $91.6 billion as of year-end
-Major stock investments: American Express, Apple, Coca-Cola, IBM, Kraft Heinz, Wells Fargo. Berkshire has also taken big stakes in the four largest U.S. airlines: American, Delta, Southwest and United Continental. It also has a roughly $11.5 billion paper gain from warrants in Bank of America.
-Selected business units: Benjamin Moore, Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, BNSF, Borsheim's Fine Jewelry, Brooks, Business Wire, Clayton Homes, Duracell, Fruit of the Loom, Geico, General Re, HomeServices of America, IMC International Metalworking, International Dairy Queen, Johns Manville, Lubrizol, Marmon, McLane, National Indemnity, Nebraska Furniture Mart, NetJets, Pampered Chef, Precision Castparts, See's Candies.
-Last major acquisition: Precision Castparts, January 2016
-Selected acquisitions (larger amounts rounded to the nearest a billion): Geico, $2.3 billion (1996); Dairy Queen, $590 million (1998); General Re, $16 billion (1998); NetJets, $725 million (1998); Clayton Homes, $1.7 billion (2003); PacifiCorp, $5 billion (2006); Marmon, $4.5 billion (2008); Burlington Northern Santa Fe, $27 billion (2010); Lubrizol, $9 billion (2011); NV Energy, $6 billion (2013); H.J. Heinz, $12 billion (majority stake, 2013); Van Tuyl, $4.1 billion (2015); Precision Castparts, $32 billion (2016). (Sources: Barclays Capital, Berkshire)
-A failed acquisition: Dexter Shoe, $434 million (1993) (Buffett says they used Berkshire stock now worth roughly $6.3 billion to buy a business whose value "promptly went to zero")
-Employees at year end: 367,671
-Employees in main office: 25, including Buffett
-Succession: Buffett, 86, and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger, 93, have not publicly signaled any plans to retire. Buffett has said Berkshire's board has a succession plan it could implement in fewer than 24 hours.
-Potential successors: Investors view Berkshire insurance executive Ajit Jain and Berkshire Hathaway Energy chief Gregory Abel as top candidates to become chief executive. BNSF Chairman Matthew Rose is also a potential candidate. Buffett's investing lieutenants Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, who together recently managed $21 billion, may take over as chief investment officer. Buffett's eldest son Howard is expected to become non-executive chairperson, and work to preserve Berkshire's culture. Buffett protégé Tracy Britt Cool, 32, chairs several Berkshire units and is chief executive of Pampered Chef.
ATTENDANCE AT BERKSHIRE ANNUAL MEETINGS
1965: 12
1979: about 24
1986: 1,000
1995: 4,100
1997: 7,700
2000: 13,000
2005: 21,000
2015: 40,000+
2016: 37,000 (meeting was webcast for first time; 1.1 million unique online visits were logged in real time)
(Sources: Omaha World-Herald, Berkshire, Reuters)
FACTS ABOUT WARREN BUFFETT
Birth date: August 30, 1930
Education: University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Columbia Business School
Net worth: $74.3 billion on May 2, 2017, ranking fourth worldwide. Bill Gates, the Microsoft Corp co-founder and a Berkshire director since 2004, ranked first. (Source: Forbes)
Berkshire ownership stake: 17.9 percent as of March 17, 2017
Berkshire voting power: 32.7 percent as of March 17, 2017
Annual salary at Berkshire: $100,000
Buffett's takeover of Berkshire: Buffett planned in 1965 to sell back their shares in Berkshire, then a struggling textile company, for $11.50 each. But they got angry when the term sheet showed a price of just $11.375 per share. Buffett instead bought all the shares they could, and took control on May 10, 1965. The textile business closed in 1985.
Year when Buffett met Charlie Munger: 1959
Munger's influence: Though Buffett and Munger admire famed investor Benjamin Graham, Buffett has credited Munger with pushing them to focus on buying wonderful companies at fair prices, rather than fair companies at wonderful prices.
Famous Buffett quotation: "Lose money for the firm, and I will be understanding. Lose a shred of reputation for the firm, and I will be ruthless." - Sept. 4, 1991 Congressional testimony about Salomon Inc, where Buffett became interim chairperson to restore order after a Treasury auction bidding scandal.
Current wife: Astrid Menks, married on August 30, 2006
First wife: Susan, who died in 2004
Children: Susan, Howard and Peter
Philanthropy: Buffett has since 2006 donated more than $24.3 billion to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and four family charities, after pledging 85 percent of their net worth to them. Their Berkshire stock will go to philanthropy after they die.
Home: Has lived in the same house since 1958. The 96-year-old, 10-room, five-bedroom, 2-1/2-bath home on 0.72 acres was assessed at $730,800 in 2017. (Source: Douglas County, Nebraska)
Food preferences: Steak, hamburger, Cherry Coke, See's fudge and peanut brittle.
Percentage of caloric intake from Coke products: 25. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Asia Investment Finance Group Ltd :
* ‍IN JAN 2016​, HARMONIC STRAIT GRANTED TO EACH OF TIANCHEN AND HANBANGLIAN, A LOAN OF RMB30 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Cargojet Inc
* Had amended its syndicated banking facility to increase its revolving credit facility from $175 million to $200 million
* Also, a 5-year term loan facility of up to $75 million was added that will be used to fund acquisition and re-financing of aircraft Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Schmolz & Bickenbach AG:
* Continued recovery of average sales prices to EUR 1 447 per ton from EUR 1 309 per ton in Q1 2016
* Q1 adjusted EBITDA at 66.6 million euros ($72.82 million)compared to 25.0 million euros in Q1 2016; adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 9.4% from 4.1% in Q1 2016
* Outlook 2017: normalization of markets expected to continue until mid-year; low visibility on second half-year
* Q1 revenues of 707.6 million euros, an increase of 17.2% compared to 603.6 million euros in Q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9146 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: Model Naomi Campbell (R) poses for a photograph with fashion stylist Edward Enninful, after Enninful received their Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) at Buckingham Palace, in London, Britain October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Philip Toscano/Pool/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Model Naomi Campbell (R) poses for a photograph with Baroness Amos (L) and fashion stylist Edward Enninful, after Amos received their Member of the Order of the Companions of Honour, and Enninful their Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), at Buckingham Palace in London, Britain October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Philip Toscano/Pool
LONDON Fashion magazine British Vogue said on Monday it has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief, making them the first male editor in the publication's 100-year history.
Ghanaian-born Enninful is the successor to Alexandra Shulman, who announced in January they would be stepping down from the magazine after 25 years in charge.
Enninful, 45, joins from W magazine, where they have been fashion and creative director since 2011. Previously, they had also worked for the Italian and American versions of Vogue.
Jonathan Newhouse, chairperson and chief executive at Condé Nast International, the magazine's publisher, said Enninful was "an influential figure in the communities of fashion, Hollywood and music" who was "supremely prepared" for the job.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; editing by Stephen Addison)
SINGAPORE, April 12 Singapore's retail sales in February fell from a year earlier for the first time since August, due to a sharp drop in the sales of food, beverages and apparel and a decline in sales at department stores and supermarkets, data showed on Wednesday.
Total retail sales fell 2.5 percent from a year earlier, after increasing by a revised 2.3 percent in the previous month, according to data from the Singapore Department of Statistics.
Retail sales fell 17.4 percent in the food and beverages sector in February from the year earlier, while department stores sales dropped 15.0 percent. Supermarket sales fell 15.4 percent and apparel and footwear sector sales declined 12.5 percent.
However, total retail sales rose 2.3 percent in February On a month-on-month and seasonally adjusted basis, after falling by a revised 1.1 percent in the previous month. (Reporting by Fathin Ungku; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
(Repeats Tuesday's story with no changes to text)
By Ingrid Melander, Simon Carraud and Johnny Cotton
PARIS May 2 Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen said capital controls were an option if they won Sunday's presidential election and there was a run on banks as they negotiated France's exit from the European Union, but stressed they were unlikely to be needed.
After days of mixed messages about ditching the euro, a move unpopular with a majority of voters, Le Pen made clear in an interview on Tuesday that they wanted to take France out of the single currency.
"The euro has protected no one, quite the contrary. The euro has been a deadweight for prices, a deadweight for jobs, a deadweight for the competitiveness of our businesses and it would be much simpler to kick-start the economy without this common currency," Le Pen said.
They accused the political establishment of wanting to "frighten" voters into thinking otherwise.
Le Pen said they wanted to replace the EU single currency with another, looser type of cooperation in the form of the ECU basket of currencies that preceded the euro.
That would exist alongside a national currency, which they said they hoped the French people would have in their pockets within two years if they won power.
While a strong majority of National Front supporters back a return to the Franc, opinion polls show three quarters of French voters want to keep the euro, a major obstacle in Le Pen's run for the Elysee.
Last week Le Pen said abandoning the single currency was not their top economic priority and the measure has not featured on their campaign fliers ahead of the second round.
Both were widely viewed as moves to soothe the worries of mainstream right-wing voters whose backing they need if they are to defy opinion polls and triumph. But they told Reuters it was because "99.999 percent of French know very well what my stance is."
EU REFERENDUM
France was a founding member of today's European Union and many investors believe its exit from the euro would precipitate the single currency's demise.
Asked if eventual French negotiations to quit the EU could trigger a run on French banks, Le Pen said: "I am convinced there won't be any banking crisis."
When pressed on whether they would impose capital controls if savers nevertheless did rush to take their money out of banks, they said: "If there's a run on banks, we could very well imagine such a solution for a few days, but I'm telling you it won't happen."
Le Pen said they would launch negotiations with the EU immediately after winning to regain national sovereignty. The talks would include dumping the euro as well as regaining control of France's borders and being able to decide French legislation alone, they said.
Those negotiations could last six to eight months, they said, after which France would hold a referendum on its EU membership. They advocated replacing the EU with a "Europe of projects", a loose cooperative of nations that collaborates on ventures spanning business, security and energy on a case-by-case basis.
If they were happy with the outcome of the negotiations, they would recommend staying inside the bloc, they said.
If they were dissatisfied, which would be most likely, they would urge voters to support France's exit, following Britain's example after its referendum last summer.
Le Pen said their first trip abroad would be to Brussels, headquarters of the EU, where they would inform leaders of EU member states of France's intentions.
The European Commission, the bloc's executive arm, would not be welcome at that meeting, they added.
Asked what they would say to German Chancellor Angela Merkel at their first meeting, Le Pen said: "France will now stand up for the interests of France."
(Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Lough)
March 30 Genmab A/S :
* Phase II study of daratumumab in Non-Hodgkin'S Lymphoma will not proceed to stage 2 of trial
* Genmab says Phase II study (CARINA, LYM2001) in NHL will not proceed
* Genmab says other ongoing and planned studies with daratumumab in lymphomas and other cancers outside multiple myeloma continue as planned
* Genmab says announcement has no impact on other ongoing or planned studies with daratumumab
* Collaboration partner for daratumumab, Janssen Biotech, has decided not to initiate stage 2 of Phase II study (CARINA, LYM2001) of daratumumab
* Study will not proceed to stage 2 based on results of a data review
* Review showed 2 cohorts investigating use of daratumumab monotherapy in relapsed patients with FL, DLBCL didn't reach predefined ORR futility thresholds
* In third cohort in study, patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL), ORR was not evaluable due to slow recruitment Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 FMC Corp
* Qtrly consolidated revenue of $596 million, down 2 percent versus Q1 '16
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.43
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.92
* FMC Corporation announces first quarter 2017 results
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $2.20 to $2.60 excluding items
* FMC Corp - FMC expects adjusted earnings per share to be in range of $2.20 to $2.60 for full year 2017
* FMC Corp - Segment revenue for full year of 2017 is forecast to be in range of $325 million to $365 million for FMC lithium
* FMC Corp - FMC's full year outlook for AG Solutions is unchanged
* FMC Corp - For 2017, full-year segment revenue is expected to be approximately $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion for FMC agricultural solutions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON: Britain was recovering Monday after heavy snow brought freezing temperatures, shutting hundreds of schools and disrupting flights for a second day.
Power was restored to more than 100,000 homes, while airports tried to recover their schedules following the winter's first major snowfall—the biggest in four years.
The last time Britain saw this much heavy snow nationwide was in March 2013, and during the winter of 2010.
Newspaper front pages were filled with pictures of people either enjoying the snow or stuck in gridlock on the roads.
Some 32 centimeters (12.5 inches) of snow fell in Sennybridge in south Wales on Sunday.
And temperatures overnight dropped to minus 11.6 degrees Celsius (11 degrees Fahrenheit) in Northumberland, northeast England.
The Western Power Distribution network said it has restored power to more than 99,500 customers, while a further 7,000 were still without electricity, largely in west central England.
Meanwhile disruption continued on the roads and at airports.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
London Heathrow, Europe's busiest airport by passenger numbers, said it was still experiencing problems.
“Some flights at Heathrow will be disrupted on Monday due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather,” it said.
“We're working with our airline partners to return aircraft to where they need to be, and full service recovery remains the focus.”
Hundreds of schools were closed in western England and north Wales, while much of the kingdom was on a yellow weather warning for snow and ice.
All local authority-run schools in the central city of Birmingham were also shut. AFP
AFP/CC
