THERE'S only one thing that can inspire Brenton Gittos to do a gruelling solo Rottnest Channel Swim — their baby Finn.
The proud Bayswater dad wants to honour the six brief weeks of Finn's life by raising awareness on ways to prevent the sudden infant death syndrome that claimed their healthy little boy in 2015.
“It's not something anyone should go through,” they say of losing a child to SIDS. “Finn wasn't here very long but I want their time here to help. If (my swim) can help save a life, it's worth it.”
While training up to 30km each week, Brenton is attempting their first solo crossing while waving the flag for Finn and raising money for charity Red Nose.
In 2015, there were 113 deaths categorised as sudden unexpected death in infancy, including 18 in WA.
Since risk-reduction campaigns began in 1989, the rate of SUDI in Australia has decreased by 80 per cent, according to Red Nose. An estimated 9450 lives have been saved.
Cheering from the shoreline is their other child — bubbly five-year-old Ethan — who often talks to about their little brother Finn.
Brenton has endured swarms of stingers and plenty of early mornings but says exercise has also helped them manage their own grief.
“It's something you don't expect or take into consideration ... but it's quite preventable,” they say.
“Educating yourself is the best thing — read up on SIDS when you're having a baby.”
Brenton fundraising campaign for Red Nose has so far raised $3000 of its $5000 target. The Rottnest Channel Swim will be held on February 24.
AMMAN — The Jordan Press Association (JPA) has opened an operation room at its headquarters to follow up on the municipal and local elections until the results are announced, the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported on Monday.
Liaison officers will be stationed at the media centre of the Independent Election Commission. JPA also said that it will receive remarks and complaints from journalists covering the elections on the hotline: 0790111999, Petra noted.
Also on Monday, the Civil Coalition for Monitoring Elections and the Performance of Elected Councils (Rased) announced it would monitor the elections through 2,000 stationed observers and 250 field observers.
Rased added that its operations room will have 100 researchers to communicate with observers and analyse information sent through an electronic application, Petra said.
---------- Advertisement ----------
--------------------
Ankita Bhargava family, wedding pics: 14 facts, age, height, weight, biography, wiki, husband, son, daughter, date of birth, scandal
Ankita Karan Patel (née Bhargava) is an Indian television actor. They married television actor Karan Patel on 3 May 2015
Born 17 August 1980 (age 36)[1]
Nationality Indian
Occupation Actress
Years active 2007–present
Spouse(s) Karan Patel (m. 2015)
Ankita Bhargava is an Indian television actor.  They are the daughter of actor Abhay Bhargava who is seen in the show Yeh Hai Mohabbatein as Raman's father-in-law. They have done serials like Sajda Tere Pyaar Mein, Dekha Ek Khwaab and many more. They like the good looks of Ranbir Kapoor and Robin Williams for humility. They were last seen in the newsroom drama Reporters which aired on Sony. They were seen in daily soap Vidya : Ek Kiran Ummeed Ki which aired on DD1.
--------------------
--------------------
Personal Profile Details
Name : Ankita Bhargava
Born on : August 17, 1981
Real Age : 34 years
Father : Abhay Bhargava(Actor)
Spouse : Karan Patel
Occupation : Actress
Ankita Bhargava
Latest News
Ankita Bhargava was recently a part of a short film titled ‘Sunset Years', co-starring their real-life mother Kiran Bhargava. The film is all about loving your parents. Released a few weeks ago, the film has been appreciated by Ankita's near and dear ones.
Family
Ankita Bhargava was born to Abhay Bhargav, who is an actor and their mother is Kiran Bhargava.
Marriage/Husband
Ankita Bhargava got married to Karan Patel on 3 May, 2015 in a Gujarati style. Many television stars were present at the wedding and had a gala time. The couple got engaged on 14 March 2015.
Serials
Kesar
K Street Pali Hill
Kasuati Zindagi Ki
Karam Apna Apna
Don
Dill Mill Gayye
Ye Pyar Na Hoga Kam
Dekha Ek Khwaab
Mrs. Tendulkar
Sajda Tere Pyaar Mein
Ekk Nayi Pehchaan
Vidya : Ek Kiran Ummeed Ki
---------- Advertisement ----------
--------------------
Career
Ankita is a renowned name in the advertisement circuit having shot for ads like ABP News promo ad, Sunfeast Marie, Domino's to name a few. After that they have worked in Tv Serials like Sajda Tere Pyar Mein, Dekha Ek Khwaab, Ek Nayi Pehchaan.
Shows
Ankita Bhargava was seen in Sony TV's newsroom drama Reporters. They have played the role of Shreya in the series which starred Rajiv Khandelwal and Kritika Kamra in the lead roles. They were also seen in a prominent role of Poonam Dhillon's daughter Latika in Sony Tv's daily soap Ek Nayi Pehchaan.
Interview
What does fitness mean to you?
I don't believe in size zero, I am more concerned being healthy.
What efforts do you take to stay fit?
I don't take efforts but I walk a lot to stay fit.
--------------------
--------------------
A celebrity's body you admire?
I think Aamir Khan has a great body.
What is your fitness secret?
Proper meal in every two hours.
The task of catching 'em all in Pokémon Go will soon get a little tougher. The smartphone game's developers at Niantic announced the game's biggest expansion yet, coming "this week," which will add a grand total of "more than 80" creatures introduced in the series' Game Boy Color games Pokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver. When the update goes live, those characters will be seen wandering around your real world, as opposed to requiring a more obtuse method of discovery (i.e., hatching eggs).
But the bigger news may be the other tweaks coming to the game alongside so many 'Mon—and how these all seem designed to open wallets to more of the game's microtransactions.
The first change, dubbed "new encounter gameplay," may make players expect more variety in how they actually capture Pokémon. However, that task will remain unchanged. Players will still have to swipe on the screen to "throw" one of their Pokeballs at a creature. "Don't be surprised if [Pokémon] react in new ways as you're trying to catch them," Niantic tells players in its announcement of the major updates. Basically, this means characters will now dodge your Pokeball tosses in new ways—and it's these dodges that can burn through your inventory (which can either be replenished slowly by walking around in the real world or quickly by spending cash).
Conveniently, Niantic is introducing a new type of "berry" item, called a Nanab Berry, which will essentially drug a Pokémon character and slow it down as you try to capture it. Another type of new berry, the Pinap Berry, will make a Pokémon cough up more of its species' "candies," which are needed for the game's high-level evolution process. Niantic says these new berries will appear at the game's GPS-powered Pokestop locations but did not confirm if they will be available for purchase with real-world money. (The game's basic Razz Berry items still cannot be purchased with cash as of press time.) A much-needed menu tweak will make it quicker to pick berries and balls while trying to capture Pokémon, as well.
To complete that full circle of item interactions, the game's evolution system will expand, with first-generation Pokémon characters requiring new, unnamed evolution items to evolve into the game's new "Johto region" characters. Those items will be discoverable at Pokestops as well (Niantic didn't clarify whether those items would appear in the game's real-money store). Even if not, adding more types of items to the game means the free version's default inventory limit of 250 items, which is already easy to fill to capacity, will only feel more limited. That inventory can be expanded with coins, which can either be earned slowly in the game's "gyms" or paid for with real-world cash. (Each inventory upgrade costs about $2 and can be repeatedly purchased.)
Further Reading Cash, random chance almost ruin Nintendo's first smartphone Fire Emblem The last update: hats! As in, you'll be able to dress your in-game character with new apparel from head to toe and even pick from new character designs. Niantic didn't clarify how many of these would be free and how many would cost money.
As a series overseer, Nintendo is only so involved with Pokémon Go's development. Still, its success and failure till matters to the big N, and the game's update comes as Nintendo's other major smartphone launches, Super Mario Run and Fire Emblem Heroes, mature somewhat in the market. Super Mario Run's sales, all paid via a one-time $10 purchase, have plateaued (though that will surely change once the game launches on Android in March), while the weeks-old Fire Emblem Heroes, which relies heavily on microtransactions, continues to rank in the top-10 "grossing" charts on both iOS and Android in both the United States and Japan.
This article has been updated to clarify Nintendo's development relationship with Pokémon Go.
In an age of tense politics and global relations, Kate Upton appearing on the cover of Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit issue is a thing most of us can agree with.
The 24-year-old model was announced as the iconic magazine's 2017 Swimsuit cover figure on Valentine's Day. The issue will have three different covers this year, all featuring Upton in various poses and swimsuits. See all three covers in the image above, which was tweeted by @SI_Swimsuit early Wednesday.
BELOW: Watch Upton's covers revealed on "Jimmy Kimmel Live"
"[Upton] changed the direction of the modeling industry," Sports Illustrated Swimsuit editor MJ Day told the magazine. "Kate Upton was really this trailblazer that led the way for the Ashley Grahams of the world and everything you're seeing happen that's different in fashion right now."
Upton has been on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue twice before, in 2012 and 2013. They first appeared in the magazine in 2011, at the age of 18.
Upon being revealed as the 2017 cover model, Upton said they were "so honored and excited" to be back in the magazine.
Wow, so honored and excited to be back with @SI_Swimsuit in an issue that celebrates beauty and confidence in all shapes & sizes!#siswim17 https://t.co/lSPBtcK5Wo — Kate Upton (@KateUpton) February 15, 2017
The issue hit newsstands today.
Clint Davis covers entertainment and trending news topics for the Scripps National Desk. Follow them on Twitter @MrClintDavis.
LAFOLLETTE (WATE) – The LaFollette Police Department is looking for a missing Campbell County man.
Roman Keith Wright, 42, was last seen at a home on Bethlehem Road in LaFollette on June 28. Family members say no one has seen or spoken with them since then.
Wright is 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighs 150 pounds. They have brown hair and brown eyes and usually wears a goatee and mustache.
Anyone with information on Wright's whereabouts is asked to call the LaFollette Police Department at (423) 562-8331.
No king salmon allowed!
That Department of Fish and Game announcement doesn't seem to be hurting boat loads in this year's Golden North Salmon Derby. Derby officials said contestants are actually catching more fish than last year.
If you can't have the biggest king, you might as well catch all the silvers your ice box can hold.
Derby workers are hunched over dragging tubs of silver salmon, or Coho, across the bare wood of a float in the Auke Bay harbor. They're working on filling up super-sized plastic containers with the fish derby contestants are reeling in.
A small tub used to collect fish from boats as they check in at the weigh station. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO) Kami Bartness and an eager helper dive for Coho stored in a large fish tote on Float C in Statter Harbor on Saturday. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
Kami Bartness is in charge of the three stations that weigh fish for the Golden North Salmon Derby. They said even though contestants aren't allowed to target the prized king salmon, Juneau residents aren't snubbing the three-day contest.
“I think the first day, from all the weigh stations; we're probably looking at about 1100 validations, which is pretty comparable to last year,” Bartness said.
Contestants brought in about 16,000 pounds of fish on the first day of the contest, Bartness estimates.
“That's better already than last year – the first day,” they said.
Last year, the derby landed about 18,000 pounds.
Fish and Game banned king fishing a week before the derby's start because of record-low fish numbers.
Historically the derby's heaviest fish have been kings. This year, first place will go to a silver. Derby officials said this is the first silver-only derby in its 71-year history.
But, Bartness said it's logical that the closure isn't hurting the contest.
“In August, it's mostly Coho fishing anyway,” they said. “It's just the way the species run. King fishing is mostly May and June.”
They said last year, contestants only asked to put 70 king salmon in the running for a prize.
“So about 85 percent of all the proceeds came from Coho anyways,” Bartness said.
Derby contestants pull alongside the Auke Bay weigh station on Saturday. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
This electronic scale is used to weigh fish entered into the competition. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
A boat enters the Auke Bay harbor on Saturday. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
Boaters watch activity at the Auke Bay weigh station on Saturday. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
Kami Bartness during a lull in the action on Saturday. (Photo by Quinton Chandler/KTOO)
Katherine Dimond won first place last year with a 27 and a half pound king salmon. Midway through this year's derby, the biggest Coho weighed is just under 19 pounds.
Bartness said the good news is many of the fish that don't have a chance to win are being donated toward the Territorial Sportsmen Scholarship Foundation.
“All the fish that are turned in, weighed and scholarship (fish) get sold to Alaska Glacier Seafoods — the processor here,” they said. “They in turn, give Territorial Sportsmen a check for the sale of that fish.”
Territorial Sportsmen, the derby's organizer, puts the money into a scholarship fund and each year they give earnings from that fund to several local graduates to use for their next education goals.
According to the derby website, last year's derby fish were worth slightly more than $24,000.
Derby officials plan to finalize results for the 2017 derby and announce winners on Tuesday.
French President Emmanuel Macron visited the Oval Office in Washington on Tuesday for the first time since Donald Trump became US president. Radio Sputnik discussed the relations between France and the US and the future of the Iran nuclear deal with Sina Azodi, a US-based expert on Tehran's foreign policy and US-Iranian relations.
Sputnik: The US and France, of course, historically have good relations. The presidents of the two countries are also noted to have a close relationship, or even friendship, which some have characterized as a "bromance." How much influence do these two leaders have currently on the state of global affairs?
Sina Azodi: Well, the "bromance," as you said, has shown itself more during Macron's presidency, tenure, and President Trump. To go back to your question, France is increasingly trying to separate itself, in my opinion, from Europe, and because they are trying to maintain their relationship with the US, and the UK has its own troubles with the EU, and Germany, as Chancellor Merkel mentioned, they are not happy with how President Trump is acting, and they believe that President Trump doesn't share the same values that Europe shares. So, France, I think, is increasingly becoming closer to the US.
READ MORE: Trump Thanks Macron for 'Steadfast Partnership' in US-Led Strikes on Syria
Sputnik: Trump does not have a very good relationship with the rest of Europe, and a lot of the leaders of European countries feel that Trump is the opposite of what European standards and what European morals and everything else are about. Macron obviously has a good relationship within Europe. They have a good relationship with other European leaders. Why do you think it is that they are able to overlook Trump's many discrepancies with European values?
Sina Azodi: Well, as the president of France, I think Macron is interested in the interests of their own country and their own tenure. And as I said, they want to use the opportunity to basically "make France great again." Maybe President Macron is a relatively young president, I mean, compared to President Trump. But, as I said, they have their own interests. And they also want to make sure that France plays an important role in global affairs. And I think with this special relationship that I mentioned with President Trump, they can use this opportunity to achieve that goal which, as I said, it's not really a term, "make France great again."
Sputnik: What are the issues that they disagree upon, if you talk about Trump and Macron?
Sina Azodi: I think there are three important issues, and President Macron has mentioned all three of them. One is in Syria. France has basically insisted that the US should stay in Syria despite President Trump's feelings that the US should withdraw. There is one. The second is the trade war with EU. Again, President Macron mentioned that you can't really have wars with everyone, including your own allies. You can't have a trade war with China, and then another trade war with Europe. So, that's the second issue.
READ MORE: Trump Warns Iran Against Restarting Nuclear Program
And I think the third issue, which, I think, would be on the top of agenda for President Macron's trip, would be the Iran nuclear deal or the JCPOA. France wants the United States to stay in the JCPOA, but President Trump has said it repeatedly that they are not happy with how the JCPOA works and that they want to withdraw by the May 12 deadline.
Sputnik: I think that Macron has said they feel that they will be able to convince Donald Trump not to pull out of the JCPOA. What are your thoughts on the chances that Macron will be able to convince Trump to stay in that deal for now and for a longer period of time?
Sina Azodi: I'd like to be cautiously optimistic that they can be successful. But it's really hard with President Trump because, you know, they decide something and then last minute they change their decision. So, we really have to wait until May 12 and see what President Trump would do on that particular date. But it is important that the Europeans, the Germans and the French, they'll see more of the consequences of the US withdrawal from the deal, because they are closer to Iran geographically, they have diplomatic relations, they have trade relations, so they will suffer more from a US withdrawal from the JCPOA than the US.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
For every “Halloween” and “Get Out,” there will always be a “Jason X” or “Zombie Strippers.”
Horror, by nature, is the most dif­ficult genre to put on screen. Trying to elicit a state of panic from audi­ences is already impossible because the audience knows it's not real. It then falls to the director to create characters we can identify with enough to shriek when things go bump in the night. When the director doesn't do their job, you get a B-movie and it becomes an entirely different kind of horror.
“Truth or Dare” stars Lucy Hale as Olivia Barron, who travels to Mexico for spring break with a core group of no-name friends. There they meet a man at the bar who knows a great spot for a friendly game of truth or dare, which just happens to be at an aban­doned monastery. Nothing strange there. But when Olivia returns to school, the game continues. If you don't tell the truth when asked, you die. If you fail to complete a dare, you die.
The premise might be your first tip-off that this isn't going to be a par­ticularly well-crafted horror. It's some­thing of a running joke that the pro­tagonists of these films do the exact opposite of what any actual person would do. “Evil Dead” is a franchise founded on that concept. By having characters consistently make piss-poor decisions, it eliminates any kind of connection with a reasonably intelli­gent audience. When the “horror” actually hits someone, it becomes one of many instances where you're check­ing your watch. Typical B-movies go the extra mile that makes you laugh at the character's stupidity. “Truth or Dare” has all the hallmarks of such a film, without the cheesy charm that usually goes with it.
When a cast of young adults wan­der through a haunted forest or find a satanic burial site, there's usually a designated “jerk” that dies first so au­diences get a taste without losing their favorite character. In “Truth or Dare,” however, almost every member of the gang is extremely unlikable.
The most obvious douchebag is Ronnie (Sam Lerner), an oversexed bro that's somehow tolerated despite their frankness about their junk being com­parable to a pool cue. Spoiler: When they are dared by the demon to show ev­eryone what's going on down there, Ronnie refuses and then slips on an eight-ball and snaps their neck. It's by far the most satisfying death in the film, and interests viewers enough to keep watching as the killings go on, but the movie never takes advantage of the possibilities. The rest of the cast either cheats on their boyfriends, sells pre­scription drugs or harbors awfully bor­ing secrets the demon wants brought to light.
The whole thing is completely for­gettable outside of one creative se­quence, but it's notable for its presenta­tion. One would think that with such a ridiculous-looking facial stretch rep­resenting demonic possession, this film would exercise some form of comedic awareness. Nothing that happens is played for irony and the absurdity con­tinues to escalate from the beginning. When the source of the evil is identified and Olivia tries to stop it, what follows are an ending so bizarre it's difficult to describe. Besides going against every­thing we know about the protagonist by that point, it watches like a smug boardroom pitch enamored with its own genius, unaware the listeners had jumped from the balcony window. Save yourself from this Satan spawn of a movie and go see something else.
Like this: Like Loading...
March 28 Azincourt Uranium Inc:
* Azincourt Uranium announces option agreement to acquire a 70% interest in the east preston uranium project in the athabasca basin
* Azincourt Uranium Inc - azincourt may acquire a 70% interest eastern portion of preston project consisting of approximately 25,329 contiguous hectares
* Azincourt Uranium-to acquire 70% interest in east preston project by incurring c$2.5 million of staged expenditures, paying c$1 million in staged cash payments Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A pollster hired by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach has testified that they conducted a survey of 500 adults and found just one person who couldn't produce a document proving U.S. citizenship.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reported Monday their testimony came on the seventh day of a bench trial challenging the Kansas proof-of-citizenship requirement. Pollster Pat McFerron also acknowledged possible bias in their survey under questioning by an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union.
U.S. District judge Julie Robinson allowed McFerron to testify, even though they were not identified as an expert witness before the deadline that had been set by the judge.
McFerron is president of Cole Hargrave Snodgrass, a firm which primary caters to Republican candidates. They were paid $9,000 for their survey.
Photo courtesy of MGN Online.
NEW YORK -- Former NBA player Sebastian Telfair has been arrested on weapons and marijuana-related charges during a traffic stop in Brooklyn.
Police say Telfair, 32, of Orlando, Florida, was arrested just before 3 a.m. Sunday with another man after officers found firearms, a semi-automatic rifle, ammunition, a ballistic vest and marijuana in their vehicle.
The Ford F150 truck with Florida plates was illegally parked on a median in the location then pulled away without headlights, reports CBS New York, citing police. Once the truck was pulled over, officers found a burning marijuana cigarette inside, police said.
It wasn't clear if Telfair, a Brooklyn native, had a lawyer.
Telfair was a first-round draft pick in 2004. They started with the Portland Trail Blazers and spent time with the Boston Celtics, Minnesota Timberwolves and other teams before ending their career in China in 2014.
Telfair and another friend were arrested in 2007 after a traffic stop when police found a loaded handgun in the vehicle. They pleaded guilty to criminal possession of a weapon and was sentenced to three years of probation.
NEW YORK, NY - NOVEMBER 03: Sebastian Telfair #31 of the Oklahoma City Thunder looks on during a game against the Brooklyn Nets at the Barclays Center on November 3, 2014 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and/or using this photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Alex Goodlett/Getty Images)
© 2017 USA TODAY
LOS ANGELES, April 20 The Los Angeles data examined by Reuters offers a granular look at where children have been exposed to dangerous levels of lead in the United States' most populous county.
The data tracks blood lead level testing results for children from birth to six years old from 2011-2015, aggregated by census tract.
L.A. County shared results for each census tract with at least 100 unique children tested over this period. Most neighborhoods throughout the county are included.
The results show children tested, and those with one or more elevated tests. The data reflects the census tract where children were living when they were screened.
An elevated result is equal to or greater than the CDC's reference value of 5 micrograms per deciliter. Any result above 4.5 is rounded up to 5 and considered elevated, in keeping with a standard convention for reporting of lead test results.
The CDC used the same convention when it found that 5 percent of children tested in Flint had elevated lead levels during the peak of the city's water contamination crisis.
The CDC lowered its elevated threshold most recently in 2012, in part to reflect the medical consensus that even low levels of lead exposure cause permanent harm to children.
The agency is considering lowering it again, a move that could lead to more children testing high and expand efforts to remove lead from the environment.
The L.A. County results include both capillary (finger-prick) and venous blood tests. Both have margins of error, although venous tests are considered more accurate and “confirmatory.”
The data has limits. Many children don't get tested, and results from some cities are excluded. Data from Vernon, Long Beach and Pasadena – each with independent health departments – wasn't available from the county.
California requires testing for children enrolled in Medicaid at ages one and two, and advises physicians to test some other children, including those living in older housing.
A similar “targeted testing” policy is used in most states, including Michigan, although some states require testing for all children. Elevated blood lead levels are likely more common among children who get screened for the toxin, California officials say.
However, Reuters found that even children with risk factors often aren't tested, including those living in old housing. And Medicaid paid for screening covering only about one in three enrollees for whom tests were indicated in the state, 2015 billing data showed.
California's Department of Public Health says comparisons with other areas aren't warranted. Sources of lead exposure, and tracking of blood tests, can differ between areas.
“Testing results need to be considered in the context of the unique population being tested,” the department said in a statement.
The L.A. data builds upon previous Reuters reporting in California. A report last month documented areas, including parts of Fresno, Oakland and Los Angeles, with worrisome childhood exposure rates. That report was based on testing data from about a fourth of zip codes statewide in 2012, shared earlier by the state's Department of Public Health. Today's article is based on a far more comprehensive trove of data for L.A. County, recently obtained by Reuters.
(Reporting By Joshua Schneyer)
SAN DIEGO — San Diego is on the shortlist of locations for a U.S. Army command center focused on cutting-edge technology and military modernization, the San Diego Regional EDC announced Tuesday.
Mayor Kevin Faulconer's office was notified last Thursday that San Diego is among the 15 cities being considered for the Army Futures Command, which is expected to employ nearly 500 civilians and service members.
The city will work jointly with San Diego Regional EDC, an independent nonprofit that promotes city economic competitiveness, to submit a bid package in May.
“San Diego easily checks all the boxes for the Army Futures Command. We have a community that embraces its innovation economy, an unparalleled workforce and top-tier universities,” said Mark Cafferty, president and CEO of the EDC. “But beyond that, San Diego has a long history of collaborating with the military to spur innovation and protect national security.”
Chief among location criteria is an established technological innovation ecosystem, according to the letter that Army Undersecretary Ryan McCarthy sent to the mayor's office.
Specifically, the Army is looking for a talent pool rich with biomedical, chemical, computer, electrical, materials and mechanical engineers, as well as materials scientists and software developers.
Industry, academic and government partners should network together and support each other, according to the Army criteria. Army officials will also prioritize a strong quality of life in regard to services, amenities, housing, neighborhoods and transportation.
“Based on the initial analysis, your city appears to have a combination of talent, commercial and academic innovation, and quality of life that we are looking for in locating the command,” McCarthy wrote.
* Investors await first round of France's presidential election
* Dollar edges vs yen as flight-to-safety bid eases
TOKYO, April 20 The dollar caught its breath in Asian trading on Thursday, holding above lows hit earlier this week as investors anxiously awaited this weekend's first round of presidential voting in France.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. currency against a basket of six major rivals, edged up 0.1 percent to 99.781 , moving away from a three-week low of 99.465 plumbed on Tuesday.
The euro was flat on the day at $1.07140, and was expected to tread water ahead of this weekend's vote.
Centrist Emmanuel Macron held on to their lead as favourite to emerge as the eventual victor, a closely watched poll showed, although it indicated that the outcome of the first round of voting on Sunday was too close to call.
Millions of French voters remain undecided, making this the least predictable vote in France in decades, and raising fears of a potential surprise result that spread turmoil in markets.
Against its perceived safe-haven Japanese counterpart, the dollar was slightly higher on the day at 108.84 yen, pulling away from five-month lows touched on Monday.
"There was a reversal of the recent flight-to-safety trend on Wednesday that we'd been seeing," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the private client group of U.S. Bank in Helena, Montana.
"You can see that reflected in the U.S. yield curve, as rates moved a bit higher after release of the Beige Book," they said, referring to the U.S. Federal Reserve's periodic report on the economy.
The Beige Book showed the economy expanded at a modest-to-moderate pace between mid-February and the end of March, but inflation pressures remained in check despite more difficulties in attracting and retaining workers.
The Fed raised its benchmark interest rate in March for the second time in three months. But in recent weeks, weaker-than-forecast data on employment, consumer spending and inflation, as well as geopolitical tension in Syria and North Korea, have prompted investors to trim their expectations for two more hikes this year, according to interest rate futures.
Investors also remain concerned that the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump will be able to pass fiscal or tax reforms any time soon.
Sterling was steady on the day at $1.2845 after notching a more than six-month high of $1.2908 on Tuesday after British Prime Minister Theresa May called for an early general election ahead of Brexit negotiations.
(Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: You can use good-quality canned beans or dried beans in this dish. Just remember that dried beans need to soak overnight before cooking.
Number of servings Serves 6
Ingredients
3 cups fresh corn kernels (cut from 4 or 5 ears of corn) or frozen corn kernels, thawed 1/2 cup water 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice 2 tablespoons chopped red bell pepper 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro (fresh coriander) 1 tablespoon ground cumin 2 teaspoons dried oregano 1/4 teaspoon red pepper flakes 3/4 pound (12 ounces) flank steak 1 large head romaine lettuce, trimmed and torn into bite-sized pieces (about 6 cups) 4 cups cherry tomatoes, halved 3/4 cup thinly sliced red onion 1 1/2 cups cooked black beans, no salt added
Directions
Place a dry, large cast-iron or heavy nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the corn and cook, stirring often, until the corn begins to brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.
In a food processor, combine the water, lime juice, bell pepper and 1 cup of the roasted corn. Pulse to puree. Add the olive oil, 1/4 teaspoon of the salt, 1/4 teaspoon of the black pepper and the cilantro. Pulse to blend. Set the vinaigrette aside.
Prepare a hot fire in a charcoal grill or heat a gas grill or broiler (grill). Away from the heat source, lightly coat the grill rack or broiler pan with cooking spray. Position the cooking rack 4 to 6 inches from the heat source.
In a small bowl, mix together the cumin, oregano, red pepper flakes and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper. Rub on both sides of the steak. Place the steak on the grill rack or broiler pan and grill or broil, turning once, until browned, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Cut into the center to check for doneness (medium doneness is 160 F if using a meat thermometer). Let stand for 5 minutes. Cut across the grain into thin slices. Cut the slices into pieces 2 inches long.
In a large bowl, combine the lettuce, tomatoes, onion, black beans and remaining roasted corn. Add the vinaigrette and toss gently to mix well and coat evenly.
To serve, divide the salad among individual plates. Top each serving with slices of grilled steak.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :About 2 1/2 cups salad topped with 2 ounces grilled steak Total carbohydrate 37 g
37 g Dietary fiber 9 g
9 g Sodium 249 mg
249 mg Saturated fat 2 g
2 g Total fat 9 g
9 g Trans fat 0 g Cholesterol 36 mg
36 mg Protein 21 g
21 g Monounsaturated fat 5 g
5 g Calories 295
295 Total sugars 7 g
7 g Added sugars 0 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Nuts, seeds and dry beans 1/2
1/2 Meats, poultry and fish 2
2 Fats and oils 1
1 Vegetables 2 Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Protein and dairy 1
1 Fats 1
1 Carbohydrates 1
1 Vegetables 2 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Meat and meat substitutes 2
2 Fats 1
1 Nonstarchy vegetables 2
2 Starches 2
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
Turkey's Erdoğan talks to Ankara Mayor Gökçek about possible resignation
Turkey's autocratic President and Chairman of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) Recep Tayyip Erdoğan held talks with Ankara Mayor Melih Gökçek, who was reportedly asked to resign by the party administration.
According to NTV, Gökçek arrived at the Presidential Palace in Ankara on Thursday evening to have talks with Erdoğan concerning their possible resignation.
The Presidential Press Office on Friday denied media reports that Erdoğan had met on Thursday with both Gökçek and Balıkesir Mayor Ahmet Edip Uğur. “Claims about meetings and talks that President Erdoğan held [with the two mayors] are not true,” the press office said, although acknowledging that the president did meet with Gökçek. “Mr. President had a talk yesterday [Thursday] with Ankara Mayor Melih Gökçek at the presidential palace, but they [Erdoğan] did not have any meeting with Balıkesir Mayor Edip Uğur.”
Ankara Mayor Gökçek was reportedly asked to resign by President Erdoğan. However, speaking to the media on Friday, Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım denied claims about Gökçek's resignation, calling it “just rumors.”
Following the meeting Gökçek, who has been mayor of Ankara since 1994, claimed on Twitter that they had presented their plans for a museum to be built across from the presidential palace.
On their way back from Tehran to Ankara early on Thursday, Erdoğan told reporters accompanying them that resignation or dismissal from a job should not be seen as a problem. “In fact, a number of our friends have quit their jobs in the past and were then given different positions,” they added.
“But if you don't see this as a [political] cause and you behave as a bargainer, rather than as a volunteer, and if you say ‘I have my own honor,' then don't be offended, but the honor of the party is more important than yours,” Erdoğan said.
Erdoğan's statement came after reports in the Turkish media that the AKP administration had demanded the resignation of a number of mayors, including Gökçek, following the departure of Kadir Topbaş as İstanbul mayor on Sept. 22.
Referring to reports that Balıkesir Mayor Ahmet Edip Uğur has resisted calls to resign, Erdoğan said: “We are not an ordinary political party. Our political party is at the same time our political cause. Those who believe in this cause must submit their resignation when necessary.”
“It's good when one is promoted to a position, but why is it strange when one is asked to leave the job due to what I call ‘metal fatigue'?” they said.
After the reports about their resignation, Gökçek said, “I have had glory and honor [as Ankara mayor]” and added that the reports were baseless and aimed at setting people against each other in the party. (SCF with turkishminute.com)
Related
It appears that the Jacksonville Jaguars could be without wide receiver Marqise Lee for Sunday's game, who was listed as questionable on the team's final injury report today with a rib injury. Center Brandon Linder, wide receiver Jaelen Strong and safety Jarrod Wilson were also listed as questionable, while linebacker Lerentee McCray was the lone player ruled out.
As for the Pittsburgh Steelers, it appears the team will be predominantly healthy with the exception of offensive tackle Marcus Gilbert, who missed Friday's practice and has been listed as doubtful for Sunday's game.
The full injury report for both teams is as follows:
Jaguars injury report
Full participants:
QB Blake Bortles (right wrist)
CB Jalen Ramsey (ankle)
RB Leonard Fournette (ankle)
FB Tommy Bohanon (knee)
LB Donald Payne (hamstring)
OG A.J. Cann (hand)
DT Malik Jackson (groin)
Limited participants:
Marqise Lee (ribs)
WR Jaelen Strong (hamstring)
C Brandon Linder (illness)
S Jarrod Wilson (shoulder)
Non-participants:
LB Lerentee McCray
Pittsburgh Steelers injury report
Full participants:
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Jaguars Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
James Harrison (illness)
Mike Mitchell (hamstring)
LB Bud Dupree (shoulder)
LB Ryan Shazier (shoulder)
TE Jesse James (shoulder)
S Sean Davis (ankle)
OL Ramon Foster (thumb)
QB Ben Roethlisberger (non-injury)
DL Stephon Tuitt (biceps)
Those who missed Wednesday's practice:
Southwest Airlines was forced to apologize Tuesday after a woman was confronted by a desk agent and forced to prove that they were the mother of their mixed-race son before being allowed to board a flight.
Aside from offering their apology, the airline indicated that the incident would be used as a "coaching opportunity for our employee."
© AP Photo / Amanda Bourman via AP One Person Dies After Southwest Engine Explodes, Forces Emergency Landing in Philly (VIDEOS, PICTURES)
"We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention," the company added.
Lindsay Gottlieb, the head coach for the women's basketball team at the University of California, Berkeley, was getting ready to board Flight 1808 to Oakland, California, with their son Jordan on Sunday when they were stopped and required to provide a birth certificate to prove that the one-year-old was indeed their son.
Gottlieb detailed the odd encounter via Twitter on Monday, saying that the employee was prompted to question them after noticing that both the mother and child had different last names even though airlines are not required to do so for domestic flights.
However, according to the frustrated mother, it had more to do with skin color than last names. Gottlieb is white while their fiance and baby's father, Patrick Martin, is black.
— Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
— Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
— Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
​In an additional statement to the Boston Globe, Southwest explained that FAA regulations require airlines to "verify a lap child is under the age of two by reviewing a birth certificate or government issued identification." A lap child is defined as a toddler that will be sitting on a parent or guardian's lap instead of a seat throughout the flight.
"Although some international travel requires additional paperwork for leaving the country with a minor, domestic travel does not require airlines to match the last name of a child and guardian," it added.
Though Gottlieb has since stated that the weekend incident was hurtful, they told the Associated Press that they hope this "can serve as a learning opportunity."
"I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say ‘Hey, this isn't OK,'" they told the publication, before adding, "that all families — regardless of how ‘traditional' they may or may not look — [should be] treated with dignity and respect."
Gottlieb told local San Francisco station KPIX that the incident should not reflect the overall attitude of the airline.
"I suspect it was just one insensitive employee," they said. "It hurt my feelings. It made me feel a little bit less than and it's not OK."
Brand loyalty is a crazy thing. It's often absent of logic or sound financial reasoning. Not horsepower, nor torque, nor towing capacity can change the mind of a loyal pickup truck buyer in the majority of situations. If you own a specific make and model, you buy that make and model again and again until you're buried in it regardless of the what the competition is offering. That's what makes this ad from Chevy so fascinating. Yes, it's a race between a Silverado 3500HD and a Ford Super Duty where the Ford loses, but it won't persuade a gaggle of Blue Oval loyalist to the side with the bowtie.
There's also the fact that this is an advertisement right on Chevy's own YouTube channel. That raises enough concern in the minds of loyal Ford owners the race was rigged. Chevy isn't too forthcoming on what engine and transmission are in the Ford Super Duty.
Maybe the drivers aren't giving the Ford all its got. Are the payloads really equal? These are questions that become Reddit conspiracy theories if left unanswered. It'll also lead to angry internet comments about which truck is actually the best. At worst, the video only energizes Chevy's base while angering the other side. It's an online automotive fistfight.
It makes sense for Chevy to make ads like this. The Ford F-Series remains America's best-selling model. In 2017, Ford sold 896,764 F-Series trucks. Chevy sold 585,864 Silverado pickup trucks during the same year. Chevy would need to work hard to make a dent in Ford's sales lead. However, while the video won't persuade many to abandoned Ford, it could lure new buyers. Truck sales are up in 2017, riding the wave of car buyers who are shunning sedans and other small cars. Crossovers and trucks are kings right now, and this ad only exemplifies how hard automakers are fighting for new sales.
Source: Chevrolet via YouTube
Liverpool's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is carried on a stretcher after getting injured.
Liverpool's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is carried on a stretcher after getting injured.
ALEX OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN appears to be a major doubt for the World Cup after the England midfielder suffered a “really bad injury” in Liverpool's Champions League win over Roma.
Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino scored twice as the Premier League club recorded a 5-2 victory in the first leg of the semi-final at Anfield.
However, the win came at a cost for Liverpool, who conceded two late goals to give Roma a glimmer of hope ahead of the return fixture in the Italian capital.
Oxlade-Chamberlain was hurt while sliding in to tackle Aleksandar Kolarov in the 15th minute, with the former Arsenal player treated on the touchline before being carried away on a stretcher.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp confirmed the initial verdict was not good, in worrying news for not just their club boss but also national team manager Gareth Southgate.
“Oxlade-Chamberlain's is probably a really bad injury,” the German told BT Sport.
“If you can say that before the scan, it's never good news. That's a massive blow for us.
“We have still a few very important games to go and the squad doesn't get any bigger at the moment. We need obviously to be creative in the next few games.
“We also need the crowd. The atmosphere tonight was brilliant but on Saturday it must be exactly the same. It cannot be a little bit less, because we really need the crowd.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
At around 3 A.M. Tuesday morning, 13 truckers and Michigan State Police helped save the life of a suicidal man on interstate 696 near Detroit. Police first noticed a man standing on the overpass at Coolidge street at around 1 A.M, and quickly went to work on shutting down the freeway in an attempt to stop them from jumping.
According to The Detroit News, Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesperson, said that the department asked 13 truckers who had been stopped with the highway shut down to head to the overpass. The idea was to park all 13 semi-trucks underneath the overpass to prevent the man from jumping to their death. Thanks to the effort, the man was walked off the bridge before being taken by Huntington Woods Police to Beaumont hospital for evaluation.
The image below shows all of the trucks parked under the overpass:
The photo was posted to the Twisted Truckers facebook page, and one user, Chris Harrison, who claimed to be one of the truckers in the event, said that “the cops came up and waved 6 or 7 of us through and then stopped us under the bridge.” They continued, “same thing on the west bound side. I just happened to be one of the guys in the front of the line.”
Police reportedly talked to the man for several hours before the incident came to a close. At around 4 A.M., the 696 was reopened to travelers. "You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911," the police wrote on Twitter in an effort to curb other attempts. "There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again."
Source: Fox2, The Detroit News
Positive outlook for property group after rise in profits
INCREASED pre-tax profits and revenue are the highlights of a strong performance in the first half of 2017 for estate agency and property services provider Connells Group.
The firm, whose headquarters are at Leighton Buzzard, has reported a 4% rise in revenue and pre-tax profits up by £0.2 million to £31.5 million.
It says the results have come in a more subdued sales market. However, volumes are showing a noticeable bounce back in activity towards the end of June and an increased sales pipeline as it enters the second half of the year.
The group is to open a second head office location at Houghton Place in Dunstable to create extra capacity as the plc expands, said chief executive David Livesey pictured.
They added: “Our performance signals Connells Group's strength in what has undoubtedly been an unsettled marketplace. The noticeable cooling in the market, as a result of uncertainty surrounding the Brexit negotiations was further compounded by the snap general election which did little to boost consumer sentiment.
“Notwithstanding these exceptional external challenges, our breadth of business brought resilience, allowed us to gain market share and consolidate our position as the UK's most profitable estate agency group.”
The group's lettings network delivered a 14.5% in crease in income, mortgage services revenue rose by 11.8% and survey and valuation activation generated an extra 4.5% income.
Mr Livesey said: “We will continue to invest in our people and processes to provide a market leading service, regardless of any fluctuations in the market, and will continue to look for further investment and acquisition opportunities as the year progresses.
"We enter the second half of the year with a noticeably higher pipeline compared to last year and, with the imbalance between demand and supply still the key market feature, our outlook for the rest of the year remains positive.”
14-08-2017
It is tempting to dismiss the “feminist” foreign-aid makeover outlined by International Development Minister Marie-Claude Bibeau last Friday as world-stage virtue signalling, or a sop to Justin Trudeau's rather too fervent foreign admirers, or a shell-game exercise in political cynicism and brand-management opportunism.
Justin Trudeau's Liberals spend less on foreign aid than Stephen Harper's Conservatives did. We're spending about half what we should be to match G7 foreign-aid levels. The defence budget just got $62 billion over 20 years. All true, or at least close enough to true by the low standards of political drama-queening. It's tempting to whinge like this, but it's facile and wrong-headed.
The rationale underlying “Canada's Feminist International Assistance Policy” is that the smartest and best way to build a more peaceful and prosperous world is to fight for the empowerment of women. The idea is that by advancing gender equality, you directly tackle the primary cause of global poverty and instability: the inequality and economic exclusion of women.
The overwhelming preponderance of hard evidence from vast volumes of social and economic data shows that this is an unimpeachable proposition. The emancipation of women is the most important freedom struggle in human history.
While Justin Trudeau may not be doing either themselves or the Liberal brand or the cause of feminism any favours by courting the affections of corporate landlady Ivanka Trump – whose fashion line is produced by the exertions of Chinese and Indonesian sweatshop labour – Trudeau's Liberals are nevertheless getting the basics right.
The plan Bibeau outlined in fairly exhausting detail would ensure that within five years, 15 per cent of Canada's bilateral development assistance will specifically target gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls. Bibeau calls this a “dramatic shift” in Canada's international development focus, and it is. Across the gamut of Global Affairs Canada programs, 80 per cent of spending will hinge on the contribution the outlays make to this objective. Within five years, “at least 95 per cent of Canada's bilateral international development assistance investments will either target or integrate gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls.”
You could say that it is disingenuous of the Liberals to say the Conservatives set aside no more than two per cent for gender equality – that estimate doesn't fairly account for the $3 billion in commitments Stephen Harper's government made to an innovative, private-public partnership aimed at maternal, newborn and child health worldwide. Similarly, just one focus of Global Affairs' attention will be the scourge of child marriage, forced marriage and female genital mutilation, and the eradication of those customs and practices would likely have been missing from the UN's Sustainable Development Goals without the efforts of the Harper government. An estimated 200 million girls and women have been subjected to genital mutilation in 30 UN member states that persist in a barbaric contempt for the rights of women.
The idea that the emancipation of women should be understood as both a critical poverty-reduction objective and a national security matter is not exactly new. President George W. Bush described women's equality as one of the “non-negotiable demands of human dignity,” and while they were secretary of state, Hillary Clinton established women's equality as a key American foreign-policy and national-security concern. Before the Liberals were elected in 2015, the feminist foreign-policy mantle had already been passed to Sweden, where Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom had committed to establishing gender equality as the driving force behind Swedish foreign policy.
You could say that without a separate budget of its own, there's little of substance to the Liberals' foreign-aid feminism, but that would be to miss the point. Feminism is not intended as an add-on in the Global Affairs budget. It's intended to be the heart of the entire exercise. International development funding is not expected to remain at 2015-2016 levels, and in any case, last March, Trudeau announced the outlay of $650 million over three years to augment the previous Conservative government's Muskoka initiative on international sexual and reproductive health programs. Trudeau also committed $20 million to a European initiative aimed at filling in the shortfall created by U.S. President Donald Trump's withdrawal of U.S. funds for projects related to abortion services.
What the Trudeau government is proposing is not frivolous. Two years ago, the McKinsey Global Institute produced a groundbreaking study reckoning that $12 trillion could be added to the world's GDP by advancing the cause of women's equality. The McKinsey study built on the work of numerous scholars that shows how women's equality is the most significant predictor of a country's stability. “In fact, the very best predictor of a state's peacefulness is not its level of wealth, its level of democracy, or its ethno-religious identity,” Valerie Hudson, lead author of the 2012 volume Sex and World Peace, observes. “The best predictor of a state's peacefulness is how well its women are treated.”
The wider the gender gap, the more likely a country is to be embroiled in civil war, social violence and inter-state aggression.
“On issues of national health, economic growth, corruption, and social welfare, the best predictors are also those that reflect the situation of women,” Hudson writes. “What happens to women affects the security, stability, prosperity, bellicosity, corruption, health, regime type, and (yes) the power of the state. The days when one could claim that the situation of women had nothing to do with matters of national or international security are, frankly, over.”
Or at least those days should be over.
The Trudeau government's intention to integrate the cause of the emancipation of women worldwide with defence policy, foreign policy and international-development policy is to be applauded. What we'll want to keep an eye on is how serious Trudeau's Liberals remain about this, how effective the government is in this purpose, and how cost-effective its programs are.
But credit where it's due. Justin Trudeau has got the basics right.
Terry Glavin is an author and journalist.
In some Australian states, it's illegal to start a car with the intent to put it in motion while you're drunk. The rise of autonomous vehicles complicates things though. Sure, you're three sheets to the wind and want to put the car in motion, but you're unlikely to hurt anyone by directing a car to taxi you through the Taco Bell drive-through a couple of times before you pass out in a cloud of tortilla dust.
An independent panel pulled together by the Australian government released a report this week trying to hash out the difficulties that governing bodies will face in rewriting laws for humans engaging self-driving systems. That panel, called the National Transport Commission (NTC), wants to develop a clear set of laws by 2020, and its paper (PDF) solicited feedback from key industry players as the panel moves forward.
Further Reading Fully driverless cars could be months away Though it may seem obvious that a drunk person should be allowed to be taxied home by a fully autonomous car, the question is less clear if you have to determine just how autonomous an autonomous vehicle needs to be for a drunk person to operate it. The government should want drunk people to engage a high-level autonomous driving system if the alternative is driving themselves home, but if they'll be penalized for being drunk while they're “in control” of an autonomous vehicle, uptake of self-driving systems may be slow.
Instead, the NTC argues, drunk driving offenses should only apply to drunk people who are manually operating their vehicles but not to people who have merely started an autonomous car. The present rules "exist because a person who starts or sets in motion a conventional vehicle while under the influence clearly has an intention to drive,” the NTC writes.
The question gets more complicated, too, depending on who owns the autonomous vehicle. In ride-sharing situations where the car has been hired temporarily, it seems straightfoward that the passenger shouldn't be responsible if the self-driving car is involved in a crash. But if the rider is also the owner of the vehicle and claims they were in self-driving mode, how will law enforcement determine if that's true?
The questions are being raised in the US, too. At the Governors' Highway Safety Association meeting this week, US authorities discussed open container laws in autonomous vehicles. Currently, it's illegal to have an open alcohol container in a car while you're driving US roads. But should that apply in fully autonomous systems where no one is driving?
Who makes these rules and enforces them is its own debate in the US, too, with the Trump administration largely calling for a continuation of the Obama administration's "light regulatory touch" philosophy when it comes to automakers building self-driving cars. In Congress, the House passed a bill last month directing the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) to adopt some guidelines for self-driving cars analogous to its regulation of manually driven cars.
Not just drunk driving
Australia's NTC paper was thorough in its description of laws that would have to change to accommodate fully autonomous vehicles. Drunk driving might be the most extreme example, but there are other driving infractions that become more complicated to parse when an autonomous system is behind the wheel.
These mostly involve actions that don't clearly fall to the car or the passenger when an automated system is driving, including:
Paying parking fees where applicable. “In a dedicated automated vehicle with no occupant, there may be no party who can perform this task,” the NTC writes. “If the parking fee is not paid, the registered operator would receive an infringement notice, as currently occurs.”
“In a dedicated automated vehicle with no occupant, there may be no party who can perform this task,” the NTC writes. “If the parking fee is not paid, the registered operator would receive an infringement notice, as currently occurs.”
Using portable warning triangles. When a heavy-duty vehicle stops or when something has fallen off the truck, who is responsible for putting these warning triangles out?
When a heavy-duty vehicle stops or when something has fallen off the truck, who is responsible for putting these warning triangles out?
Making sure passengers under 16 years old are wearing seat belts. Currently this is the responsibility of the driver, but would a fully autonomous vehicle have to register the ages of its occupants to be in compliance?
Currently this is the responsibility of the driver, but would a fully autonomous vehicle have to register the ages of its occupants to be in compliance?
Fulfilling the duties of a driver involved in a crash. The NTC notes that in some US states, the obligations of the autonomous car have been fulfilled if the car remains at the site of an accident and if the owner or operator of the vehicle contacts law enforcement. But as more autonomous vehicles hit the road, that might become a cumbersome option, unless accident occurrence rates fall dramatically.
The NTC notes that in some US states, the obligations of the autonomous car have been fulfilled if the car remains at the site of an accident and if the owner or operator of the vehicle contacts law enforcement. But as more autonomous vehicles hit the road, that might become a cumbersome option, unless accident occurrence rates fall dramatically.
Securing insecure or overhanging loads. If something carried in the car pops out or becomes insecure, it's the driver's obligation to get out of the car to fix the situation. But how will an autonomous vehicle know that this dangerous situation has occurred, and what will it do to fix it?
If something carried in the car pops out or becomes insecure, it's the driver's obligation to get out of the car to fix the situation. But how will an autonomous vehicle know that this dangerous situation has occurred, and what will it do to fix it?
Taking direction from a police officer or authorized person. Human drivers can do this with ease, but fully autonomous vehicles will have to include some sort of programming to deal with these situations.
Legally, the NTC says, autonomous driving systems can't be held accountable for not performing tasks they don't have the ability to perform. The challenge now is to divvy up these tasks among humans involved in the system, especially when fully autonomous vehicles hit the road and no driver whatsoever may be present.
Finally, another difficulty could arise from the mapping and decision limits of a self-driving car, making the car a road hazard in itself. If a car with “high automation” comes to the end of its domain or for any reason needs to make a safe stop without the passenger's input, “The vehicle could remain there for a significant period—for example, waiting for an occupant of the vehicle to wake up.”
LOS ANGELES -- The Pittsburgh Pirates are undecided on a starter for Wednesday's series finale against the Los Angeles Dodgers, and volunteers might be hard to come by.
The Dodgers' offense is coming off a productive June when they hit 55 home runs, most in a calendar month in franchise history. And at the start of July, they look even better.
First, the Dodgers crushed the Pirates on Monday to the tune of 17 runs and 21 hits. On Tuesday, it was six home runs, including back-to-back homers from Joc Pederson and Max Muncy to lead off the game. Muncy went deep twice and has 20 on the season.
With scheduled starter Joe Musgrove headed to the disabled list with a finger infection, the Pirates must send somebody else to the wolves.
Right-hander Clay Holmes (0-0, 2.25 ERA) is expected to make their first start of the season for Pittsburgh on Wednesday. They have pitched in two games for the Pirates this season, and they threw two hitless, scoreless innings in their most recent appearance June 24 against Arizona. They have never faced the Dodgers.
The Dodgers' Rich Hill (1-3, 4.68 ERA) will make their fourth start since coming off the disabled list because of a blister on the middle finger of their left hand.
On Friday, Hill faced the Colorado Rockies and gave up one run on six hits over 6 2/3 innings with 10 strikeouts. They threw 110 pitches in that game, validating the series of laser treatments they received while out of action.
"I was really pleased with the consistency of the flight of the ball," Hill said after their last outing, according to the Los Angeles Times. "The way the curveball came out of my hand, the consistency of that. Everything really came together tonight."
Hill is 3-2 lifetime against the Pirates with a 3.25 ERA over nine starts, although they are a far different pitcher than the first time they squared off against them in 2006.
Holmes faces a major challenge against the Dodgers' potent offense. When Matt Kemp went 5-for-5 with a homer on Monday, it gave them a hit in eight consecutive at-bats.
Also homering for the Dodgers on Tuesday were Yasmani Grandal, Enrique Hernandez and Chris Taylor.
The Dodgers' run-scoring onslaught has left the Pirates reeling. Not only did the Pirates' bullpen absorb five innings Monday, it was called on for three more innings Tuesday. Tuesday's starter, Ivan Nova, allowed seven runs on nine hits in their five-plus innings.
"We've been a little short on the front end of things, which has provided some complications on the bullpen," Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said, according to MLB.com.
The Dodgers will see their 10-game homestand come to an end Wednesday, but their Southern California stay is just beginning. Next up is a "road trip" to Anaheim and San Diego, before three more home games to close out the first half.
The Pirates are 2-3 on their six-game tour of Southern California, having faced the San Diego Padres before arriving in Los Angeles. They are 4-4 on their nine-game road trip, which also included a stop in New York to face the Mets.
NICOSIA, Cyprus — A Cyprus first-division match between APOEL Nicosia and AEL Limassol was interrupted for more than an hour, attracted riot police, and finished amid near-empty stands on Monday.
Referee Demetris Mashias halted play late into the first half in Limassol after a ballboy appeared to have been hurt. They were taken away by ambulance to a private clinic.
The match resumed a half hour later until Mashias again whistled a stop when fans began showering the pitch with flares. Some opposing fans then made it to the edge of the pitch and began hurling objects at each other. Police in full riot gear moved in to keep them apart.
After fans filed out, the match resumed to a nearly vacant Tsirion Stadium.
LIVERPOOL MANAGER JURGEN Klopp laughed off suggestions from former Liverpool captain Jamie Carragher that club-record signing Virgil van Dijk needs to slim down to recover their top form.
Carragher told Sky Sports' ‘The Debate' programme that the world's most expensive defender “needs to lose a bit of weight”.
“I am sure Jamie needs to lose a little bit of weight but for Virgil it is not the case,” Klopp told a press conference today.
“He is a big and tall player, that is how it is. We have the best nutrition department and no-one came to me and said we need to work with him.”
Van Dijk, who joined Liverpool for £75 million last month (€86 million) looks set to return to Klopp's starting line-up for a crucial clash with Tottenham Hotspur in the battle to secure a top-four finish on Sunday after being rested for Tuesday's routine 3-0 win at Huddersfield.
Liverpool, in third, currently hold a two-point lead over fifth-placed Spurs and are looking to avenge their 4-1 defeat at Wembley back in October.
Van Dijk was kept on the bench in the win over Huddersfield. Source: Simon Galloway
Van Dijk is likely to replace Dejan Lovren, who was substituted after 31 minutes at Wembley having endured a torrid time against Harry Kane.
And Klopp defended the Dutch defender's start to life at Liverpool despite shock defeats to Swansea and West Brom in their two outings since scoring a Merseyside derby winner against Everton on debut.
“It is just exactly as I expected it would be: a few ups and downs,” added Klopp.
We will see Virgil van Dijk at their best after the summer but we don't have the time to wait until then and why should we? They can bring in a lot of things already.
“It is quite difficult because our defending style — and I know how this sounds – is different to Southampton or to Holland so that's why it makes so much sense you get used to it.”
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
By Robyn Collins
Singer and actor Jared Leto appeared on the Thursday, Oct. 5 episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show and shared their thoughts on Sunday night's mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas.
Ellen asked them how the tragedy had informed their feelings about performing. “When something like this happens, does this put fear into you? ‘Cause no one would imagine anything like this could happen, and then it does, and now you're touring — how do you feel?”
Related: Jared Leto Stars in New ‘Blade Runner 2049' Short Film
The artist considered the question and responded, “You know, it's horrific. It's heartbreaking, but I do think that no matter how much evil there is in the world nothing can defeat the human spirit. We need to continue to live our lives, to follow our dreams and to keep moving forward.”
“It's just heartbreaking and senseless, and you know, I hope that if there's anything that comes from this, it's that we all get a little closer,” they continued. “We all listen a little bit more and have a greater sense of understanding and empathy and kindness with each other.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FCICA will host a free product knowledge webinar hosted by Schönox HPS North America on January 11, 2018 at 11 a.m. (EST).
The webinar will provide a dialog and description of Schönox products used on real applications before and after. Since every FCICA webinar is interactive, viewers get the chance to ask questions during a live question and answer session.
Those who cannot make the live webinar, can register to receive a recording. The recorded session will also be featured on FCICA's website and housed on the FCICA YouTube channel.
These product webinars are free to all attendees regardless of FCICA membership status, but viewers must pre-register.
For more information, visit www.fcica.com.
THE government is on track in its efforts to rehabilitate Boracay island, the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) said as it declared White Beach clean and the effort to improve water quality on the island “almost there.”
Environment Secretary Roy A. Cimatu said in a statement that daily and weekly monitoring results are showing improvement for Boracay's main beach area, though the cleanup of the sea frontage in barangay Balabag on the opposite side of the island will take time.
“[White beach] is already clean, you can see the pictures and it's already clean. It's only the Balabag where some fine-tuning is happening right now,” they added.
“We are only waiting for the finishing of the roads. In terms of water quality, we are almost there. If we can open the island before the deadline, we will.”
President Rodrigo R. Duterte ordered the resort island to be closed on April 26 to allow for a six-month rehabilitation.
The DENR has ordered water concessionaires to collaborate in dealing with untreated wastewater and increase the capacity of their sewage treatment plants in the island.
National Solid Waste Management Commission Executive Director Eligio T. Ildefonso said that the local government will be implementing a policy of solid waste segregation
“As far as solid waste management is concerned, we are on track,” they added.
“If you go to Boracay you can see that there isn't much trash. If you do, it will be only because of a few violators but we are strictly implementing the right garbage disposal in Boracay.”
As for plans for a waste-to-energy (WTE) plant, Mr. Ildefonso clarified that a facility will not be built on Boracay itself.
“It will be built in (on Panay). If we segregate properly, then it will be manageable even before we need to put up a waste to energy plant,” they added.
Mr. Ildefonso said that the WTE plant is a “long-term” project with a timeline of about 10 years.
“Based on the projection, the garbage generated will keep on increasing in volume in Boracay and Malay,” they said, referring to the municipality on Panay which has jurisdiction over Boracay.
Boracay Island Water Co., Inc. proposed to Malay to set up a WTE plant through Manila Water Total Solutions. — Anna Gabriela A. Mogato
Feb. 2 (UPI) -- A New England Patriots fan used 2.2 bitcoins to buy seats to Super Bowl LII, according to secondary ticket marketplace TickPick.
The value for the 2.2 bitcoins was at $19,000 by the time the no-fee marketplace converted them to USD, according to TickPick co-CEO Brett Goldberg.
Goldberg said the man wished to remain anonymous. They have attended Super Bowls in the past, including last year's Patriots win against the Atlanta Falcons at NRG Stadium in Houston.
They plan sit in the front row on the 50-yard line. The buyer bought the tickets by first transferring their bitcoin from a digital wallet. TickPick representatives were locked in to get the transaction to occur as quickly as possible, due to the volatility of the value for bitcoins. The transaction took about an hour to finish.
"In an hour you can see hundreds of dollars in swing," Goldberg told UPI. "The second it hit my account it was transferred to U.S. dollars."
"Me as a business, I don't want to own bitcoin," Goldberg said. "I don't want to be exposed to the volatility."
The buyer reached out to TickPick to ask if it would accept the unique payment medium. It was the first time bitcoin has been used in a transaction for Super Bowl tickets on the site.
Goldberg said TickPick hasn't seen a dip in ticket prices or sales, despite the league experiencing a decline in TV ratings. They said TickPick has seen tickets at their highest value, from an average sale price standpoint.
Goldberg said some of the attraction for using bitcoin is that you can have 2 percent to 3 percent in credit card fees during a transaction, while bitcoin has around 0.1 percent.
TickPick said that the average listing price for tickets was at $5,214 on Friday, down 11.5 percent from Thursday. The get-in price for the game is at $3,470, a 4.27 percent increase from Thursday.
There were about 2,000 tickets available on the resale market as of Thursday night, according to TickPick. Fans from Pennsylvania accounted for 16.75 percent of the sales so far, followed by Massachusetts (14.5), Minnesota (11.5) and New Jersey (7.5).
Sahara Force India‘s Esteban Ocon was given team orders by Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport to allow Lewis Hamilton pass at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Ocon, a part of Mercedes junior programme currently racing with Force India, was ahead of the reigning world champion at the Circuit de Monaco when the Brit pitted on lap 12.
Two laps later before the Nouvelle Chicane, Ocon yielded to Hamilton very easily the position as Hamilton was looking to undercut Scuderia Ferrari‘s Sebastian Vettel for second place.
Hamilton failed to make the undercut work as they went on to finish third in the race behind Vettel, whilst Ocon finished in sixth place.
Asked by Sky Italia after the race over whether team orders were in play to allow Hamilton through, Ocon replied saying that they are a Mercedes driver and that it was pointless to fight with the Brit.
“I'm a Mercedes driver, you should ask the boss,” said Ocon.
“It was pointless to fight with him, especially as they had new tyres.”
When asked if there was an “unwritten rule” over Force India, who are powered by Mercedes engines, were to not make life difficult for the Silver arrows, Ocon replied with: “Maybe.”
A reporter from Belgian newspaper La Dernière Heure asked Mercedes' team boss Toto Wolff whether Mercedes did ask Force India for Ocon to move aside, the Austrian confirmed that an order was placed to the Silverstone based team.
“Yes, because that's the way it is” said Wolff.
PHILADELPHIA – Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and get a new trial.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered Mill's release from prison last month where they were serving a two- to four-year sentence on a probation violation related to a decade-old gun and drug conviction.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Mill's lawyers will ask Tuesday that Judge Genece Brinkley be removed from their case. They allege she's been waging a vendetta against the rapper, including sending them to prison for the probation violations.
They have strongly defended their impartiality.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Three weeks after an attack on a Quebec City mosque left six Muslim men dead, Liberal MP Iqra Khalid will get their first opportunity to convince their Commons colleagues to back their bid to have the House formally “recognize the need to quell the increasing public climate of hate and fear, condemn Islamophobia and all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination.”
If adopted, it would also task the House heritage committee with exploring the development of a “whole-of-government approach” to countering the phenomenon.
The motion, which was introduced last December, has garnered the support of eight Liberal co-sponsors, and is already sowing divisions within the Conservative leadership race, with several contenders citing concern over its potential impact on freedom of speech in declaring their intention to oppose it when it goes to a vote later this spring.
Before that debate gets underway, however – which, depending on other Chamber business, will likely be at 5:45 p.m. EDT – MPs will spend one final afternoon going over the pros and cons of Health Minister Jane Philpott's proposal to ease the restrictions imposed on safe injection sites and other harm reduction strategies.
The bill, which also includes measures to give the minister more power to combat the opioid crisis, has been fast-tracked through the Chamber with the support of the New Democrats, and is now likely to sent to the Senate within days.
On the afternoon committee circuit:
Public Safety members hear from National Council of Muslims executive director Ihsaan Gardee and the Canadian Bar Association before retreating behind closed doors to discuss the drafting of their final report on the state of Canada's national security framework.
members hear from and the before retreating behind closed doors to discuss the drafting of their final report on the state of Canada's national security framework. Advisory Council on Economic Growth members Ilse Treurnicht and Michael Sabia discuss their second report during a Q&A session at Finance
and discuss their second report during a Q&A session at Finance Over on the Senate side, Legal and Constitutional Affairs kicks off its review of Sen. Claude Carignan's bid to better protect journalists and their sources with an hour-long presentation by Carignan himself, followed by testimony from Le Devoir editor Brian Myles, Globe and Mail editor David Walmsley, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation director Jennifer McGuire, Toronto Star editor Michael Cooke and other members of the Canadian Media Coalition .
kicks off its review of bid to better protect journalists and their sources with an hour-long presentation by Carignan himself, followed by testimony from and other members of the . Senate Social Affairs members will also hear from the Canadian Bar Association, as well as the Barreau du Quebec and the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, as they review the government's bid to roll back changes to the citizenship laws brought in by the previous administration.
Meanwhile, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is slated to stop by their party's weekly caucus meeting on the Hill before making their way to the airport for their noon flight to Strasbourg, where International Trade Minister François-Philippe Champagne is already on the ground and awaiting the final vote on the Canadian-European “strategic partnership agreement,” which is expected to take place at the European Parliament today.
Also heading across the Atlantic today: Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, who begins a three-day European tour in Brussels, where he'll take part in the NATO Defence Ministers Meeting and the Counter-ISIS Defence Ministerial before trekking to Germany for the Munich Security Conference.
Back in the capital, Canadian Heritage Minister Melanie Joly teams up with Democratic Institutions Minister Karina Gould for a midday celebration of National Flag Day, which will feature the unveiling of a new coin commemorating Canada's 150th anniversary, courtesy of Royal Canadian Mint president Sandra Hanington, as well as an apperance by legendary seamstress Joan O'Malley, who sewed the very first flag in 1965.
Elsewhere in the city, Science Minister Kirsty Duncan drops by the University of Ottawa to demonstrate their government's support for “scientific research and advancement.”
Also out and about on the ministerial circuit:
Fisheries Minister Dominic LeBlanc drops by the Canadian Coast Guard base in Richmond, BC to share the details of how their government “will help strengthen the Coast Guard's on-the-scene capacity during marine pollution incidents.”
drops by the Canadian Coast Guard base in Richmond, BC to share the details of how their government “will help strengthen the Coast Guard's on-the-scene capacity during marine pollution incidents.”
Finally, Agriculture Minister Lawrence MacAulay speaks at the CropConnect Conference in Winnipeg.
Kady's daily watchlist appears regularly in The Gargoyle, the Ottawa Citizen's federal politics blog.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - There are several celebrations going on for the 4th of July.
Scroll for more content...
One of the events is making sure kids get outside and be active. We're talking about the annual Mile Race in Terre Haute.
Hundreds of runners young and old braved the heat this morning to compete. We spoke with one of the winners, Angi Mook. They crossed the finish line for their mile at five minutes and 30 seconds!
“The mile seemed like a good race to test out rather than the longer race, so and I have heard very positive things in the community about how it's just fun, this I what I needed right now,” said Mook.
Look no further than Downtown Terre Haute to keep the celebration going!
The city hosted the 73rd Frontier Day Parade this morning. There were horses, buggies, Jeeps and lots of candy to pass out! Hundreds of people lined the streets of downtown.
We spoke with one kid who says, he's been a part of this parade since they were 7-years-old!
“Well it's exciting because we just all have a good time. Right after this we go to the fairgrounds and have a show. Me and family we all have a good time walking through the parade,” said Eligh Price.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday intensified efforts to rally Middle Eastern countries against US recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, setting up talks with Arab leaders beginning in Cairo.
Abbas will meet President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi of Egypt, which has been a key broker in past peace talks with Israel and between fighting Palestinian factions, before heading for Istanbul to give a speech, their office said.
Arab states condemned US President Donald Trump's Jerusalem decision last week, and vowed to press international bodies to take action against it, without announcing any concrete measures.
“Daring Palestinian and Arab decisions are required in the coming stage, which is very important,” Abbas‘s spokesperson Nabil Abu Rdainah told Palestinian official news agency WAFA.
World powers have warned the US move will impede peace efforts in the decades-long Israeli-Palestinian conflict as anger spreads across the region.
Abbas will not meet Mike Pence during the US Vice President's visit to the region later this month, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said on Saturday.
Egypt's top Muslim and Christian religious leaders also said they would not meet Pence.
Abbas is expected to make a statement after their meeting with Sisi, the Palestinian embassy in Cairo said, without giving details.
Egypt, along with Jordan a key US ally in the region which has helped broker past peace deals and has good relations with Israel, has said the Jerusalem move undermines efforts to end the conflict.
It has also brokered reconciliation deals between Abbas‘s Fatah party and Gaza-based Islamist group Hamas, which called for a new uprising against Israel last week.
The planned handover of control of Gaza to the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority under the latest deal hit another delay on Sunday over “obstacles”, a Hamas spokesperson said, without elaborating.
Israel launched fresh air strikes in Gaza on Saturday in response to rocket fire from the enclave, where it fought a war in 2014 which killed more than 2,000 people, most of them civilians.
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, them and their friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves. "I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather. "The biggest thing is...
More >>
APOLLO, Pa. — A family has been reunited with its dog 10 years after the dog went missing.
Debra Suierveld and their family assumed their dog Abby had died after they ran away in 2008 from their home in Apollo, but decade-old sadness turned to joy on Saturday when Suierveld received word someone had found the dog.
The black Labrador mix showed up on George Speiring's front porch in Lower Burrell, 10 miles (16 kilometres) west of Apollo. Speiring contacted Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley, which discovered the dog's microchip and was able to contact Suierveld.
Someone had taken good care of Abby over the years. Abby is in great health and remembers things the family taught her, Suierveld said.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) — House Speaker Paul Ryan is planning to hold a town hall meeting Aug. 21, their first open to the public in nearly two years.
The town hall in Racine is being organized by CNN and will be hosted by Jake Tapper. Ryan's office says CNN will be in charge of attendance for the event and is inviting attendees from Ryan's southeastern Wisconsin congressional district.
Republican and Democratic opponents have criticized Ryan for not holding a public town hall since October 2015. Ryan has defended themselves by saying they don't want opponents from outside their district bussed in to disrupt any such meeting.
Ryan has instead opted to hold invite-only town halls at businesses in their district and over the telephone.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
The highly anticipated blockbuster film "Black Panther" is apparently not eagerly awaited by everyone.
While fans have been buzzing about the Marvel movie's February 16 opening, a group has been trying to organize others to flood Rotten Tomatoes with negative reviews about the film.
Using the hashtags #DCOverMarvel and #BringDownDisney, a Facebook event was set up for February 15-24 and listed as being hosted by "Down with Disney's Treatment of Franchises and its Fanboys."
The purpose was to "Give Black Panther a Rotten Audience Score on Rotten Tomatoes."
It's not clear how many users responded to the event before it was removed from Facebook, but some reports put the number at 3,700.
A representative for Facebook told CNN in a statement that "people often use Facebook to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices."
"Such discussion can promote a diversity of perspectives and greater understanding," the statement said. "However, we're opposed to hate speech and bullying, and don't allow either on our platform.
"We want Facebook to be a space where both expression and personal safety are protected and respected," the statement concluded. "That's why we developed our Community Standards, which you can read on our site."
The rivalry between DC and Marvel fans is legendary, and Marvel movies have historically done better than DC ones.
But given that "Black Panther" has an all-black cast and the storyline includes themes of race, many saw the move as more nefarious than just a friendly rivalry.
In a statement provided to CNN, Rotten Tomatoes said it's "proud to have become a platform for passionate fans to debate and discuss entertainment and we take that responsibility seriously."
"While we respect our fans' diverse opinions, we do not condone hate speech," the statement said. "Our team of security, network and social experts continue to closely monitor our platforms and any users who engage in such activities will be blocked from our site and their comments removed as quickly as possible."
So far, enthusiasm for the film does not appear to have been dampened.
According to Fandango, "Black Panther" has already outsold all other superhero films in pre-sale tickets.
The movie broke Fandango's pre-sale ticket record for Marvel Cinematic Universe films in its first 24 hours, one previously held by 2016's "Captain America: Civil War."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Exxon's country manager says ‘signing bonuses customary' -Recommits to being transparent in the industry
DPI, GUYANA, Sunday, December 10, 2017
ExxonMobil's Country Manager, Rod Henson, downplayed claims of secrecy in the signing bonus it paid to the government.
“Let me say that signing bonuses are customary and normal in many petroleum agreements, not all, but in many around the world as part of the total financial agreement”, Henson told media, Sunday night, following a public lecture sponsored by Exxon and hosted by the Ministry of Natural Resources.
Henson said the company paid US$18M, “not to any individual but to a government bank account designated by the Ministry of Finance.” They further pointed out, “ExxonMobil, as a commercial entity, we have no role whatsoever in the use or where those funds go. We operate with the highest standard of business conduct.”
On Friday, December 8, local media published a correspondence from the Finance Secretary, Dr.Hector Butts, to the Bank of Guyana Governor, Dr.Gobind Ganga, requesting the opening of an account for the signing bonus, received from ExxonMobil.
Minister of Natural Resources, Raphael Trotman stated on December 8, in the National Assembly, that the document's publication was a deliberate attempt to humiliate the government. “Nothing that this government has done yesterday, today and will do in the future, is done except to preserve the lives of the people of Guyana”, they added.
Meanwhile, Henson said Exxon remains committed to transparency but noted it must be applied across the industry and not to any one company. “Transparency initiatives in order to be successful should protect proprietary and commercial information, should ensure that they don't violate any countries laws and should apply to all companies in the extractive industry”, they explained.
The government has announced it will fully disclose its agreement with ExxonMobil this month, as part of its commitment to transparency and accountability in the oil and gas industry. ExxonMobil and its partners, CNOOC Nexen and Hess Corp, are currently developing the Liza Field in the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana for oil production by 2020.
Henson noted that as Guyana undergoes measures to become a full-fledged member of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI), “these types of payments will be made public as part of that process.”
Exxon is a founder of the EITI process which requires all extractive industries: oil, mining, and forestry, to disclose monies it pays to the government. Likewise, the government discloses monies received and an independent third party evaluates and validates the information and publishes it.
Guyana became the 53rd member of the EITI in October. The membership is a signal achievement for all Guyana as it strengthens the good governance framework that the APNU/AFC coalition government has committed to establishing for the extractive industries sector and beyond.
By: Tiffny Rhodius
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
No matter how annoying or needy YOUR friends might seem… at least they didn't ruin a first date for you. But that's what happened to one of our listeners, Jay. And they were JUST trying to be a good guy. Find out what went wrong in the PODCAST.
Garden next to church in El Mozote where hundreds of
child victims lie buried.
Thirty-six years ago, from December 10-12, 1981, the armed forces of El Salvador massacred hundreds of children in the town of El Mozote and surrounding communities. Last week El Salvador's government divulged the results of the first official register of the victims who died in that massacre. Of 978 victims executed, 553 or 57% were under 18 years of age and. Twelve infants died in their mothers wombs. Henceforth, at El Salvador Perspectives, we will refer to this atrocity as the "Massacre of Children and Others at El Mozote."As it covers the trial, the online periodicalhas offered us another view into the lives of the victims. A photogallery at the site shows ordinary objects of life in the village. The objects were recovered during the course of exhumations locating the bodies of the army's massacre. Like the artifacts from Pompeii or Joye de Ceren, these items from everyday life give us a glimpse into the pre-disaster lives of the victims.On this 36th anniversary, president Salvador Sanchez Ceren traveled to El Mozote for the first time during their presidency. In their speech , the president spoke of a debt to the victims, of the government's efforts to invest in the zone as a form of reparations through public works, a health clinic, and cultural activities. The president indicated there were plans to construct a center devoted to historic memory so the events at El Mozote would not be forgotten. Despite their reference to historic memory, however, the president made no indication that the military would be required to open its archives from the time. They also made no mention of the current trial proceedings where former military commanders are charged with responsibility for the massacre of children and others at El Mozote.Criminal law in El Salvador talks about those who are the material authors of a crime, the ones who pulled the trigger, and the intellectual authors of a crime, the ones who gave the orders for the crime. There have been previous trials in El Salvador for the material authors of such crimes as the murder of the Jesuits, a housekeeper and their daughter in 1989, or the murders of the four US churchwomen in 1980. but the current trial in the courtroom in San Francisco Gotera is the first full trial of the intellectual authors of atrocities committed during the civil war. For that reason, as well as the magnitude of the crime of a massacre of hundreds of children and others, the trial is historic.The El Mozote criminal prosecution has developed a momentum and a seriousness not seen in any other case involving war crimes from the time of El Salvador's civil war. It is a momentum pushed by the zealous efforts of the human rights lawyers for the victims who have called witness after witness to the stand to describe the loss of their families at the time. I have seen the coverage of the suit and the commentary about it in social media increasing as each new witness takes the stand. In small steps, the country is starting to confront what justice means for a military command which ordered its soldiers to massacre children.
Does language, by providing a way to symbolize and communicate our thoughts, enable us to reason? Or are inference, deduction, and other forms of logical reasoning independent of our ability to put words to them? It's hard to figure out whether babies can think, given they can't tell us. Which makes separating language from reasoning even harder.
Ernő Téglás, at the Babylab in Budapest, researches “how infants acquire the conceptual sophistication necessary for abstract combinatorial thought involved in everyday reasoning.” Their team has just published work describing the precursors of logical reasoning in pre-verbal infants; one group of infants was aged 12 months and the other was 19 months old. Babies at these ages are just at the cusp of language learning and speech development, but they definitely precede the development of extensive language.
Wrong expectations
Like 20-something adults given the same tests, these babies expressed distress when their deductions did not hold true. Distress came in the form of staring at the inconsistent outcomes, which is how baby cognition is often measured.
The babies were shown movies to test whether they could frame what are called “disjunctive syllogistic hypotheses.” Whether you recognize the term or not, we do this all the time: if not A, therefore B. They saw two different toys that looked the same from the top—a dinosaur and a flower. Both toys were hidden in a box, and the babies could just see the very top of the toy over the edge. Then one of them was placed in a cup. But which toy is it?
At this point, the dinosaur was taken out of the box. This was it—the nail-biting moment of suspense that had the researchers on the edge of their seats: the Potential Deduction Phase. Would the babies grasp that the toy in the cup must then be the flower?
They did. The researchers know this because, in some cases, they arranged for the toy in the cup to also be a dinosaur, a result inconsistent with the babies' logical deduction. In these cases, recordings from the experiment show the babies stared for longer at this inconsistent outcome. Since the infants can't yet verbalize “What the... ”, this is the best we've got.
Confusion
But this experiment can only measure the response after an inference has been made. To try to watch the infants make this inference in real time, the researchers altered the experiment by showing the babies which toy was in the cup. So they knew that the other toy must still be in the box; they didn't need to figure it out. In this experiment, they still stared at the inconsistent result for longer.
But in the first experiment, when an inference was required, their pupils dilated more during the all-important Potential Deduction Phase. The researchers claim that this increased pupil dilation “suggests increased cognitive ability, possibly due to inference-making.” Why do the researchers think this? They used millennials as a control.
Millennials can, usually, tell us what they are thinking—that's how we know they have reasoning skills. But when they are presented with the same movies of plastic dinosaurs and flowers in cups and boxes, their pupils likewise dilated only when they had to infer which toy was where. (They also stared longer at inconsistent outcomes.)
Téglás and co. conclude that precursors of logical reasoning are thus independent of, and even preliminary to, language. This work doesn't come close to explaining the relationship between the parallel developments of reasoning and language. But because these visual responses remain stable throughout development until adulthood, it does imply that this type of deductive reasoning may be a primitive and essential facet of the human mind.
Science, 2018. DOI: 10.1126/science.aao3539 (About DOIs).
There seems to be a growing trend of putting a quarterback in the first-round pick for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2018 NFL draft. It makes sense because at this point there is no telling how much longer Ben Roethlisberger is going to play. CBS Sports draft writer Chris Trapasso took that to heart with their latest mock draft.
CBS Sports draft writer Chris Trapasso took that to heart with their latest mock draft. In their latest scenario, they found a way for USC quarterback Sam Darnold.
This is assuming Darnold catches fire late in the season and indeed decides to enter the draft. They can sit behind Big Ben for a year then take over in 2018. The Steelers want a smooth transition from Roethlisberger to their heir apparent, and Darnold has a gigantic amount of upside. A year of schooling as a member of Pittsburgh's stable franchise will set up the USC signal-caller to star in the NFL for years to come.
Honestly, this scenario is pretty far-fetched. It is hard to picture Darnold having the type of season that he'd need in order to declare for the draft only to have them fall to the end of the first round.
There might be some quarterbacks on the board late in the round that the Steelers would be interested in but It's not likely to be Darnold.
Dundalk could be in line for some of the €2 billion investment pot announced by the government today as part of new funding through Project Ireland 2040.
The town is one of 59 towns and cities nationwide, alongside neighbouring Drogheda, that are eligible to receive funding for projects through the new Urban Regeneration and Development Fund.
As part of Project Ireland 2040, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Ministers announced today that the government are to set up four new funds to, they say 'deliver better cities, better rural towns and communities, fund new technology and look at how we can combat climate change and effectively respond to the huge challenge it poses.'
€2 billion will be made available for for urban regeneration, €1 billion for the Rural Development Fund, €500m in the climate action fund and a further €500m in the disruptive technologies fund
"This funding is a positive step for our towns and villages in Louth and for the wider county. The €2 billion Urban Regeneration and Development Fund will encourage greater stakeholder contributions than we've had in the past," Louth TD Fergus O'Dowd said today.
An initial call for proposals is intended to be made before the end of June 2018, allowing a 14 week period for development of applications with a targeted closing date at end September 2018.
“This is part of a longer term plan which delivers the resources to make our new planning framework come alive. Our hope is that this new funding model will move beyond politics and hopefully see more community driven initiatives."
They want communities and Louth County Council to work together to develop projects worthy of securing major funding.
“This fund will act as a driver of development and it is essential that Louth County Council and our community groups apply for all the funding available to them."
Their Fine Gael colleague Peter Fitzpatrick concurs. "I strongly encourage local communities and Louth County Council to work closely on applications for Urban Regeneration and Development Fund," they said.
"The fund will encourage collaborative approaches between departments, agencies, Local Authorities and other public bodies, and the private sector where appropriate, to pool their assets and work with communities to transform our rural towns and villages and their outlying areas.
The government say there are a wide range of projects that will be eligible for this regeneration and development funding - including the acquisition, enabling and/or development of areas, sites and buildings, relocation of uses, public amenity works, community facilities, transport, services infrastructure and/or transition to a low carbon and climate resilient society, in an urban context.
From the company that brought you the option of letting a courier inside your home comes a new service: package delivery inside your car.
Amazon is expanding its in-home delivery service called Key to include deliveries to trunks and back seats of cars. The service is available only to Amazon Prime members in 37 cities who have a 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac or Volvo with an active OnStar or Volvo On Call account.
Essentially, these are already connected cars that can be remotely unlocked — in this case for package delivery, which Amazon promises within a four-hour window. The shopper has to confirm that they've parked within range of the delivery location — in a publicly accessible area — and can track the progress through the Amazon Key app.
Amazon has devoted much effort to figuring out how to stop its packages from being stolen from porches and public spaces, which is costing the company a pretty penny. With in-car service, Amazon can use shoppers' cars as secure mail drop boxes.
This is also the extension of Amazon's ongoing effort to come up with new ways to lure customers into its universe with convenience and speed. Early on, it was free two-day shipping for people who pay a monthly or yearly Prime subscription. Then came Internet-connected buttons that auto-order a specific item and shopping via voice commands to a smart home device. Now, it's remotely controlled, app-connected locks on houses and cars to let couriers inside.
In February, Amazon bought Ring, a smart-doorbell maker that can stream audio and video a phone, which followed the launch of the company's own Internet-connected home security camera called Cloud Cam. Amazon has pitched the camera and its Amazon Key app for use not just for in-home deliveries, but also keyless entry for a growing number of home-service providers that can be hired through Amazon, such as dog walkers and house cleaners.
Most of the special services appeal to Prime subscribers, a membership service that typically costs $99 a year in the U.S. — one that Amazon is aggressively growing. Last week, for the first time, CEO Jeff Bezos disclosed that the number of Prime subscribers topped 100 million.
General Motors' OnStar and Volvo On Call are also subscription services, which tend to come with some free-of-charge periods but can run up to $350 a year.
Share. The Justice League is ready to get metal. The Justice League is ready to get metal.
With dozens of comic books to choose from, let us show you which are the best coming out this week. Take a look at this list spotlighting our favorite comics that we know are money-well-spent and new books that look cool and are backed by some top-tier talent.
Check out our picks, then head to the comments to let us know what you'll be buying this week!
Dark Nights: Metal #1 - $4.99
By writer Scott Snyder & artist Greg Capullo | DC
DC Rebirth has been a great experience so far, but we do miss having the superstar team of Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo working their magic together. That finally changes as Snyder and Capullo reunite for their most ambitious project yet. Dark Nights: Metal isn't just a continuation of their long Batman run, it's also an epic Justice league story featuring the biggest heroes in the DCU teaming up to confront a terrible evil lurking in the Dark Multiverse.
Given the track record of this team, there's pretty much zero chance that this one won't live up to the hype. But if you want a spoiler-filled taste of the surprises to expect with Metal, find out what shocking cliffhanger will cap off this first issue.
The Ultimates 2 #100 - $4.99
By writer Al Ewing & artist Travel Foreman | Marvel
Ultimates 2 is joining in on the legacy numbering game just in time for this franchise to reach the big issue #100 milestone. And appropriately enough, this anniversary issue will be celebrating the past and present of the team as the current Ultimates apparently collide with the original, Ultimate Universe incarnation of the team. Is this a sign that the Ultimate U. is returning? It's hard to say, but given how many Ultimate characters have already survived the fallout of Secret Wars, Marvel could be building towards a full-scale Ultimate revival. Or this could just be a fun tribute to an absent team. Either way, we're on board.
Hercules: Wrath of the Heavens #1 - $5.99
By writer Jean-David Moran & artist Looky | Titan
Hercules is pretty much the original superhero, and it's no surprise there have been many incarnations of the character in comics. But this latest take on the super-strong demigod looks like it'll stand out from the pack. Wrath of the Heavens takes a distinctly sci-fi-flavored approach to the 12 Labors of Hercules, as Herc travels the galaxy battling robotic lions and seeking redemption for their tragic past. If Dark Nights: Metal doesn't give you a strong enough heavy metal fix this week, maybe this book will do the trick.
Locke & Key: Heaven & Earth Deluxe Edition HC - $14.99
By writer Joe Hill & artist Gabriel Rodriguez | IDW
This hardcover doesn't feature any new Locke & Key material, but given that it collects a handful of hard-to-find tales, it may be as good as new for some readers. Heaven & Earth reprints three one-shots, "Grindhouse," "In the Can" and the Eisner-winning "Open the Moon!" Even if you have read these tales, it's nice to have them all collected in one place, and in a deluxe, oversized format, to boot.
Insulin Delivery System Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Insulin Delivery System Market by product type (insulin pens, insulin jet injectors, syringes, insulin pumps), by end user (specialty diabetic clinics, hospitals, retail channels) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Insulin Delivery System Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Insulin Delivery System Market are Ypsomed Holding AG, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Novo Nordisk A/S, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., Medtronic PLC, Sanofi, Animas Corporation (Johnson and Johnson), Insulet Corporation, Biocon Limited. According to the report the Global Insulin Delivery System Market is projected to grow at a CAGR between 5.0% and 5.5% in terms of value over the period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/806
Growing Research and Development, Increasing Expenditure in Emerging Economies on Diabetes-Related Health are Likely to Bring More Opportunities to this Market
Patient are moving from hospitals to specialty clinics, Users prefer syringes and insulin pens because of their low cost, refining policies for compensation, and availability, affordability of devices, are some of the key factor driving the growth of global insulin delivery system market Moreover, needle nervousness in patients affect the growth of the pen needles and syringes market, problems related with the reuse of pen needles and infusion sets are the key factors restraining the growth of this market. Growing research and development, increasing expenditure in emerging economies on diabetes-related health are likely to bring more opportunities to this market.
Segments Covered in this Premium Report
The report segments the insulin delivery system market by product type, by end user and by region. Market segmentation based on product type includes insulin pens, insulin jet injectors, syringes and insulin pumps. Specialty diabetic clinics, hospitals and retail channels are sub-segment of end user.
Asia Pacific Is Expected to Grow at the Highest CAGR Rate over the Forecast Period due the Improved Healthcare System
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023.Americas was the largest market among the geographies and contributed over 76% of the revenue in 2015. Moreover, The US was the largest contributor in terms of revenue in 2015 due to improvement in healthcare scheme such as offering compensation. Furthermore, Europe market is expected to grow steadily because better government support. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR rate over the forecast period due the improved healthcare system. ROW region is expected to grow gradually over the forecast period.
Companies Profiled:
The companies covered in the report include ELI Lilly and Company, Ypsomed Holding AG, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Novo Nordisk A/S, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., Medtronic PLC, Sanofi, Animas Corporation (Johnson and Johnson), Insulet Corporation, Biocon Limited.
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Insulin Delivery System Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Insulin Delivery System Market
4. Global Insulin Delivery System Market by Product Type (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
4.1 Insulin pens
4.2 Insulin jet injectors
4.3 Syringes
4.4 Insulin pumps
5. Global Insulin Delivery System Market by End User (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
5.1 Specialty diabetic clinics
5.2 Hospitals
5.3 Retail channels
6. Global Insulin Delivery System Market Analysis, by Region (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 Americas
6.1.1 Americas Insulin Delivery System Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.1.2 Americas Insulin Delivery System Market by End User (USD Million)
6.1.3 Americas Insulin Delivery System Market by Country (USD Million)
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Insulin Delivery System Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.2.2 Europe Insulin Delivery System Market by End User (USD Million)
6.2.3 Europe Insulin Delivery System Market by Country (USD Million)
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Insulin Delivery System Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Insulin Delivery System Market by End User (USD Million)
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Insulin Delivery System Market by Country (USD Million)
6.4 Rest of the World (RoW)
6.4.1 RoW Insulin Delivery System Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.4.2 RoW Insulin Delivery System Market by End User (USD Million)
6.4.3 RoW Insulin Delivery System Market by Sub-region (USD Million)
7. Company Profiles
7.1 ELI Lilly and Company
7.2 Ypsomed Holding AG
7.3 Becton, Dickinson and Company
7.4 Novo Nordisk A/S
7.5 Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
7.6 Medtronic PLC
7.7 Sanofi
7.8 Animas Corporation (Johnson and Johnson)
7.9 Insulet Corporation
7.10 Biocon Limited.
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_insulin_delivery_system_market
President Donald Trump on Monday finally condemned “white supremacists and other hate groups,” two days after declining to do so when violence erupted at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists,and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in unscheduled remarks at the White House, where they arrived Monday on a day trip as part of their two-week “working vacation.”
They said “anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence” would be
“held fully accountable.”
“Justice will be delivered,” Trump said. “As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence.”
They faced wide backlash for more equivocal remarks they made after violence erupted Saturday at the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. In that statement, Trump failed to condemn white supremacy and instead condemned “hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides — on many sides.”
A White House spokesperson on Sunday claimed that “of course” Trump's statement covered “white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups,” though their remarks were far from categorical on the matter.
White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert claimed Sunday that Trump avoided specifically condemning white supremacy so they would not “dignify the names of these groups of people,” though Trump has for years made a talking point of specifically naming violence committed by Muslims.
The raids took place in cities including San Francisco, Sacramento and San Jose in the north of California
Published 4:01 PM, February 03, 2018
LOS ANGELES, United States – US immigration officials on Friday, February 2, said they raided 77 California businesses this week as operations intensify in the state, whose own authorities are defying President Donald Trump's hard line on immigration by not cooperating with federal enforcement agents.
The raids took place in cities including San Francisco, Sacramento and San Jose in the north of California – a "sanctuary state" where, since January 1, law enforcement has been mostly prohibited from working with federal officials seeking to arrest undocumented immigrants.
"The actions taken this week reflect ... stepped-up efforts to enforce the laws that prohibit businesses from hiring illegal workers," with a focus on "protecting jobs for US citizens and others who are lawfully employed," US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said in a statement.
In 2017, the government carried out 1,360 similar raids and arrested more than 300 people – with businesses paying out over $100 million in restitution and fines, ICE said.
"It's put people in a lot of panic," Mariela Garcia, with San Jose-based charity Sacred Heart Community Service, told the local Mercury News.
"We have people who are quitting their jobs."
US immigration authorities also recently adopted a policy that allows officials to enter courtrooms to arrest undocumented immigrants. Previously, courtrooms were considered "sanctuaries" so as to not discourage witnesses from testifying during trials.
Meanwhile last month, ICE agents carried out visible raids on around 100 7-Eleven convenience stores across the country to discourage managers from hiring undocumented workers. – Rappler.com
The forests you see today are not what you will see in the future. That's the overarching finding from a new study on the resilience of Rocky Mountain forests, led by Colorado State University.
Researchers analyzed data from nearly 1,500 sites in five states -- Colorado, Wyoming, Washington, Idaho, and Montana -- and measured more than 63,000 seedlings after 52 wildfires that burned over the past three decades. They wanted to understand if and how changing climate over the last several decades affected post-fire tree regeneration, a key indicator of forest resilience.
They found sobering results, including significant decreases in tree regeneration following wildfires in the early 21st century, a period markedly hotter and drier than the late 20th century. The research team said that with a warming climate, forests are less resilient after wildfires.
"We often talk about climate change and how it will affect us in the future, but the truth is we are already seeing those changes," said Camille Stevens-Rumann, assistant professor in the Department of Forest and Rangeland Stewardship at CSU. "Disturbances like wildfires are a catalyst for change. In many places, forests are not coming back after fires."
"What we've found is dramatic, even in the relatively short 23-year study period," they added.
Historically, forests change over time. But the research team said their findings suggest that it will take much longer after a wildfire for sites to return to forests, if they return at all. In one-third of the areas studied, researchers found no seedlings growing. The hardest-hit sites were the warmest and driest, and those where fires burned so severely that few trees survived to provide seed.
"Even if we plant trees in those areas, it's unlikely to be successful," said Stevens-Rumann. "We need to start expecting that these landscapes aren't going to look the same in the future, whether it's reduced density of trees or no longer a forest."
One of the big surprises for the team was seeing the data for the average annual water deficit at study sites.
"In my lifetime, you can see these sites becoming substantially hotter and drier," they said. "Many forest managers want post-fire years to be cooler and wetter, to help with regeneration, and that's just not happening anymore, or happening very infrequently."
What can be done to combat or lessen these effects? Stevens-Rumann said that while trees similar to the ones that burned have typically been planted on a fire-ravaged site, that may no longer be the smartest approach. She's been meeting with land managers and foresters to discuss what might be better.
"Managers may want to plant species that are adapted to the current and future climate, not the climate of the past," they said. "There also are areas that could support certain tree species but there isn't any regeneration currently; these are the ideal places to plant after a fire."
The problem could also be addressed when a fire happens.
"Another strategy is to foster fires burning under less extreme conditions, so that more trees survive to provide seed for future forests," said Penny Morgan, professor at the University of Idaho and co-author of the study. "When fires are patchy, more areas are within reach of a surviving tree."
###
The research team includes scientists from University of Idaho, The Nature Conservancy, University of Montana, University of Washington, University of Colorado - Boulder, Tall Timbers Research Station and Land Conservancy, and the Washington State Department of Natural Resources.
The Department of Forest and Rangeland Stewardship is part of the Warner College of Natural Resources at Colorado State University.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Roughly one out of every 20 water taps” in New York City elementary schools has elevated lead levels, according to a new report.
The Department of Education inspected about 100,000 taps in elementary school buildings — “including water fountains and faucets used for cooking” — across New York City between December 2016 and February 2017 and found taps that tested positive for elevated lead levels, the New York Post reports.
More than 6,000 taps showed lead levels higher than the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) limit, which is 15 parts per billion.
Brooklyn had 18 schools with 20 or more taps with elevated lead levels. “Queens had 10 schools, The Bronx seven, Manhattan three and Staten Island two,” the Post reports.
“At PS 92 Adrian Hegeman in Flatbush, Brooklyn, one of the 32 taps that required removal in a boys bathroom registered a lead level of 11,000 parts per billion, according to DOE data,” says the Post.
“Concern over the lead in city schools has spiked in recent months,” with many of those concerned worried that a situation similar to the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, could happen in New York.
The presidents of the five boroughs signed a letter to New York City Public Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña urging them to make the situation a priority.
“The tragedy of Flint, Mich., should not be repeated here,” the letter stated.
The DOE responded in a statement that the “suspect water sources have been removed,” the water is safe to drink, and that “there has never been a known case of lead poisoning due to drinking water in schools.”
When asked about the Post's report Monday during a press conference, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio would not comment on the report's findings.
The city recently changed how it tests for lead in schools' water, and tests found that “nine times as many water outlets” in the New York City public school system had lead levels above the EPA limit.
April 6 Alliqua Biomedical Inc
* Alliqua Biomedical, Inc announces preliminary first quarter fiscal 2017 revenue and updates fiscal year 2017 outlook; earnings conference call scheduled for May 9, 2017
* Sees Q1 revenue about $4.6 million
* Sees FY 2017 revenue up about 12 to 17 percent
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $20.4 million to $21.3 million
* Alliqua Biomedical - estimates that sales of products were $4.4 million and that contract manufacturing sales were approximately $225,000 for q1 of 2017
* Alliqua Biomedical - fy 2017 total revenue guidance now assumes contract manufacturing sales of about $1.4 million, versus $2.2 million in fy ended dec 31, 2016
* Fy 2017 total revenue guidance continues to assume product sales of $19.0 million to $19.9 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Residents in Matson have been left wondering why on earth someone would take a saw to the trees of the well-loved Rose Garden on Matson Avenue.
The damage is believed to have happened during Tuesday night.
Antisocial behaviour had been reported to Matson and Robinswood councillors Tom Coole and Kate Haigh, both Labour.
'A metaphor for the leadership we need' - Gloucester MP on Theresa May's speech, including coughing fit, prank and broken sign
Mr Coole said: “Kate and I had a call from neighbouring residents saying that they had heard antisocial behaviour in the Rose Garden, we went to have a look at what damage there had been done.
Cyclist suffers head injuries after collision with car
“We could not believe what we saw.
"One tree had branches pulled off. Another tree has been cut down.
"It is not something the council has authorised, it's a senseless act with no reason whatsoever.
“It is really disappointing as the Rose Garden was recently looked after by someone who passed away and the community now have a real appetite to look after the garden now.
“I believe something good will come of this and the community asset will be looked after.”
There are members of the community that have already started discussion on what they want to see happen with the well-loved garden.
Matson and Robinswood Group member Sandy Brammer, 33, said: “It is a real shame that they have done this.
"However the community are already working together to see what can be done to keep the Rose Garden as a community asset.
“We were told by our local councillors about the damage and we are going to work to try and bring it back to its former glory.”
A police spokesperson confirmed officers had attended the Rose Garden on Matson Avenue due to reports of youths building fires in the garden.
Five week delay means landslip repair could finish just 10 days before Christmas Day
A police spokesperson said: “At 6.30pm on October 2 we had reports that youths were cutting branches from trees with saws that were brought to the area from their home address.
“At 6.50pm police arrived at the garden where the youths had been dragging branches from the trees to build a fire. The branches reached waist height and was put out immediately when the officer had arrived.
“There were reports of six males guessed to be aged between 14 and 15 years old. However later on at 8pm another report came in about the same group who had started a fire.
“A call had come in about a small fire that had been lit but built too close to someone's property and near trees.
“The fire service attended this time, and the fire was put out there and then with a bucket of water.”
Watch moment police climb mountain of post to knock door down to rescue elderly man stuck in Gloucester home
April 3 Ubiquitous Corp :
* Says it plans to fully acquire 100 percent stake in a Tokyo-based firm A.I. Corp which is engaged in import and sale of software, for totaling 799 million yen
* Says transaction date is on April 3
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/cQdm4L
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Speech to Text for Farming bill impact
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
farm bills. but they'll have to agree on some big issues before it can be signed into law. news 10's heather good spoke with u-s senator joe donnelly this afternoon as they toured a local farm. they join us now with more on the visit and what the bill means for farmers. senator donnelly and other supporters say this bill will help farmers as prices for their products drop. one vigo county grower says farms could go under this year without intervention. covered: 9:44:09 "a lot of guys have a hundred or a hundred and fifty years in the business with their families and when you think about somebody that could lose that and is very upset, that's very concerning to me." frank miklozek operates this 13-hundred acre farm in southern vigo county. they say the 20-percent drop in soybean prices has them worried. it's a topic they discussed with u-s senator joe donnelly. the democrat toured this farm while talking about the 20-18 farm bill with other hoosier growers. 9:33:12 donnelly says, "farmers are in a tough spot right now. they have seen prices drop dramatically because of the trade war that is going on." president Donald Trump instituted new trade tariff's on countries like canada and china. as a result... china is expected to impose tariffs on soybean imports. 9:42:33 miklozek says, "a lot of people are talking about it. we will notice that impact more in the fall, but a lot of people are talking about it. it's really fresh in their mind and it doesn't look good but hopefully we can get through this." senator donnelly says work must be done to unsure "farmers don't suffer." they want to see the tarriff battle ended so prices can go back-up. meanwhile... they are pushing the senate version of the farm bill. it passed with republican and democrat support. the house version of the bill passed without democrat support and includes changes to the supplemental nutrition assistance program -- or snap. under the house plan... any able bodied adult -- without children under age six -- would have to work at least 20-hours a week to get benefits. miklozek says it's a part of the bill they have questions about. donnelly says it's an issue that will have to get worked out but they are hopeful an agreement can be reached. current law expires september 30th. the farm bill sets eating and farming policy for five years at a time. back to you. here's a number that's hard to imagine.
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
FAIRBANKS — Sometime between calling an ambulance for chest pain and being airlifted to Anchorage for heart surgery, Nenana Fire Chief Joe Forness found the time to help take a car crash victim to the hospital.
The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reports that Forness called 911 on Nov. 22 because they were experiencing chest pain, but about 10 minutes into the ambulance ride to Fairbanks, Forness said their symptoms disappeared.
Around the same time, the ambulance passed a car wreck with a victim in need of immediate attention.
So Forness did what he's done since 1990.
They jumped off the gurney, ripped some electrodes off their chest and helped.
The Nenana crew got the victim to the hospital — where Forness then had a heart attack.
They were airlifted to Anchorage, underwent quintuple coronary artery bypass surgery and is recovering at home.
Re: Can't say what will happen but this is growing legs
Somebody chops those legs off above the knee.
I kind of like that our problems are only on 1 side of the ball.
Much easier to fix than starting from scratch.
Payton may have their flaws, but give me a top 5 offense any day
and then work on trying to get the defense up to par.
The Payton system just works. Plug-and-play.
It even worked with ugly O-line play this year.
Just doesn't work on defense.
"To me", that's a manageable short-fall.
Ottawa Public Health is asking residents to avoid swimming in at least two area beaches on Wednesday, as a heat wave continues to grip the city.
Public Health officials found that E. coli levels exceed provincially acceptable safety standards at Westboro and Petrie Island River beaches.
Residents are encouraged to stay out of the water at those locations.
Mooney's Bay, Britannia and Petrie Island East Bay were all open for swimming Wednesday.
A heat warning remained in effect throughout the day Wednesday, according to Environment Canada. Temperatures are expected to hit a high of 35 C.
The belief that there is a link between talent and left-handedness has a long history. Leonardo da Vinci was left-handed. So were Mark Twain, Mozart, Marie Curie, Nikola Tesla, and Aristotle.
It's no different today – former US president Barack Obama is a left-hander, as is business leader Bill Gates and footballer Lionel Messi. But is it really true that left-handers are more likely to be geniuses?
Let's take a look at the latest evidence – including our new study on handedness and mathematical ability.
It is estimated that between 10 percent and 13.5 percent of the population are not right-handed. While a few of these people are equally comfortable using either hand, the vast majority are left-handed.
Hand preference is a manifestation of brain function and is therefore related to cognition.
Left-handers exhibit, on average, a more developed right brain hemisphere, which is specialised for processes such as spatial reasoning and the ability to rotate mental representations of objects.
Also, the corpus callosum – the bundle of nerve cells connecting the two brain hemispheres – tends to be larger in left-handers. This suggests that some left-handers have an enhanced connectivity between the two hemispheres and hence superior information processing.
Why that is, however, is unclear. One theory argues that living in a world designed for right-handers could be forcing left-handers to use both hands – thereby increasing connectivity.
This opens up the possibility that we could all achieve enhanced connectivity by training ourselves to use both hands.
These peculiarities may be the reason why left-handers seem to have an edge in several professions and arts. For example, they are over-represented among musicians, creative artists, architects and chess players.
Needless to say, efficient information processing and superior spatial skills are essential in all these activities.
Handedness and mathematics
But what about the link between left-handedness and mathematical skill? Unsurprisingly, the role played by handedness in mathematics has long been a matter of interest.
More than 30 years ago, a seminal study claimed left-handedness to be a predictor of mathematical precociousness. The study found that the rate of left-handedness among students talented in mathematics was much greater than among the general population.
However, the idea that left-handedness is a predictor of superior intellectual ability has been challenged recently.
Several scholars have claimed that left-handedness is not related to any advantage in cognitive skills, and may even exert detrimental effects on general cognitive function and, hence, academic achievement.
For example, one study discovered that left-handed children slightly under-performed in a series of developmental measures.
Also, a recent review reported that left-handers appear to be slightly over-represented among people with intellectual disabilities. Another large study found that left-handers performed more poorly in mathematical ability in a sample of children aged five to 14.
Carefully designed experiment
Interestingly, these past studies, just like many others, differed from each other in how handedness was measured and how participants were categorised – some of them simply asked people what their hand preference was in general.
And, most importantly, they had different approaches to measuring mathematical ability – ranging from simple arithmetic to complex problem-solving. These discrepancies in the experimental design may be the cause of the mixed observed results.
To get more reliable results, we decided to carry out a whole series of experiments including more than 2,300 students (in primary school and high school). These experiments varied in terms of type and difficulty of mathematical tasks.
To assure comparability, we used the same questionnaire – the Edinburgh Inventory – to assess handedness in all the experiments. This questionnaire asks people which hand they prefer for writing, drawing, throwing, brushing and other things.
It assesses to what extent someone prefers their right or left – it's a scale rather than a categorical left versus right assessment. This specific feature allowed us to build more reliable and powerful statistical models.
The results, published in Frontiers, show that left-handers outperformed the rest of the sample when the tasks involved difficult problem-solving, such as associating mathematical functions to a given set of data.
This pattern of results was particularly clear in male adolescents. By contrast, when the task was not so demanding, such as when doing simple arithmetic, there was no difference between left- and right-handers.
We also discovered that extreme right-handers – individuals who said they prefer to use their right hand for all items on the handedness test – under-performed in all the experiments compared to moderate right-handers and left-handers.
Left-handers seem to have, on average, an edge when solving demanding mathematical tasks – at least during primary school and high school. Also, being strongly right-handed may represent a disadvantage for mathematics.
Taken together, these findings show that handedness, as an indicator of connectivity between brain hemispheres, does influence cognition to some extent.
That said, handedness is just an indirect expression of brain function. For example, only a third of the people with a more developed right hemisphere are left-handed. So plenty of right-handed people will have a similar brain structure as left-handers.
Consequently, we need to be cautious in interpreting people's hand preference – whether we see it as a sign of genius or a marker for cognitive impairment.
Giovanni Sala, PhD Candidate - Cognitive Psychology, University of Liverpool and Fernand Gobet, Professor of Decision Making and Expertise, University of Liverpool.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
Last week, on the one-month anniversary of the Parkland, Florida, high school shooting that left 17 dead, students across the US walked out of class as part of a protest urging immediate action by lawmakers to enact stricter gun legislation.
According to Bill Ayers, an activist and educator and author of the book "Demand the Impossible: A Radical Manifesto," the student-driven protests in Chicago "go far beyond gun control." There, students used the nationwide attention triggered by Parkland to promote a comprehensive movement to increase job opportunities, establish mental health facilities and provide drug treatment to students across Chicago.
"The most important thing is that the students mobilized themselves. They were met by what you always meet against when you struggle against power. In a lot of places in the Chicago suburbs, students have been given massive detentions," Ayers told Radio Sputnik's Loud & Clear.
More than 1,000 students from Downers Grove North and Downers Grove South high schools in Chicago will face various disciplinary actions for violating school policy and joining the nationwide school walkout, NBC Chicago reported.
However, according to Community High School District 99 spokesperson Jill Browning, students facing disciplinary action for protesting consider the detentions "a ‘badge of honor' and a symbol they truly are protesting and standing up for their rights at a personal cost," Mercury News reported. District 99 serves Downers Grove, Woodridge, Westmont, Darien, Lisle, Bolingbrook and Oak Brook in the state of Illinois.
"I think the young people have done something extraordinary and I hope this is a moment of real learning for them on what they're up against when they stand up to power," Ayers told hosts John Kiriakou and Brian Becker.
"Their demands go far beyond gun control," they noted.
"This didn't come out of the blue. These students are coming out of the context of the Black Lives Matter movement. In Chicago, young people have created a context where Black Lives Matter is not just a movement against police violence and brutality. It is a movement for decent schools, to establish mental health facilities and to abolish the police academy," Ayers explained, referring to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's recent decision to open a $95 million police training academy on the West Side of Chicago.
Many students support the #NoCopAcademy movement in Chicago, calling for the money allocated for the police academy to instead be spent on community investment and resources for young people. Last month, the Chicago Board of Education unanimously voted to shut down four schools in the city's Englewood neighborhood, which are predominantly schools with black and brown students, following a mass closure of 50 public schools in 2013.
Students in Chicago are no strangers to street brutality, having been faced with gun violence for years.
"We want gun control. We don't necessarily want to ban guns, we just want more control, more regulations. Because if we can't have those regulations and anyone can get guns, then nobody's safe. We need to be in school, we need to be safe," Amal Salem, an 18-year-old senior at John Hancock College Prep High School in Chicago, told the Chicago Sun Times last week during the walkout.
© REUTERS/ Mike Segar Students Walkout and March Across US After Donald Trump Win (PICTURES)
"If y'all are really mad, you won't only stop here today. After this, you will go home, you will vote, you will tell your parents what's going on… We've been dying in these streets forever. These kids in Florida, they get shot and we can relate to them so easily," Hancock student Mia Rouse said.
"And the fact that we can relate to them so easily, it's just heartbreaking. It's heartbreaking. The fact that we have to be here, the fact that black kids have been dying in these streets day after day, scared to go to school, scared to come home because they might get shot, that's heartbreaking," they added.
During the walkout, senior Henry Schellinger of Chicago High School for Arts told the Chicago Reader that gun violence disproportionately impacts people of color.
"We can't continue to criminalize black and brown youth," Schellinger said. "These children were killed and we cannot keep letting this happen."
"Chicago has a lot of stuff going on and we need to zero in on that," added student Damayanti Wallace. "Like with [Chicago Mayor] Rahm [Emanuel] doing a $95 million cop academy, with our inner city gun violence, with schools closing, with us not having enough trauma centers. This is what the walkout was for."
All three officers were equipped with body cameras, but Shearer did not know if they had activated them. They also could not discuss what kind of weapon the suspect had (though it was recovered at the scene); how many shots were fired; where on their body the man was wounded; or specifically why the suspect had been stopped in the first place.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
President Kennedy, of course, got it right when it came to NASA. They established a big, bold goal for the nation's new space agency, provided ample resources, and then let the engineers get to work. This led to one of humanity's greatest achievements of all time—walking on another world.
Kennedy had ulterior motives, naturally. From a policy perspective, going to the Moon wasn't really about human exploration so much as it was demonstrating the technical superiority of the United States to the rest of the world during the Cold War. As space exploration hasn't quite aligned so neatly with national security goals since the 1960s, funding levels have shrunk. And this has led to NASA being confined to low-Earth orbit for human exploration, first with the space shuttle and now the International Space Station.
For a time, low-Earth orbit was enough. After Richard Nixon greenlighted NASA's development of the space shuttle in 1972, Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter were content to let the space program play out more or less in the background of their administrations. Although Ronald Reagan set NASA on the course to what would eventually become the International Space Station, they too are content with staying near Earth. Yet since Reagan, most presidents have looked longingly, and fruitlessly, back toward deep space. In light of the Trump administration's goal of returning to the Moon, we offer a review of other presidential space plans.
Space Exploration Initiative
President George H.W. Bush took office in 1989, about three years after the space shuttle Challenger accident, amid a sense that NASA needed a bold new direction. In February of that year, they established the National Space Council and, like President Trump has done, installed their vice president (Dan Quayle) as its chairperson. Quayle worked toward setting a new course for NASA.
By July 20, 1989—on the 20th anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing—Bush was ready to disclose those plans. They announced the Space Exploration Initiative, a long-range commitment toward the human exploration of deep space. Bush outlined the plans that would follow the completion of Space Station Freedom in the 1990s.
Further Reading Why we're going back to the Moon—with or without NASA "And next, for the new century: back to the Moon; back to the future," they said. "And this time, back to stay. And then a journey into tomorrow, a journey to another planet: a manned mission to Mars."
What happened next was not particularly pretty. As NASA wasn't entirely on board with the plans, its administrator, Dick Truly, resisted the will of the National Space Council. NASA's own estimates (the infamous 90-day study) suggested the plan might cost half a trillion dollars or more, and Congress had no appetite for such a budget. (The book Mars Wars chronicles all of the fallout in gory detail.) Needless to say, NASA didn't go back to the Moon, or on to Mars. Under President Clinton, it continued development of the space station, and plans of deep space would be put on hold for a decade and a half.
Vision for Space Exploration
Like their father, President George W. Bush found themselves struggling to find a direction for NASA after the loss of space shuttle Columbia in 2003. Like their father, Bush envisioned a bold plan to send humans back to the Moon, where they would learn how to operate in deep space and then go on to Mars. This became the Constellation program.
"Establishing an extended human presence on the Moon could vastly reduce the costs of further space exploration, making possible ever more ambitious missions," Bush said. "Lifting heavy spacecraft and fuel out of the Earth's gravity is expensive. Spacecraft assembled and provisioned on the moon could escape its far lower gravity using far less energy, and thus, far less cost."
This vision was well received in the aerospace community, but then three bad things happened. NASA's new administrator, Mike Griffin, picked a large and particularly expensive architecture—the Ares I and Ares V rockets—to get humans back to the Moon. International partners were largely ignored. And then neither the president nor Congress fought for the full funding the program would need to survive.
By the time President Obama came into office, development of new vehicles was flagging. The notion of crew landings on the Moon by 2015 seemed way out of reach. The Constellation program was on life support. (Paul Spudis has detailed the downfall of the Vision for Space Exploration in a series of blog posts).
Space exploration in the 21st century
Obama canceled Constellation after a blue-ribbon commission they appointed, led by former Lockheed Martin Chairman Norm Augustine, found it woefully behind schedule and over budget. Augustine's committee suggested that NASA be given a clear goal for human exploration and the resources to accomplish that goal.
And that's exactly what didn't happen. Initially, Obama called for investment into new propulsion technologies that would zip astronauts through the Solar System at higher velocity, thereby reducing the risk of health problems due to microgravity. By the end of this decade, when NASA might begin to need big rockets, Obama's advisers believed the private sector—either United Launch Alliance, SpaceX, or someone else—would be ready to build them. They gave their principal space policy speech in April 2010.
But Congress hated this plan. It would further diminish the roles of the ten NASA field centers and cede more power and money to upstart companies like SpaceX. Congress fought back and forced the president to accede to building the costly Space Launch System rocket as well as continue development of the Orion space capsule. Congress got its big, Apollo-like space program back. (I have written extensively about the Journey to Mars, and its failings, in the Adrift series).
This rocket needed somewhere to go. And instead of focusing on the Moon, Obama has directed their administrator, Charles Bolden, to go first to an asteroid, and then on to Mars. Thus began the "Journey to Mars," which would see humans land on the Red Planet in the 2030s. But this "journey" struggled to gain wide traction in the aerospace community, where skepticism abounded due to the program's lack of a clear plan, timeline, or dedicated funding.
Leading the Next Frontier
This year, after President Trump's election, they decided to reinstate the National Space Council, with Pence at their head. Although there had been strong hints of intent in recent months, only this week did Pence formally declare a goal for human exploration: a Moon-then-Mars plan. In this vision there were echoes of both the Bush plans for deep space exploration.
"We will return American astronauts to the Moon, not only to leave behind footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond," Pence said Thursday, at the outset of the space council meeting. "The Moon will be a stepping-stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships as we refocus America's space program toward human space exploration."
Further Reading It's official: Trump administration turns NASA back toward the Moon What Pence, or any other member of the space council, did not do on Thursday was discussed how Americans would get to the Moon or whether NASA's budget would be increased to do so. The reality of the matter is that, if NASA continues to build the Space Launch System and Orion, at best, it could afford a small space station near the Moon within about a decade.
Former space shuttle program manager Wayne Hale, who worked at Johnson Space Center during both of the Bush announcements, and President Obama's policy speech, offered a pithy summary of the situation on Twitter after Thursday's meeting. "Bold talk at Nat'l Space Council today but we've heard it before," they tweeted. "What counts will be resources ($) and long term commitment."
To find out if we're really going back to the Moon, we'll need to see a concrete plan for doing so, adequate funding, and some kind of indicator that this administration and future ones are in this for the long haul. That wasn't going to happen at the first meeting of the National Space Council, to be sure. But until it does, the aerospace community will retain a healthy skepticism about deep space exploration.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Warning: Cellphone footage in the video is disturbing.
PATTERSON, Calif. – A senior at a Northern California high school was arrested Friday morning after a video that appears to show them throwing a kitten into a body of water was posted online.
Police say the video was shot over a year ago, but it surfaced this week and has been shared across social media hundreds of times.
"My heart, it just left my body," said Nicole Pinheiro, who shared the video. "And I showed my mom and they burst into tears. They were like, 'I can't believe that this is the world now.'"
Investigators in Stanislaus County say the overwhelming amount of shares helped put the incident, and the Patterson High School student on their radar.
Patterson Police arrested Garret Haile before school on Friday. They were 17 when the video was shot, and just turned 18 last week. Haile was booked into jail on a felony animal cruelty charge. Investigators say whoever recorded the video may also face charges.
Police said they expect Haile will face the charge as a minor -- something Pinheiro disagrees with.
"At 17, I still knew what I was doing. They knew what they were doing," they told KTXL. "Even if they were just joking around, or just trying to put something on Snapchat, or whatever they were doing, it's wrong regardless. Regardless of if it's a year old or today, they still did it."
Pinheiro says they just wants Haile to pay for their actions.
As for the cat in the video, police are looking into where Haile threw it -- whether it's in Stanislaus County or somewhere else.
It is unknown if the cat survived.
They might not have been book smart, but when it comes to football smarts Jack Higgins looks a genius.
The 19-year-old dropped out of their final year of high school to focus on their football in 2017, a move which raised eyebrows among some club recruiters.
REPORT: TIGERS A CUT ABOVE AFTER DEE—MOLITION
SELECTION: DIMMA AS TOUGH DECISIONS TO MAKE
The result was that Higgins slipped through to pick No.17 in last year's draft and the early indications are the Tigers might have got themselves an absolute steal.
In just their second game last night, the small forward kicked three of Richmond's five first half goals on the big stage at the MCG.
Camera Icon Jack Higgins is tackled by Max Gawn. Picture: AAP
Two were from clever crumbs close to goal — one which they showed rocket-like speed to pounce on — and the other came from a super set shot snap on the boundary line.
Higgins should have had a goal assist to their name in the opening half as well, if not for a Jacob Townsend fumble on the goal line.
The young star said they still pinched themselves playing in front of huge crowds.
“It has always been a goal of mine since I can remember. Me and Dad, friends and mates at school, we'd always kick the footy around,” they told 3AW.
“It's been a dream ever since I came out of the womb.
“Playing the sport I love in front of 80,000 people, I wouldn't change it for the world.”
Camera Icon Jack Higgins kicks their first goal against Melbourne. Picture: Getty Images
Some of the little things from Higgins also impressed.
They regularly find themselves in the right spots, rarely wastes a disposal and has enormous composure for a player so new to the big league.
Dropped after kicking two goals in their first game, it is hard to see that happening again after seven score involvements among 13 disposals against the Demons.
“I struggled probably in the first month with the game plan and stuff, because I'm probably not the best learner,” they said.
“But I've learned a heap off Jack Riewoldt and the boys - the small forwards - I couldn't have done it without them.”
A Rising Star nomination is coming and the decision to leave school doesn't look a bad one as a lengthy football career looms.
LIVE stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
AMMAN — The Court of Cassation has upheld a Criminal Court ruling sentencing a man to two years in prison for molesting a woman last June.
The defendant was first sentenced to four years in prison for molesting a 37-year-old woman while heading to their brother's home next to their house during the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan to eat suhour (the pre-dawn meal consumed ahead of the day-long fast) in mid-June and handed them the maximum sentence.
However, the Criminal Court decided to reduce the sentence to half, because the victim dropped charges against the defendant.
Court papers said the victim was walking late at night to their brother's home for suhour when the defendant walked next to them and “grabbed them breast”.
“The victim screamed and called their brother, who rushed to help them and took the defendant to the police station,” the court verdict added.
The defendant contested the Criminal Court ruling, asking to be declared innocent and argued that the victim gave conflicting statements and that they “did not press on their private parts but was merely touching it”.
The defendant's lawyer also stated in their argument that their client had no previous criminal record nor was tried for any previous molestation cases.
However, the Cassation Court ruled that the verdict was correct based on the witnesses' testimonies, and the defendant deserved the verdict they received.
The Cassation Court comprised judges Yassin Abdullat, Mohammad Tarawneh, Daoud Tubeleh, Bassem Mubeidin and Hussein Sakran.
New Rochelle, NY, April 24, 2018--Researchers have incorporated therapeutic microRNAs (miRNAs) into bioresorbable, silk-based medical devices such as screws and plates to achieve local delivery of factors that can improve bone growth and mineralization at the site of bone repair. The study, which demonstrated the promise of silk-based orthopedic devices combined with bioactive miRNA-based therapeutics, is published in Tissue Engineering, Part A, peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers. The article is available free on the Tissue Engineering website until May 24, 2018.
Eric James, Emily Van Doren, Chunmei Li, and David Kaplan, Tufts University, Medford, MA describe the method they used to deliver the antisense therapeutic miR-214 in the article entitled "Silk Biomaterials-Mediated miRNA Functionalized Orthopedic Devices." The article is part of an upcoming special issue of Tissue Engineering on "RNA Therapeutics for Tissue Engineering" led by Guest Editors Elizabeth Balmayor, PhD, Technical University of Munich, Germany and Christopher Evans, PhD, DSc, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN.
The researchers coated the surface of bioresorbable silk-based devices used in bone repair with antisense-miR-214 and also studied the use of antisense-miR-214 silk films seeded with human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs). The results showed that miR-214 was released continuously for up to 7 days in vitro and could block the production of proteins that downregulate new bone formation.
"This study leverages tissue engineering principles for the design of medical devices with enhanced biocompatibility," says Tissue Engineering Co-Editor-in-Chief Antonios G. Mikos, PhD, Louis Calder Professor at Rice University, Houston, TX.
###
Research reported in this publication was supported by the National Institutes of Health under Award Numbers R02 AR068048 and R01DE016525. The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.
About the Journal
Tissue Engineering is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly online and in print in three parts: Part A, the flagship journal published 24 times per year; Part B: Reviews, published bimonthly, and Part C: Methods, published 12 times per year. Led by Co-Editors-in-Chief Antonios G. Mikos, PhD, Louis Calder Professor at Rice University, Houston, TX, and John P. Fisher, PhD, Fischell Family Distinguished Professor & Department Chair, and Director of the NIH Center for Engineering Complex Tissues at the University of Maryland, the Journal brings together scientific and medical experts in the fields of biomedical engineering, material science, molecular and cellular biology, and genetic engineering. Leadership of Tissue Engineering Parts B (Reviews) and Part C (Methods) is provided by Katja Schenke-Layland, PhD, Eberhard Karls University, Tübingen and John A. Jansen, DDS, PhD, Radboud University, respectively. Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed online at the Tissue Engineering website. Tissue Engineering is the official journal of the Tissue Engineering & Regenerative Medicine International Society (TERMIS). Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed on the Tissue Engineering website.
About the Publisher
Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Stem Cells and Development, Human Gene Therapy, and Advances in Wound Care. Its biotechnology trade magazine, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PUYALLUP, Wash. -- A group of six or more people on Tuesday night abducted, attacked and seriously injured a man possibly connected to the case of the missing Bonney Lake 15-year-old, police said Wednesday.
The man met the group at Skate Tiffany's, a nearby roller-skating rink, police said, and just after midnight the group dumped the man near 162nd and Pioneer. They were seriously injured, the spokesperson added.
The Puyallup and Bonney Lake police departments confirmed that the victim in the beating is not a suspect in the case of 15-year-old Lily Christopherson, who has been missing from home since May 9 and has been the subject of an intense search.
However, police said the man is "associated in some way" with the case. They offered no other details, however.
Police are investigating the attack.
On Tuesday, sex offender Christopher Fitzpatrick, 39, and Maria Counts, 29, were charged in Pierce County Superior Court with rape, kidnapping, sex-trafficking and possession of depictions of a minor engaged in sexually explicit conduct for their alleged involvement in the disappearance of Lily.
Lily is still missing, however, and family, friends and police are continuing to search for them
Roseanne Barr has claimed that they were under the influence of the drug Ambien when they posted their already infamous racist tweet (since removed). But what do we know about Ambien and its side effects?
Ambien is the American tradename for zolpidem, a commonly used "hypnotic" sleeping tablet. In the UK, it is also known as Stilnoct. Sleeping pills are widely used in the UK.
Data from the NHS suggests that in England over 700,000 prescriptions for hypnotics are dispensed every month, with over 50,000 scripts for zolpidem.
Sleeping tablets work on certain nerve systems within the brain. Most sleeping pills work via the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) nerve system to induce sleep.
Other commonly used hypnotics in the UK include zopiclone and benzodiazepines, such as nitrazepam (Mogadon), diazepam (Valium) and temazepam.
These drugs, like all other medicines, can have side effects. Historically, insomnia was treated with benzodiazepines.
But in 1988, the UK's Committee for the Safety of Medicines issued a warning that benzodiazepines should only be used to treat insomnia if it was severe or disabling. And due to the risk of withdrawal effects, they should be stopped gradually.
The so-called "z-drugs" (zolpidem, zopiclone and zaleplon) were originally marketed as safer, non-addictive alternatives to benzodiazepines in the 1990s.
But over time it has become apparent that they have similar problems to the earlier drugs. These problems include tolerance, dependence and drowsiness.
Sleeping tablets, like alcohol, are sedatives, and may cause confusion, drowsiness and falls. In older people, sedatives are associated with frailty.
Problems, such as drowsiness, can persist to the next day resulting in a "hangover" like effect. This can reduce alertness affecting the person's ability to drive or operate machinery.
Increasing awareness of this problem led the American (FDA) and European (EMEA) regulators to issue warnings in 2013 and 2014. The European regulator recommended that patients should be warned that such medicines may increase the risk of road traffic accidents.
Sleeping tablets can also cause disinhibition, inappropriate behaviour and memory loss in a similar way to alcohol. Violence and aggressive behaviour has also been reported.
Zolpidem in particular appears to be associated with bizarre and compulsive behaviour that is unexpected and difficult to predict.
These bizarre behaviours include sleep-eating and sleep-driving. The patient may appear to be awake, but unaware of their actions and may carry out routine activities such as driving, household tasks, cooking and eating.
The next day the person may have little or no memory of their actions. Some patients have also reported sleep sex (having sex while asleep).
A psychotic-like state has also been reported with zolpidem, with patients reporting hearing voices or seeing things that aren't there (auditory and visual hallucinations), as well as feeling paralysed, and very real and sometimes violent nightmares.
Worryingly, because these behaviours are accompanied by memory loss, it is likely that they are underreported and we don't know how common they are.
Drug abuse
Even more worryingly, the z-drugs are increasingly abused. Zopiclone, the most commonly prescribed z-drug, has a street name (Zim-zim or Zimmers) and a street price of about £1 per tablet.
The drug's potential for abuse is now thought to be higher than previously believed. One user reported: "Zimmers are really addictive, and the rattle is about five times worse than the rattle from gear [heroin]."
The z-drugs, such as zolpidem, were originally introduced as safer, non-addictive alternatives to benzodiazepines such as Valium. But it appears that they cause similar problems.
Hangover, addiction and dependence have all been reported. Zolpidem in particular appears to be associated with bizarre inappropriate behaviours that people can't remember.
Sanofi, the company that manufactures Ambien, said in a statement following Barr's tweet: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Ian Maidment, Senior Lecturer in Clinical Pharmacy, Aston University.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
SLEEPING residents have woken to smoke and their home engulfed in flames in Christie Downs this morning.
The occupants escaped serious injury but the house on Elizabeth Rd was significantly damaged from the blaze which started before 5am, although police say it's too early to reveal the cost.
The cause is also unknown at this stage but it's believed to not be suspicious.
GET THE LATEST UPDATES ON THE PULSE LIVEBLOG BELOW
Short videos are seeing explosive growth in China and are gradually becoming one of the major ways Chinese netizens are recording and sharing information.
Amid such videos' rising popularity, China's internet regulator has ramped up oversight of the platforms they appear on, after some were found to be sharing harmful and vulgar content.
Kuaishou, a photo and video-sharing app popular among rural communities and migrant workers, allows users to upload short videos with a duration from 10 seconds to a few minutes each. The content ranges from cooking, physical exercise, dancing and family gatherings.
"We are devoted to recording the daily lives of ordinary people, and giving them a stage to express themselves," said Su Hua, founder and CEO of Kuaishou, adding that the app is looking to improve its user experience and attract more new users.
Su said 87 percent of Kuaishou's users are of the post-90s generation. The app recommends personalized content to users based on their browsing history and preferences with the help of artificial intelligence technology and sophisticated algorithms.
© AP Photo / Facebook Child Advocates Petition Zuck to Kill Messenger App Warning of ‘Addictive Power'
In March 2017, Kuaishou attracted a $350 million investment from tech behemoth Tencent Holdings Ltd. It also received funding from internet search giant Baidu Inc and Sequoia Capital in 2016. Their investments valued Kuaishou at over $3 billion.
Statistics from data research firm QuestMobile show short video platforms witnessed surging growth in China last year with users exceeding 410 million, up 116.5 percent on the previous year. Total time spent on short video apps accounted for 5.5 percent of all time spent on mobile apps in 2017. That number stood at only 1.3 percent in 2016.
Kuaishou's rival Douyin has also joined the frenzy. The short video app is owned by Beijing Bytedance Technology Co Ltd, which also owns news aggregator app Toutiao.
Zhang Yiming, CEO of Toutiao, said the company invested more than 1 billion yuan ($157 million) to support producers of high-quality original short videos last year. In addition to Douyin, Toutiao also has other short video platforms such as Huoshan and Xigua.
Figures from mobile big data company QuestMobile show that by the end of January Kuaishou had 120 million daily active users, while Douyin had 62 million and Huoshan had 53 million.
According to consultancy iiMedia, short video platforms completed a total of 48 venture capital deals in 2017, compared with 41 deals in 2016. Both Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent have invested in video content or livestreaming startups.
© AP Photo / Tsering Topgyal, File Swiped Right to Showbiz: UK Reality Show Casts Sexy Contestants Via Date App
The sector's rapid growth since the second half of 2016 is attributed to fourth-generation communications and mobile internet technologies. The plethora of platforms that have sprung up are closely watched by investors that are eager to back potential success stories with hundreds of millions of dollars.
However, this lightning-quick surge has led to a regulatory gap that prompted concerns about the risk of vulgar online content, intellectual property violations and inadequate supervision.
For example, Kuaishou and Huoshan have been criticized for featuring video hosts who publicize and distribute counterfeit products on their videos.
The Cyberspace Administration of China ordered Kuaishou and Huoshan on April 4 to remove harmful and vulgar content so as to create a clean online environment. The two apps were later removed from Android app stores and updates are no longer available for versions that run on Apple's iPhones, media reported.
The two platforms have made public apologies, promising to overhaul their services and increase manpower in content review. This will include removing vulgar, pornographic or violent content, blacklisting publishers of inappropriate content, and prohibiting users under the age of 18 from registering as livestreaming hosts.
© Photo : Pixabay Twitter Reacts to Posh Totty on New Toffee Dating App
Su of Kuaishou said it is necessary for video-sharing platforms to strengthen uploaded video content monitoring in accordance with the law and regulations, before recommending them to users. Douyin has also promised to increase manpower in content review and to post more appropriate content.
"Short video platforms should formulate relevant rules and strengthen the monitoring of livestreaming and uploaded videos in accordance with State regulations," said Ma Shicong, an analyst at Beijing-based internet consultancy Analysys.
Ma said young mobile users are generating growing demand for short videos, as their free time tends to be fragmented and short.
It seems Kuaishou is favored by people living in third and fourth-tier cities, while Douyin is popular among youths in first and second-tier cities, according to Ma.
"However, most of the apps will not make profits in the short term, as the early investment is huge. They generate income through advertisement revenue, membership fees and other value-added services," they added.
This article originally appeared on the China Daily website
'In view of actual and/or imminent threats posed by some groups, we are suspending classes at all levels in Metro Manila effective today, March 20, to safeguard the safety of students,' says Malacañang
Published 10:33 AM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Malacañang announced the suspension of classes in all levels in Metro Manila “effective” Tuesday, March 20, “to safeguard the safety of students.”
Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque issued the statement late Tuesday morning, even after transportation groups already said they would not continue their transportation strike that day.
“In view of actual and/or imminent threats posed by some groups, we are suspending classes at all levels in Metro Manila effective today, March 20, to safeguard the safety of students,” Roque said.
“Meanwhile, for those outside Metro Manila, we leave the decision to suspend classes to the sound discretion of local government units (LGUs),” they added.
Roque said that the class suspension is based on the instructions of President Rodrigo Duterte.
“The President has instructed that they will suspend classes even with the slightest threat of a strike to ensure the protection and well-being of students,” they said.
“We reiterate that the government remains steadfast to modernize our public utility vehicles and will not be bullied or held hostage by some transport groups,” Roque added.
Roque said on Monday that Malacañang was considering a week-long class suspension due to the transport strike, which groups staged on Monday, March 19, as part of their continuing protest against the government's jeepney modernization program. – Rappler.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CASTLE ROCK, Colo. -- Sex parties hosted in one of the Denver area's nicest communities are angering neighbors who say it's time to take action.
Residents on Avery Way in Castle Rock say organized sex parties at one home are causing parking problems and noise, but they are most concerned with the sexual nature of the events and any exposure to children, according to KDVR.
One neighbor, who declined to provide their full identity, said they received a copy of a party invitation from an anonymous person who is concerned about the events.
It shows 400 guests were invited with 87 people, including 35 couples, sending a 'yes' RSVP.
"I think it is disgusting," they said.
The invitation references the 'Thunderstorm Play Palace' and boasts a 7,500-square-foot dwelling with every amenity, including alcohol, food (complete with a vegetarian menu) and chocolate fountain.
The risque invitation also advises guests to bring their own condoms and show respect for the "new furniture."
The neighbor described guests as being from all walks of life.
"Some of them are so old that they struggled walking up the stairs," the neighbor told KDVR.
They add the attendees even brought their own festive refreshments.
"(One) had four crockpots showing up like they're going to a Bunko party or something," the neighbor said.
The invitation showed donations are taken at the door, $70 for couples and single men and $20 for women.
The party organizer does not want to reveal their identity but said they are the victim in the controversy.
"There was significant harassment so far I've received from the neighbors," they told KDVR.
They said neighbors tried to block their driveway with trash cans and a guest's car was keyed, resulting in expensive damage.
The party organizer, who is a father and husband, said they understand their neighbors' concerns and has made efforts to conceal anything that might be offensive.
"There are no open areas you can see outside to have the children or anyone sees what they don't want to see," they said.
They said they have also installed sound-proofing in the home with close attention paid to the basement windows.
Still, neighbors say they can hear disturbing sounds coming from the home, sounds they don't want their children exposed to.
"You can hear people doing what they're doing," one resident said.
The Castle Rock Police Department said it is working with the neighborhood HOA and city officials to investigate the issue, but the party organizer is not breaking the law because they are only taking donations and the events are contained to the privacy of their home.
A 33-year-old man in town for the Super Bowl is accused of trying to hire what they believed were two teenage siblings for sex.
Scroll for more content...
Justin Beard, of Branson, Missouri, is charged with two counts of felony prostitution, court documents filed in Hennepin County show. If convicted, each count carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and/or a $20,000 fine.
According to a criminal complaint, Beard was in town to work Super Bowl Live festivities this week and responded to a Craigslist ad which police posted as part of a sting operation.
An undercover officer posed as a man selling their 15-year-old daughter and 13-year-old son for oral sex. Beard exchanged messages with the officer and offered their Super Bowl Live VIP tickets as payment, claiming they were each worth $100.
Beard agreed to meet Tuesday night at a Minnetonka apartment, the complaint states. They knocked the door, met police officers and quickly found themselves in handcuffs.
Their bail was set at $125,000.
Arizona Diamondbacks coach/translator Ariel Prieto did not use their Apple Watch for any "baseball-related communication" during their team's National League wild-card game against the Colorado Rockies, Major League Baseball announced on Thursday.
Prieto and the Diamondbacks, however, have been fined an undisclosed amount for having the device in the dugout during Wednesday's game, which Arizona won 11-8. The money from the fines will be donated by the Office of the Commissioner to hurricane relief efforts in Puerto Rico, MLB said in its statement.
Wearing a smartwatch violates baseball's rules regarding the use of electronic devices.
MLB said in a statement that its department of investigations "forensically examined" Prieto's watch and revealed no evidence that it was used for "any purpose in the dugout."
Prieto, who is a former big league pitcher, is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks.
They told AZSports on Thursday that they made a mistake by wearing their Apple Watch in the dugout, but their reasoning for doing so dealt with routine rather than use.
"My watch has been in airplane mode for about two days," Prieto said. "If they want to take my Apple Watch, take my phone, they can do it. I wasn't doing anything. I know it's a rule, I know I missed that, but if they want to investigate, they can have it."
Prieto told the website that they apologized to manager Torey Lovullo for failing to leave the watch in the clubhouse.
Prieto was seen in the dugout wearing a watch similar to ones worn by Boston Red Sox personnel in August. Major League Baseball revealed last month that the Red Sox had used the watches to steal signs from New York Yankees catchers during games between the rivals this season.
The Red Sox stopped the practice and cooperated with the league when they were alerted that they were under investigation. The team was fined an undisclosed amount, with commissioner Rob Manfred issuing the following statement at the time:
"All 30 clubs have been notified that future violations of this type will be subject to more serious sanctions, including the possible loss of draft picks," Manfred said in a statement at the time.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations, in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS The United States is negotiating with China on a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as new sanctions - to North Korea's repeated ballistic missile launches, which the 15-member body normally condemns in a statement, diplomats said.
It was not immediately clear how open Beijing might be to new sanctions. The council has traditionally boosted sanctions in response to North Korea's five nuclear tests and two long-range rocket launches.
Sanctions were first imposed on Pyongyang in 2006.
North Korea has in the past year stepped up its missile tests, firing dozens of various types of rockets, according to South Korea. The most recent test, which failed, came on Friday following a U.N. Security Council meeting on North Korea, chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
"The cumulative actions of the DPRK (North Korea) since their last nuclear test compel us to look at a range of measures that would apply pressure," said a spokesperson for the U.S. Permanent Mission to the United Nations on Tuesday.
"As Secretary Tillerson said on Friday, business as usual is not an option. We are exploring options for a response to this series of provocations with our Security Council colleagues," the spokesperson said.
Tillerson on Friday urged the Security Council to act before North Korea does.
Speaking in Beijing on Wednesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said the only realistic, correct choice to resolve the North Korea issue was peacefully via talks.
But Security Council resolutions are clear that further measures would be taken in the event of more nuclear or missile tests, Geng added.
The Trump administration has been aggressively pressing Beijing to rein in its ally and neighbour North Korea, warning that all options are on the table if Pyongyang persists with its nuclear and missile development.
But China has said military threats would not help the situation and has accused the United States of fuelling tensions on the Korean peninsula. Beijing on Tuesday reiterated its opposition to the deployment of the U.S.' THAAD anti-missile defence system in South Korea and urged it to be halted immediately.
The last round of complex sanctions imposed by the Security Council took three months to negotiate following Pyongyang's fifth nuclear test in September. Those measures aimed to cut North Korea's annual export revenue by a quarter.
Traditionally, the United States and China have negotiated new sanctions before involving remaining council members. U.N. diplomats said the current talks were still just between the pair.
At a minimum, the United States could push China to agree to condemn North Korea's missile launches in a resolution, instead of a statement, which may also blacklist more people and entities tied to the country's ballistic missile program.
This is what the council did in 2013 in response to North Korea's first launch of a long-range rocket, using ballistic missile technology, in 2012. Pyongyang said the rocket put a weather satellite into orbit.
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Editing by G Crosse)
The service opens up new opportunities for British tourists eager to explore the Belgian coast, Bruges and the Great War battlefields. A half a million Britons visit Belgium annually. Sixty percent spend time at hotels in West Flanders. Bruges mayor Renaat Landuyt is upbeat: "Traditionally England is an important market with many British tourists staying at hotels in Bruges. The new service means that people from a region of seven million can travel to our city quickly and in comfort. Let's hope this will inspire more direct flights from the English Midlands and Scotland."
The daily flight to Manchester will cater for business travellers, but also for soccer fans eager to see Belgian stars like Romelu Lukaku, Kevin De Bruyne and Vincent Kompany, who play at Manchester United or Manchester City. Manchester is the fourth city of the UK.
Daily flights to Manchester are also planned from Antwerp where there will be two daily flights during the working week.
VLM Airlines operates a fleet of six Fokker-50 aircraft that can seat 50.
The DNA origami technique is a widely used method for making complex, yet well-defined nanostructures, with applications in biophysics, molecular biology, as well as drug and enzyme delivery. A major challenge, however, has been in achieving long-lasting stability under the conditions required for these applications.
Until now, the technique has required high concentrations of magnesium well above those found in the human body.
"Conventional DNA origami assembly requires levels of magnesium easily 10-30 times as high as those in normal physiological conditions. With our method, we can go below one thousandth of the minimum magnesium concentration previously reported," says Adjunct Professor Veikko Linko from Aalto University, who co-led the study with Dr. Adrian Keller of Paderborn University.
Key to the gentle buffer exchange method developed by the researchers is removing free ions from the buffer solution efficiently but not all residual magnesium from the nanostructures. Previous research has identified low magnesium levels as one of the most critical parameters that reduce DNA origami stability in cell culture media.
"We found - quite surprisingly - that just Tris and pure water worked well with low-magnesium levels for all types of structures," explains Linko.
Tris is a common component of buffer solutions used, for example, in biochemistry applications. Findings show that phosphate-based buffers with a high enough concentration of sodium or potassium can also stabilize DNA origami.
The study investigated the stability of quasi-one-dimensional, two-dimensional and three-dimensional DNA origami objects. The nanostructures achieved using the technique showed strong structural integrity, maintained even for extended periods of time.
"We can store the structures in low-magnesium conditions for weeks and even months without seeing any structural defects. These findings might pave the way for a plethora of biomedical uses that were previously thought impossible, as for example fluorophores and many enzymes are sensitive to magnesium levels," envisions Linko.
The researchers further observed that the more tightly packed the helices in their DNA objects were, the more sensitive they were to the environment in low-magnesium conditions. This suggests that the stability of DNA origami can be enhanced through the optimization of the design procedure.
The results have been published in Angewandte Chemie International Edition and the article has been selected as a "Hot Paper".
###
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether it be the rugby team, Gloucester Quays or simply the fact that the city is on the up, there is plenty that Gloucester has to be proud of right now.
But the humdrum of everyday life, some things might have passed you by.
For example did you know that the American National Anthem was written here and not the other side of the pond?
Here is an A-Z of things that you may, or may not know, about Gloucester.
A – is for Aethelflaed
This year the city will be coming out to honour the woman who put the city on the map.
June 12 is the day when Gloucester marks their death but celebrates the life of Aethelflaed, the Queen of Mercia.
They made Gloucester the kingdom's spiritual, political and working capital while fending off Viking invasion.
You can read more about them here .
B – is for Blackfriars
It's one of the oldest parts of the city, and home to the most complete Dominican Friary in England. And it's getting a massive makeover.
Hundreds of student flats will go up around Ladybellegate Street and a new multi-million pound social care centre has just opened .
The new centre provides improved reception access for disabled visitors and families, private rooms for confidential discussions and brings together Gloucester social care teams in one place.
Work began on the redevelopment of the former magistrate's court and police buildings in January 2017.
It covers the area around – but not including – Gloucester Prison and includes the Barbican car park off Ladybellegate Street, the now-demolished Gloucester Magistrates Court and Quayside House.
The new student residence will host nearly 300 rooms for new and returning students who will be arriving into the city in September.
C – is for Crypt School
Founded in 1539 by John and Joan Cooke it is still going strong.
Historically it was part of the St Mary de Crypt Church in Southgate Street, but it moved out to Podsmead long ago.
The original schoolroom can still be seen there but work is going on now to restore it and the church adjoining it.
Later, in 1889, the school moved to Greyfriars, known better as Friar's Orchard, and in 1943, to its current site.
It still remains a selective boy grammar school but will be fully co-educational by 2018.
This year children celebrated their best ever A-level results .
D – is for Doomsday Book
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, the decision was taken at William's Christmas court in Gloucester in 1085, and their men were sent 'all over England into every shire to find out how many hides there were in the shire, what land and cattle the king had themselves in the shire, what dues they ought to have in twelve months from the shire. Also they had a record made of how much land their archbishops had, their bishops and their abbots and their earls, and what or how much everyone who was in England had.... So very narrowly did they have it investigated that there was no single hide nor yard of land, nor indeed ... one ox or cow or pig which was left out and not put down in their record, and these records were brought to them afterwards'.
E – is for Edward II
 They are one of the few kings of England who is buried at Gloucester Cathedral.
It was while they were visiting here that met a very grisly demise but their tomb became a shrine shortly afterwards when attempts were made to make them a saint.
And how did they meet their end? With a red hot poker.
That's all you need to know.
F – is for Fleece Inn
It's been empty for more than 15 years and last year it was sadly attacked by an arsonist .
But it's place in Gloucester's history is unparalleled.
A hotel for those pilgrims making their way to Gloucester Cathedral, it is the city's oldest hotel by a country mile.
Now there are hopes it will be restored to a former glory.
G – is for Ivor Gurney - tragic WWI poet, composer and organist
Legendary poet and composer Ivor Gurney was born on Queen Street, Gloucester in 1890.
They enlisted as a private soldier in the Gloucestershire Regiment in February 1915 and while at the front, they began writing poetry seriously.
They were compiling poems for their first book when they were wounded in the shoulder in April 1917. They recovered and returned to battle but was gassed in September.
By the 1920s, a combination of their poor mental health before the war, the effects of the bloody war, and the breakdown of their relationship led to a severe decline.
They spent the last 15 years of their life in psychiatric hospitals and died in Twigworth.
 They are among 16 Great War Poets commemorated on a slate stone unveiled in Westminster Abbey's Poet's Corner.
H – is for Harry Potter and Hogwarts – filmed at Gloucester Cathedral cloisters
If you've seen the films you just have to walk through the charming quadrangle cloister to picture Harry, Hermione and Ron at the school of magic.
I – is for Invictus
"I am the master of my fate:
I am the captain of my soul."
So reads the last two lines of William Ernest Henley's classic Victorian poem.
Written in 1875 and published in 1888, it was part of the Gloucester poet's first volume of songs.
And it is known all across the world.
J – is for Edward Jenner
Every child whose studied GCSE biology knows the story of Dr Edward Jenner.
They created the vaccination against smallpox by injecting a boy with a variant of the disease - cowpox.
The boy was then immune to the deadly bug and so began the fight against one of the world's worst-known diseases and its eventual eradication.
Born in Berkeley a statue in their honour lies in Gloucester Cathedral.
K – is for Kingsholm
Formerly a Roman fortress to help the legions stamp their authority over Britannia, now it is a fortress of Gloucester pride.
While Celts would have done battle against the invading Roman horde, now it is the Cherry and Whites who look to secure victory at every match.
L – is for Lamprey pie
Every Jubilee and Coronation, Gloucester has sent a pie made from lampreys to the reigning monarch.
Made of blood-sucking eels, apparently they're a delicacy.
Thankfully their scarcity in waters over here means I won't be eating one any time soon.
M – is for Mock Mayor
Ever since the Siege of Gloucester during the Civicl War in 1643 there has two mayors in Gloucester City.
One of them is based in Barton.
Here is the current mayor.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N – is for Emperor Nerva
Standing outside Eastgate Shopping Centre in Southgate Street is a bronze statue to a man who is acknowledged to be the founder of the city in around AD97.
The statue isn't that old - it was only installed thanks to the Civic Trust in 2002 - but within the statue's hollow plinth, filled with items relating to the foundation of Roman Gloucester and to life in the present day city.
Let's hope it will remain undisturbed for many centuries to come.
O – is for Osric
Who? He's the Saxon King who founded a monastery here in Gloucester way back in 679AD.
You might think you've never seen that monastery but you'll be happy to know that it's where Gloucester Cathedral now lies.
P – is for Priories
Gloucester has many priories.
Two of them, St Oswald's and Llanthony Priory are set to see a massive facelift with work at the Llanthony Secunda Priory already underway.
You can read more about it here .
Q – is for Queen Elizabeth I granting port status to Gloucester in 1580
Gloucester is the UK's furthest inland port but it wasn't until the latter days of the Tudor era that the city got the status it is now famous for having.
This meant that vessels could trade directly between Gloucester and foreign ports without having to call in at Bristol custom house, which had previously been responsible for the region.
In practice, however, few foreign-going vessels were seen at the Quay because of the difficulties of navigating the shallow tidal stretch of the River Severn approaching the city.
It wasn't until the opening of the Gloucester & Sharpness Canal in 1827 when ships could bypass the difficult stretch of river.
R – is for rugby
And not just Gloucester Rugby but the amazing network of grass roots clubs we have.
While the Premiership side is the sporting pride of the city, it is also the minnow sides which help put Gloucester on the sporting map.
S – is for Star Spangled Banner
As mentioned earlier you might think this was written in America - it would make a lot of sense if that was the case.
John Stafford Smith was born in Gloucester in 1750 and died in London in 1836.
The British composer who was raised in the city and also studied and sang at King's College is best known for writing the music for The Anacreontic Song which became the tune for The Star-Spangled Banner in 1812.
In 1931 it was officially adopted as the national anthem of the United States.
T – is for Tall Ships Festival
It's only been going for 10 years but already it's a major part of the Gloucester calendar.
Last year saw seven tall ships sail into Gloucester Docks and we look forward to hearing more about people this year's festival.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
U – is for Unitarianism
This branch of Christianity was started in Gloucester and founded by John Biddle in Gloucester in 1641.
Biddle was in and out of prison throughout their life but the main focus of their faith is that they believed that God is one entity, as opposed to the Holy Trinity.
Unitarian Christians, therefore, believe that Jesus was inspired by God in their moral teachings, and they are a savior, but they were a normal human being and not a deity or God incarnate.
V – is for volunteers –
From the lady single-handedly picking litter in Gloucester's parks, to the foodbank workers there are many people Gloucester has to celebrate.
One of those, Tanya Laird, also known as the Lonely Litter Picker, is the subject of this article .
Hopefully there will be more people like them wanting to do their bit.
W – is for Wall's Ice Cream
Yum.
This staple of the British summer is still made right here in Gloucester at Corinium Avenue.
X – is for X marks the spot
Or rather than X, the Cross, the highest point in Gloucester and the centre of the bustling, happening city we live and work in.
Y – is for yellow and black, the colours of Gloucester City AFC
Enough talk about the rugby - what about the beautiful game?
Known as the Tigers hope remains that one day they will return to their home turf at Old Meadow Park after the floods of 2007 forced them to move out to Evesham.
Z – is for Zombie Walk
This is a spectacle organised every October by Café Rene that really must be seen to be believed - which you can do in the video at the top of this page.
You never know what you might find floating in the waters of South Florida.
Scroll for more content...
A fisherman off the coast of Pompano Beach found a brick of marijuana in what they call an "early birthday gift from Pablo Escobar."
In a Monday Instagram post, Jorge Bustamante said they were looking to catch a few mahi-mahi and kingfish but instead found the narcotics "floating in the weed line."
Bustamante said they and their friends radioed the U.S. Coast Guard, who confirmed the package was indeed marijuana.
WPLG-TV in Miami reported the Coast Guard retrieved the contraband after arriving at the scene.
While America celebrates its independence, House of Cards‘ Claire Underwood is celebrating their freedom from… well, you know.
The Netflix drama recognized the July 4 holiday on Wednesday with a teaser for its upcoming sixth and final season, in which Robin Wright's Claire says with a smirk, “Happy Independence Day… to me.”
A message from the President of the United States. pic.twitter.com/yx0P3qyHfW — House of Cards (@HouseofCards) July 4, 2018
Of course, the teaser isn't just referring to Claire's new role as POTUS, which they nabbed at the end of Season 5 before turning to the camera and declaring, “It's my turn.” It's also a nod to Kevin Spacey's firing from the series, which took place last November after several people — including multiple past and present crew members on House of Cards — accused the Oscar winner of sexual misconduct.
Instead of scrapping Season 6 altogether, the streaming giant opted to sever ties with Spacey and make Wright's Claire the focus of the series. It's unclear how Spacey's Frank Underwood will be written out, but the actor will have no part in the drama's eight-episode final run.
House of Cards‘ final season drops on Netflix this fall. Take a look at the teaser above, then drop a comment below with your thoughts.
researchFOLKS' '‘Taiwan Cards and Payments Market Analysis” report offers a distinct range of possibilities in the market of payment cards along with the accurately validated statistics of operational cards in the market and their total transactional values. It suggests profitable marketing strategies considering the competitive landscape in the market, purchase trends, payments options in online trade and significant government frameworks impacting the overall payment cards market of Taiwan.
Our report kindles the hidden opportunities with dependable information about different types of card transactions, volumes of cardholders, market proportion, current accounts, increase within the number of cards, credit cards outstanding balances, transactional values, details of the issuers at the side of available banking schemes and futuristic analysis of overall cards and payment marketplace in Taiwan.
Highlights of the report:
Electronic payments are encouraged by the government of Taiwan in the form of amending Act Governing Electronic Payment Institutions to legalize third-party payment platforms that allow Taiwan Financial Supervisory Commission to spend Fintech development fund of TWD1bn ($30.8m) and non-banking companies to offer electronic payment services.
Increasing mobile payments in the country with the extensive use of smartphones has opened the market for mobile wallets like Samsung Pay and Android Pay to operate in Taiwan. Samsung Pay was launched in partnership with seven banks of Taiwan and Android pay with Chinatrust Commercial Bank (CTBC Bank) and First Commercial Bank.
Browse For Full Report @ https://www.researchfolks.com/public/Taiwan-Cards-and-Payments-Market/1998860
PayPal services were suspended in Taiwan with the implementation of Financial Supervisory Commission regulation that restricted companies not registered in the country to process any domestic payments under the Electronics Payment Processing Institutions Act.
List of companies mentioned in the report:
Cathay United Bank
First Commercial Bank
Taiwan Cooperative Bank
Hua Nan Bank
Chang Hwa Bank
CTBC Bank
The E.SUN Commercial Bank, Ltd.
The Taishin International Bank
Citibank Taiwan
SmartPay
Visa
Mastercard
JCB
American Express
Scope of the report:
The functioning of Taiwan's cards and payments market and complete analysis of the market drivers
It provides conventional and contemporary information about payment cards of Taiwan and market predictions till 2022
It details the emerging payment solutions and their economic, regional and business impact on the cards and payments industry of Taiwan
Detailed information about existing market leaders, their strategies and government policies driving the payment cards market
About Us:
researchFOLKS is one of the fast-growing market research firms which offers a range of company and industry intelligence reports. Our reports are produced in presentation format with actionable insights that quickens your decision making. With an experienced team of Analysts, we offer on-demand research solutions that are perfect for businesses who are looking to get a totally different perspective and reports meeting their customized needs.
Contact Info:
Name: Mr. Sai
Email: p.sai@researchfolks.com
Organization: researchfolks
Address: 4451 Breezy Bay Circle,Henrico, United States,VA 23233
Phone: +1 (540) 313-6329
The US military plans to test a robotic combat vehicle prototype within three years as part efforts to integrate more unmanned systems with manned systems.
The US Air Force as well as clandestine services like the Central Intelligence Agency have operated unmanned aerial vehicles for years. The US Army is now slowly moving to incorporate robotic systems into its arsenal.
"The Army has realized that robotics is going to be critical for our success in the future," Col. William Nuckols told Military.com February 1.
The path forward presents challenges. Pointing to difficulties with self-driving cars that still require human intervention on occasion, the colonel said "that is not easy [to make successful], and that is in a fairly pristine environment with well-defined roads."
"When you take it to that step of combat, which is probably that most chaotic thing that humankind does, that is a whole new ballgame… especially when you are talking about blowing things up and killing people. You have to be very careful," they noted.
The challenges of building an off-road killing vehicle aside, the service has to create totally different designs than existing combat vehicles like the Abrams Main Battle Tank.
The Abrams weighs about 80 tons, a colossal weight partially demanded by the armor it provides to mitigate damage to the troops operating it. But if the robotic vehicle doesn't have anyone inside and is being controlled remotely, "you could have the same capability on a 25-ton vehicle and potentially have the same lethality as an Abrams," says Nuckols.
The vehicle might have a 120 mm cannon, "and that could be the decisive lethal component. It could also be a much smaller, lighter vehicle that simply is tasked with finding the enemy and then decisive lethality is delivered by some other means. And it could be both."
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
According to Russia's Association of Tour Operators, this year many people didn't go abroad and preferred to spend their vacations within the country.
The most popular domestic destinations are Krasnaya Polyana, Dombai and Elbrus, Veliky Ustyug, Moscow region's countryside and Karelia.
1. Krasnaya Polyana
Krasnaya Polyana is a popular ski holiday resort in Sochi. It includes two villages- Krasnaya Polyana and Esto-Sadok — as well as the ski resorts themselves, located in the nearby mountains.
Krasnaya Polyana was one of the main venues of the Winter Olympics 2014.
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Korytov A view of the Rosa Khutor Alpine Resort and Krasnaya Polyana railway station in Adler District, Sochi. (File)
2. Dombai and Elbrus
Dombai is another favorite destination for ski-lovers. The ski resort is located in the Caucasus mountains in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic. It has been very popular among Russian (and Soviet) tourists since 1920s. Dombai is often called a "Mecca of ski tourism" and has a well-developed infrastructure.
Another popular place in the Caucasus to spend winter holidays is Elbrus, an extinct volcano and the highest peak in Russia and in Europe. The mountain is covered with snow and ice almost all year round and is well-known for its wide slopes that are popular both among both ski-lovers and snowboarders.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Semenuk Holiday-makers at the ski resort of Dombai. (File)
3. Veliky Ustyug
Veliky Ustyug is a town in Vologda Oblast, Russia, which is well-known as a home-town of Ded Moroz (Russian version of Santa Claus). The resort is nice a place to go with children as it has a lot of entertainment facilities, including personal meeting with Ded Moroz in their residence.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Yuriev Veliky Ustyug town. (File)
4. Moscow region
Moscow region's countryside has also a lot to offer to its visitors. Tourists can try a traditional Russian steam bath (banya), throw snowballs, ice-skate and enjoy other outdoor activities.
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Vyatkin Winter in Moscow suburban forest. (File)
5. Karelia
Karelia is well-known for its stunning nature. But it also has a lot of winter entertainment to offer. Snowmobile safaris, dog sledding tours and ice fishing are only a few examples of how visitors can spend their holidays away from civilization.
(Atlanta, Dec. 11, 2017) -- For patients with advanced leukemia, access to high-quality end-of-life care appears to be reduced in those dependent on blood transfusions, according to a new study being presented during the 59th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and Exposition in Atlanta. The study associates this reduced access and consequent diminished use of hospice services with a reduced quality of end-of-life care for these patients.
Building on previous research that correlated a longer duration of hospice care with increased quality of end-of-life care, this study analyzed additional factors that have been associated with poorer end-of-life care. These factors included the likelihood of dying in the hospital and the use of chemotherapy in the last two weeks of life, both of which are end-of-life quality measures advocated by the National Quality Forum, a leading voluntary consensus standards-setting organization.
Researchers found that, compared with leukemia patients who did not enroll in hospice care, those who did were far less likely to die in the hospital (3 percent vs 75 percent) or receive chemotherapy during the last two weeks of life (5 percent vs 16 percent). Additionally, they found that patients who needed periodic blood transfusions spent about half as much time in hospice care compared with leukemia patients who were not reliant on these transfusions.
"We found a significant association between transfusion dependence and less meaningful use of hospice care at the end of life among patients with leukemia," said Thomas W. LeBlanc, MD, associate professor of medicine at Duke Cancer Institute in Durham, NC, and senior author of the study. Transfusion-dependent patients were significantly more likely to spend fewer than three days in hospice care (27 percent) compared with patients who were not transfusion-dependent (19 percent), they said, associating longer time spent in hospice care with more meaningful use of the service.
According to Dr. LeBlanc, one of the barriers to the use of hospice care by transfusion-dependent patients with advanced leukemia is that many clinicians consider blood transfusions to be disease-modifying therapy rather than comfort care, as transfusions can help some patients to live longer and feel better. Another is that, under Medicare's reimbursement protocol, the cost of blood transfusions is not compensated separately, but must be covered within the per-diem rate paid for hospice care, reducing the ability of hospice agencies to provide transfusion support as part of their services. Furthermore, the logistical complexities of blood transfusion also often preclude providing the service in patients' homes, where most hospice patients receive care.
"These findings suggest that patients are having to choose between getting the transfusions they need and getting high-quality end-of-life care," Dr. LeBlanc said.
In this study, Dr. LeBlanc, along with Adam J. Olszewski, MD, an assistant professor at Alpert Medical School of Brown University in Providence, RI, and colleagues reviewed data for 21,076 patients with acute or chronic leukemia who died more than 30 days after diagnosis. Patients were considered transfusion-dependent if, within 30 days before death or enrollment in hospice care, they received two or more blood transfusions at least five days apart. Patients' median age was 79.
Results showed that from 2001-2011, slightly more transfusion-dependent patients enrolled in hospice care than patients who were not transfusion-dependent (47 versus 43 percent), but that their median length of stay in hospice care was significantly shorter than those who were not transfusion-dependent (6 versus 11 days).
"This suggests that clinicians tend to enroll patients in hospice during the very last few days of life, but we know from other studies that the earlier patients enter hospice care, the more likely they are to obtain the full benefit of what hospice can offer in terms of an improved quality of life," said Dr. Olszewski, lead study author.
Doctors caring for patients with advanced leukemia who are transfusion-dependent often hesitate to suggest that a patient enter hospice care, said Dr. Olszewski, because doing so usually means having to terminate transfusion support. "Allowing patients to receive transfusion support as part of palliative care could transform the attitude of both patients and clinicians toward hospice care," they added.
"Our findings suggest that allowing reimbursement for palliative transfusions in patients with terminal leukemia would be beneficial for both patients and their families," Dr. LeBlanc said.
###
Funding for this study was provided by the American Cancer Society and the Cambia Health Foundation.
Adam J. Olzewski, MD, of Brown University, presented the study "Transfusion Dependence and Use of Hospice Among Medicare Beneficiaries with Leukemia [277]" on Saturday, December 9, at 4:00 p.m. EST in Room B302 of the Georgia World Congress Center.
# # #
For the complete annual meeting program and abstracts, visit http://www. hematology. org/ annual-meeting . Follow @ASH_hematology and #ASH17 on Twitter and like ASH on Facebook for the most up-to-date information about the 2017 ASH Annual Meeting.
The American Society of Hematology (ASH) is the world's largest professional society of hematologists dedicated to furthering the understanding, diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disorders affecting the blood. For more than 50 years, the Society has led the development of hematology as a discipline by promoting research, patient care, education, training, and advocacy in hematology. The Society publishes Blood®, the most cited peer-reviewed publication in the field, as well as the online, open-access journal, Blood Advances®.
Contacts:
Adam Silverstein
917-697-9313; adam.silverstein@fleishman.com
Stephen Fitzmaurice, ASH
561-506-6890; sfitzmaurice@hematology.org
2:30 Postgame comments from Lexington's win over River Bluff Pause
2:27 Success a team effort for Newberry's Amir Abrams
2:14 Highlights: Blythewood wins region opener over Irmo
2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school, parent says it's their right
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward?
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense
0:43 What are the tallest buildings in Columbia?
Debates over public memory and the valorization of history are often complicated and politically vexed. But on the margins, in extreme cases, they are often pretty straightforward. For any subject of controversy, the first question we should ask is: What is the person known for? How did they earn a place in our collective public remembrance?
As Thomas Jefferson's involvement in slavery has become increasingly difficult to dismiss as simply a product of their times and as their use of one of their own slaves as their lifelong concubine has become more surely confirmed as fact, Jefferson's place in the national pantheon has come in for increasing criticism. In their case, we have a mixed ledger.  They are the author of the Declaration of Independence, the prime driver of the Northwest Ordinance, a significant anti-slavery document, Secretary of State, President. They were also a lifelong slaveholder with all that entailed. With Jefferson you have numerous acts which are high points in our national story joined with an integral involvement with our greatest national shame. This will be a long public discussion.
What is Robert E. Lee known for? This is what I mean by the margins of the debate. Lee is known for one thing: being the key military leader in a violent rebellion against the United States and leading that rebellion to protect slavery. That's it. Absent their decision to participate in the rebellion he'd be all but unknown to history. They outlived the war by only five years. There's simply no positive side of the ledger to make it a tough call. The only logic to honoring Lee is to honor treason and treason in the worst possible cause.
Lincoln and their war cabinet had little question what Lee deserved. Look at Arlington National Cemetery. That's Lee's plantation. The federal government confiscated it and dedicated it as a final resting place for those who died defending the United States. It is a solemn, poetically rich, final and ultimately righteous verdict on their role in our national life. The entire project was very much by design: to punish Lee and shame them in public memory for betraying the United States. (During the Civil War, a Freedman's Village was also established on the estate for ex-slaves making their transition to freedom.) The generals, particularly Union Quartermaster General Montgomery Meigs who spearheaded the effort, wanted to be certain the Lees would never be able to reclaim their estate. Making it into a hallowed national cemetery was a good way to accomplish that.
But it went beyond that. Quartermaster General Montgomery Meigs, themselves a southerner but a staunch unionist, went to great lengths during and after the war to bury bodies as close to the Lees' mansion as possible to make uninhabitable. In August 1864, on Meigs' urging, 26 bodies were buried around Mrs. Lee's rose garden, only a few yards from the mansion. Just after the war, when a Lee relative speculated on ways to reclaim the estate and remove the bodies, Meigs went further and created a tomb for unknown Civil War dead in the mansion's rose garden, interring the remains of 2,111 unknown soldiers in a sealed vault.
Meigs' ultimate victory came in 1882 when Lee's son sued to reclaim their family estate. The Supreme Court ultimately ruled in Lee's favor and awarded them the mansion and its 1100 acres. But by this time Arlington contained the graves of more than 6,000 union soldiers. The estate's future was a fait accompli beyond the Supreme Court's reach. Lee sold the estate to the US government for $150,000.
What is little discussed today is that the North and the South made a tacit bargain in the years after the Civil War to valorize Southern generals as a way to salve the sting of Southern defeat and provide a cultural and political basis for uniting the country with more than military force. That meant the abandonment of free blacks in the South after the mid-1870s. It is important to see this not only as the abandonment of the ex-slaves of the South. It is difficult to pull away the subsequent history to realize that it was entirely possible in the aftermath of the Civil War that the US would be condemned to perpetual warfare, insurrection and foreign intervention. But if the opposite, the United States that went on to become a global superpower, is what was gained it was gained at a terrible price and a price paid more or less solely by black citizens.
However one judges that past, knowing its full history leaves no reason or rationale for continuing the valorization of Lee. They were a traitor and a traitor in a terrible cause. That is their only mark on American history. Whether they were a personal gentle man, nice to their pets or a decent field general hardly matters.
Even this though leaves the full squalidness of Lee's legacy not quite told. There is the Lee of the Civil War and then the mythic Lee of later decades. Today the battle over Lee's legacy is mainly played out over the various statues of Lee which still stand across the South. The notional focus on this weekend's tragic events in Charlottesville was a protest over plans to remove a Lee statue. But those statues don't date to the Civil War, the years just after the Civil War. In most cases they date to decades later.
The historical chronology is important to understand. Reconstruction is generally dated from 1865 to 1877 when the federal government withdrew federal troops and allowed the restoration of so-called ‘home rule' in the South. But black political power and biracial political coalitions didn't disappear overnight. Though the sheet anchor protecting black citizenship was withdrawn, it took the better part of a generation for what we now recognize as the Jim Crow system to be firmly entrenched throughout the South. To note but one example, the judicial cornerstone of Jim Crow, ‘separate but equal', only became the law of the land with Plessy v Ferguson in 1896.
That statuary which is only beginning to come down in our day dates largely from this era and constituted a celebration and affirmation of this victory. Not the victory of the Civil War, which was of course a defeat but the sectional victory to define the post-war settlement.
Consider some dates: Lee Circle in New Orleans, 1884; Lee Statue on Monument Avenue, Richmond, Virginia, 1890; Robert E. Lee Monument (Marianna, Arkansas), 1910; the Robert Edward Lee sculpture in Emancipation Park, Charlottesville, Virginia, commissioned 1917, erected 1924. All of these statues date not from the Civil War Era but from the decades of the establishment of Jim Crow, to celebrate the South's ability to establish an apartheid system on the ruins of the Antebellum slave South. A statue of Lee in uniform, mounted on a horse in a southern town square has only ever had one meaning: white supremacy. These statues didn't come to be associated with racism and Jim Crow only after the Civil War had receded into memory. They were created, from the start, to mark and celebrate the foundations of Jim Crow, uncontested white rule. More mythically, but to the same end, they were built to glorify a vision of the South in which their black citizens had no place.
It has always been a canard that anyone is banishing history with these changes. But public memory isn't simply history. It is a public recitation, often written onto the landscape, about what we revere and what we regret about who we are and what we come from. None of this is to say that Lee's battles aren't of interest. Nor is it to say what Lee was like as a private person. But neither is why they are celebrated in cast metal statuary across the South. There's one reason. And by any measure for us today it is a bad reason. It is not even close.
An illegal west-end pot shop has not let a recent string of robberies run it out of business.
The CannaGreen shop at 102 McEwen Ave., off Richmond Road, was robbed for the third time in two months this past weekend. Late Monday morning, the front glass door of the business remained shattered, evidence of a Saturday night smash and grab.
The vandalized door was propped open, allowing for the scent of pot to emanate from the store that appeared to have patrons coming and going. Two employees — one behind a glass display case and the other behind a wall with a service window where customers receive product from the back room — would not comment on the incident.
“We can't really say anything, because we don't know much,” said one employee.
Ottawa police Staff Sgt. Mike Haarbosch of the robbery unit said a passerby reported the latest incident to police Sunday. Haarbosch confirmed the suspects took “various product.”
“There may be some (marijuana product) that was locked up, but there were display cases that certainly were cleaned out; those were emptied. … I can't really give you an idea of what exactly was taken, which is part of the ongoing issue. Sometimes it's a struggle to get information out of these places.”
This is the third time this shop has been robbed in the past month. On Saturday, June 17, around 9 p.m., an employee was working when several young men rushed into the store. The staffer, who didn't want to be identified, said they immediately assumed they were robbers and ran out the back door. The same employee told police the store was also robbed a day earlier, when they were not on duty.
CannaGreen is one of a string of affiliated shops that have popped up in Ottawa run by a B.C.-based outfit. Two of the shops, Herbal Leaf on Bank Street and Trees on Montreal Road, recently closed.
Pot shops are illegal, but have proliferated in advance of the federal government's promised legalization of marijuana. People with documentation from their health-care providers can legally buy, and receive through the mail, medicinal cannabis from 52 producers licensed by Health Canada.
LONDON (Sputnik) - Leader of the UK Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn supported a proposal to announce a public holiday if England win the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Corbyn's official representative said on Wednesday.
"We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I think it is the case that Jeremy believes that if England were to win the World Cup there should be a public bank holiday in celebration," the representative told journalists.
Shadow First Secretary of State Emily Thornberry was the first to propose declaring a public holiday if the English national team were to win the tournament.
© Sputnik / Gregory Sysoev FIFA World Cup 2018, Round of 16, Colombia - England, July 3, Spartak Arena in Moscow
© Sputnik / Maud Start Outnumbered: England Fans Left Ticketless Outside Spartak Stadium
"The World Cup is a very special international competition. It's something that brings people together on a very large scale and we need recognition of that and recognition of the importance of football in the country," the representative added.
England beat Colombia 4-3 on penalties in Moscow on Tuesday, after the teams drew 1-1 in extra time. England will now face Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
Earlier, UK officials and members of the royal family refused to attend this summer's FIFA World Cup in Russia.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup kicked off on June 14 and will continue until July 15, with the matches being played in 11 cities across Russia.
More Videos 3:15 Cyclist forgives driver who hit, almost paralyzed them Pause 1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward? 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center 1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense 3:11 Game preview: Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas 2:15 Josh Kendall: The good news, bad news from USC's 3-1 start Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Commercial: Barney Smith's Toilet Seat Art Museum Here's a look at a a Clorox commercial featuring Barney Smith, a 96-year-old man who has more than 1,000 uniquely decorated toilet seats. Here's a look at a a Clorox commercial featuring Barney Smith, a 96-year-old man who has more than 1,000 uniquely decorated toilet seats. Clorox
Here's a look at a a Clorox commercial featuring Barney Smith, a 96-year-old man who has more than 1,000 uniquely decorated toilet seats. Clorox
WASHINGTON (AP) — In a story Feb. 14 about House Democrats' efforts to obtain President Donald Trump's tax returns from the IRS, The Associated Press reported erroneously that Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York is a Republican.  They are a Democrat.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Republicans block Dem effort to get Trump's tax returns
House Republicans have blocked an attempt by Democrats to use an obscure law to obtain President Donald Trump's tax returns from the IRS
By STEPHEN OHLEMACHER
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) – House Republicans on Tuesday blocked an attempt by Democrats to use an obscure law to obtain President Donald Trump's tax returns from the IRS.
Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee tried to frame the issue as a matter of national security. They questioned whether Trump has any investments in Russia.
Trump has said they have no investments in Russia, and Democrats acknowledged that have no evidence otherwise. That's why they want Trump's returns, said Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y.
The move came a day after Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign over conversations they had with Russian officials before Trump took office.
“People are concerned about Michael Flynn putting themselves in a position to be blackmailed. What position is the president in?” asked Crowley. “Our national security is at risk.”
The Ways and Means Committee has legal authority to obtain confidential tax records. The committee could then vote to make them public.
On Tuesday, committee Democrats tried to amend a routine annual oversight plan to insert a provision that called for obtaining Trump's tax returns. Republicans blocked it on a straight party-line vote, 23-15.
Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, said the panel should only use its power to ensure that tax laws are being administered properly – not to investigate the president.
“As chairperson of this committee I will not allow Washington to return to the bad old days when government officials used their powers to intimidate, harass and destroy their political enemies,” Brady said. “If Congress uses its power to rummage around the president's tax returns for political purposes, what's prevents it from doing the same to average Americans?”
Most famously, former President Richard Nixon was accused in their articles of impeachment of illegally obtaining tax records of their political enemies, and of ordering audits. Since then, federal law was changed so that neither the president nor the IRS commissioner can single out an individual for an audit.
Shunning decades of tradition, Trump has steadfastly refused to release their tax returns or to divest from their business. Instead, Trump said they have turned operation of their business over to their sons, while still retaining their stake.
Democrats tried to make Trump's taxes an issue during the presidential election, questioning their wealth and whether they generously donate to charity, as they claim. After the election, the head of the Office of Government Ethics scolded Trump for not divesting from their business, saying it is the only way to avoid conflicts of interest.
Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway has said people don't care about the president's taxes.
Trump's tax returns would reveal a trove of information about their business dealings and their sources of income. They wouldn't show their overall net worth. But they would show their annual income and where it came from.
“No one on this committee can say for sure that Trump doesn't have investments in Russia,” said Rep. Bill Pascrell Jr., D-N.J. “We don't know.”
Pascrell promised to raise the issue “over and over and over again.”
“I'm good at that,” they said.
—
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
Comments
comments
Alexa has made another move into home entertainment with the launch of When In Rome, a board game that's powered by Amazon's digital assistant.
Alexa will teach you how to play the game, keep score and is the overall host, while the board game plays out as you travel around 20 cities across the globe. It's here that your Amazon Echo will play its part, giving you dialogue from a local, who gives you information, asks questions and keeps the game moving forward.
The aim is to travel, learn and collect souvenirs and upgrades as you go, all wrapped up in Alexa-powered fun.
When In Rome is one of Amazon's Prime Day Launches, available exclusively through Amazon and for Prime members only - although we're not sure how long it will be before it appears in other retailers.
See When In Rome on Amazon UK or Amazon US
When In Rome joins a range of other games that Alexa has mastered recently, with Amazon announcing its own Echo Buttons to give an extra degree of interactivity with games like Trivial Pursuit joining the fun.
There are plenty of voice-only games too, such as Skyrim - at first thought to be a joke at gaming conference E3, it appears that was perfectly real too.
Amazon Prime Day is officially scheduled for 16-17 July, promising 36 hours of discounted online shopping for Amazon Prime members. If you're not a member, be sure to sign up for a 30-day free trial to get in on the action.
Don't forget to order When In Rome too.
Police are asking the public to be on alert after a man was seen approaching children near a school in Rockland, Ont. and asking if they wanted to accompany them home to see gingerbread houses.
Police received a complaint about a suspicious man seen on Dec. 7 around 2:25 p.m. talking to kids walking home from a school in Rockland, about 40 kilometres east of Ottawa.
One of the children they talked to ran away, and the man did not engage in pursuit.
 They are described as between five foot eight and six feet tall, with a medium build and a deep voice. They were wearing an all-black outfit comprised of a toque, balaclava, leather jacket, “magic” mitts, and pant tights resembling leggings or jogging pants, tucked into lace-up boots almost to the knee. They were carrying a black garbage bag.
Witnesses are asked to contact Russell County OPP at 613-443-4499 or OPP Communication Centre at 1-888-310-1122.
Aston Martin has a new flagship beast, which should go on sale in the United States in the fourth quarter of the year. The $304,995 DBS Superleggera resurrects both the DBS and Superleggera illustrious names from the past, and brings a biturbo V12 to the GT segment.
While we don't have evidence that Aston Martin is already cooking up additional versions of its new flagship, it's logical that the British automaker will add more body styles to the vehicle's range. A Volante convertible is a must and it will probably make its premiere sometime next year, judging by the debut time frame of the Vanquish and Vanquish Volante, which were revealed in 2012 and 2013 respectively. Only time will tell what other variants Aston Martin will develop.
However, talented automotive designer Nikita Aksyonov leaves nothing to the imagination with this new series of renderings. All five virtual cars you can discover by clicking the Next button above are based on official images of the DBS Superleggera, and present potential new members of the GT's family. Enjoy!
Source: Nikita Aksyonov on Behance
ERIE, Pa. (AP) - Authorities say a woman who admitted hitting, cutting and sitting on their boyfriend during a deadly dispute may soon be facing more serious charges.
Erie police say 44-year-old city resident Windi Thomas now faces two counts of aggravated assault, along with charges of possessing instruments of crime and recklessly endangering another person.
Keeno Butler's death is being investigated as a homicide, although a cause of death hasn't yet been determined. Once that ruling is made, authorities will decide if more serious charges are warranted.
Authorities say Thomas told a 911 dispatcher they killed Butler in their apartment early Sunday, striking them several times with a table leg and cutting them with a knife.
Bail was set at $150,000 for Thomas. It wasn't known Monday if she's retained an attorney.
1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline Pause
4:08 One year after deadly SC flooding, see how the dams failed across the Midlands
1:48 Man accused of chaining woman has Facebook posts about missing people, moving large amounts of gravel
9:14 Sheriff and coroner share update on Todd Kohlhepp case
0:57 Woodruff woman said they almost dated suspect who allegedly chained woman to storage container
1:30 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
5:56 Surviving an active shooter situation using 'Run. Hide Fight.'
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) – A week of investor panic ended with the Dow Jones Industrial Average closing down 665 points on Friday, the biggest point decline since the 2008 financial crisis, the New York Stock Exchanges reported.
Friday's plunge knocked the Dow to 25,520.96, a more than 2.5 percent loss from the previous session. Both the Dow and Standard & Poor's index of 500 stocks suffered their biggest weekly drops since early 2016, roughly 4% each.
Analysts cited fears of impending interest rate increases by the US Federal Reserve Board to calm an overheated economy, as well as the threat of inflation, with US economic growth at its highest level since prior to the Great Recession of 2008.
© Photo: Pixabay Stronger US Core Inflation Suggests Fed Rate Hike in March
The sharp sell-off followed weeks in which major stock indexes set new records, almost on a daily basis.
Meanwhile, the US benchmark interest rate will likely remain in the range of 1.25 to 1.5 percent, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) said in a statement on Wednesday.
"In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 1-1/4 to 1‑1/2 percent," the FOMC said.
The Fed also indicated earlier that it would continue its policy of gradually tightening monetary policy in 2018.
April 28Guangdong Taiantang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 H1 to increase by 30 percent to 45 percent, or to be 111.9 million yuan to 124.8 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 H1 (86.1 million yuan)
* Says increased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/XfwmGq
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FORT WORTH – Investigators are searching for a suspect who assaulted a 13-year-old student of International Newcomer Academy while they were walking to their school bus on April 19. She's still in critical condition at Cook Children's Medical Center.
The assault happened near the bus stop of Calmont Drive and Laredo Drive in the Las Vegas Trail in Fort Worth.
Police released a photo and video of a person of interest during a new conference on Tuesday, believing they may have been in the immediate vicinity and seen or heard something during the incident. Officials are seeking to find them for an interview.
The person of interest is described as a white male, estimated to be 5'8″ to 5'10”, approximately 200 pounds. They have medium length dark hair and a thin beard/mustache, last seen wearing a gray shirt, black pullover sweatshirt, dark baseball cap worn backwards and a dark colored backpack.
The Fort Worth Police Department asks that anyone with any information on the person of interested call 817-392-4430, or if you wish to stay anonymous, call CrimeStoppers at 817-469-TIPS (8477).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COPE, Colo. — A farmer feels grateful to be alive after they were forced to lay in a ditch when they found themselves surrounded by three tornadoes Monday.
Aaron Brown told KDVR they were out finishing work in their field near Cope, on the eastern plains of Colorado, when they saw the weather around them take a turn.
“The storm was coming up pretty quick,” said Brown.
“It was pretty intense.” This farmer says they were surrounded by tornados yesterday when their truck got stuck in the sand. They and three other people hid in a ditch as they watched tornados touch down around him. They spotted three total — two are in this video they shared with us. #KDVR pic.twitter.com/oxtRD337to — Emily Allen FOX31 (@EmilyAReports) May 29, 2018
Brown and three others tried to drive to safety, but their truck was stuck in the sand in the field. They watched as a tornado touched down in front of him. They turned around to see two more tornadoes on the other side of their truck. The group of four ran to a dry river bank because it was the lowest and safest place they could get to.
“It was pretty intense. I was pretty scared,” said Brown.
Eventually, the threat passed, and Brown and their crew walked away unscathed.
“God is good. That's all I can say. We were very lucky and blessed,” said Brown.
In Cope, the Hill's garage was destroyed during the severe storm. The Hill family was in Greeley when it hit and they found out the extent of the damage when a neighbor called to alert them that their garage was pressed against their house.
“We are cleaning up, hoping to rebuild. See what the insurance says and go from there,” said Linda Hill.
On Monday, they spent the day cleaning up and sorting through the debris.
“Very overwhelming,” said Linda Hill.
The National Weather Service said there were 14 tornadoes reported between 5 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. in Colorado. The experts were working to confirm the actual number of tornadoes that formed during the severe weather outbreak.
BOONVILLE — The members of the Starmount High School Class of 2018 accepted their diplomas on Thursday at the school gymnasium. The commencement ceremony began with an invocation given by senior Maggie Freed.
Seniors Bethany Brown, Sierra Casstevens, Mayson Foster and Cherith McCullagh also addressed their classmates during the ceremony.
Yadkin County Schools Superintendent Dr. Todd Martin also spoke briefly. Martin told the Class of 2018 that the day would be one they would remember for years to come.
They encouraged the students to remember all those who had helped them along the way.
There were 141 students in the graduating class, many of them wearing honor cords representing National Honor Society, volunteer work with the Red Cross and other honors. Five of the seniors have plans to join the armed services, 29 students will join the workforce and 107 plans to attend a two- or four-year college. The class has earned a combined $1.3 million in scholarships.
Each year several of the seniors of Starmount High School also are recognized with special awards by the staff and Principal Cody Hemric.
This year honorees for the William H. Danforth “I Dare You!” Award were Christopher Gregory and Elizabeth Pozo. Jonathan Pineda and Katelyn Saner received the Citizenship Award. Best All Around was presented to Landon Baity and Maggie Freed.
“This year's senior class is an outstanding group of young men and young women. The staff is extremely proud of their accomplishments. I know they will continue to achieve tremendous things in all their endeavors,” Hemric said.
Prior to the presentation of awards and diplomas, the Starmount Concert Choir, including several senior members, sang, “I've Had the Time of My Life.”
Kitsey Burns Harrison may be reached at 336-679-2341 or on Twitter and Instagram @RippleReporterK.
Starmount High School seniors file into the school gymnasium one last time for the commencement ceremony. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_1.jpg Starmount High School seniors file into the school gymnasium one last time for the commencement ceremony. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple The 2018 Starmount High School commencement ceremony begins with the singing of the national anthem. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_2.jpg The 2018 Starmount High School commencement ceremony begins with the singing of the national anthem. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Senior Maggie Freed gives the invocation at the 2018 commencement ceremony. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_3.jpg Senior Maggie Freed gives the invocation at the 2018 commencement ceremony. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Yadkin County Schools Superintendent Dr. Todd Martin addresses the Starmount High School Class of 2018. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_4.jpg Yadkin County Schools Superintendent Dr. Todd Martin addresses the Starmount High School Class of 2018. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Bethany Brown welcomes their classmates and attendees to the 2018 graduation ceremony at Starmount High School. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_5.jpg Bethany Brown welcomes their classmates and attendees to the 2018 graduation ceremony at Starmount High School. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Senior Sierra Casstevens shares the honors with which the Class of 2018 has been recognized. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_6.jpg Senior Sierra Casstevens shares the honors with which the Class of 2018 has been recognized. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Mayson Foster speaks to their fellow classmates at the 2018 graduation ceremony at Starmount High School. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_8.jpg Mayson Foster speaks to their fellow classmates at the 2018 graduation ceremony at Starmount High School. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple The Starmount Concert Choir performs “I've Had the Time of My Life.” https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_9.jpg The Starmount Concert Choir performs “I've Had the Time of My Life.” Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Cherith McCullagh speaks about the future for the Starmount Class of 2018. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_10.jpg Cherith McCullagh speaks about the future for the Starmount Class of 2018. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_11.jpg Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_12.jpg Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_starmount_13.jpg Principal Cody Hemric presents special awards to students of the graduation class. Kitsey Burns Harrison | Yadkin Ripple
Hawaii Island police are searching for an 8-year-old boy last seen in the Puna District.
Police say Ezra Mecham was last seen wearing a red Pahoa school shirt, gray pants and slippers near Paradise Drive.
 They are described as 4-feet tall with black hair, weighing about 65 lbs.
The details surrounding their disappearance are unclear at this time.
Hawaii News Now reached out to the Hawaii Police Department for more information.
This is a breaking story. Please check back for updates.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
West Ham United captain Mark Noble is expected to play in Saturday's game against relegation-threatened Hull City but midfielder Michail Antonio is yet to recover from a hamstring injury, manager Slaven Bilic said on Thursday.
Noble, who has missed only six of the club's 37 fixtures this season, sustained a leg injury against Chelsea that was aggravated during the following game against Bournemouth. The injury kept them out of this month's 3-2 loss to Leicester City.
"Noble has been out but he's been training and he's back to be in the squad for the Hull City game," Bilic told reporters.
Antonio, the club's top scorer with nine goals, has been ruled out of the Hull game after suffering a hamstring injury against Leicester while fellow striker Diafra Sakho has returned to training after four months out with a back injury.
Bilic did not pay heed to media reports suggesting West Ham are looking to change managers at the end of the season, with Reading boss Jaap Stam touted as their successor.
"Personally, my head is clear and I still have a job to do here. I am still very motivated," the former Croatia manager said.
West Ham, 12th in the table, will hope to end a three-game winless run when they travel to face 18th-placed Hull.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
A Tennessee man is hoping to catch President Trump's attention this weekend and raise awareness about a safety issue that changed their family forever. Steve Eimers paid $1,000 to run a message in West Palm Beach during the Super Bowl with the hope that the president is watching from their Mar-a-Lago resort, reports CBS News correspondent Kris Van Cleave.
Eimers' 17-year-old daughter Hannah was killed when they struck an X-LITE guardrail in Tennessee in 2016.
"It was worth taking that shot to see if maybe the president will see this," they said.
Instead of collapsing on itself – as the devices is meant to – police say the rail acted as a spear, penetrating the driver's door, hitting Hannah in the chest and head.
"Nothing prepares you to be the parent of a dead child. And to discover that, well one, the nature of this accident was horrific," Eimers said.
At least 13 deaths nationally may involve X-LITE guardrails including a crash in Tennessee that killed 69-year-old Wilbert Byrd and a 59-year-old man in Missouri. Eimers says federal regulators have been slow to act.
"It's one thing to lose your child to an innocent accident but we lost our daughter to a defective product. And to see the Federal Highway Administration be this dismissive it is – it's insulting," Eimers said.
The Federal Highway Administration says safety is the top priority and points to new, more stringent safety criteria that went into effect in January. But lawsuits claim there are more than 14,000 X-LITE's on U.S. roads nationwide
Since Hannah's death, Tennessee has begun removing its guardrails, complaining of "installation deficiencies." Ten other states now say they too will get rid of the X-LITEs.
In a statement to CBS News, Lindsay Transportation Solutions said the "X-LITE has successfully passed crash and safety tests in accordance with federal standards" and noteed no road safety equipment can prevent injury in every crash scenario.
“Too much traffic on the roads to clear the snow”
11/12/17 - Flanders isn't used to heavy snowfall like on Monday. Many drivers set out to brave the elements. Veva Daniels of the Roads Agency explains that snowploughs had to wait until there were fewer vehicles on the road before clearing the snow.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
“Too much traffic on the roads to clear the snow”
11/12/17 - Flanders isn't used to heavy snowfall like on Monday. Many drivers set out to brave the elements. Veva Daniels of the Roads Agency explains that snowploughs had to wait until there were fewer vehicles on the road before clearing the snow.
May 2 Shopify Inc
* Shopify announces first-quarter 2017 financial results
* Shopify Inc - total revenue in Q1 was $127.4 million, a 75% increase from comparable quarter in 2016
* Q1 loss per share C$0.15
* Q1 adjusted loss per share C$0.04
* Sees FY 2017 revenue C$615 million to C$630 million
* Sees Q2 2017 revenue C$142 million to C$144 million
* Shopify INC sees full year 2017 GAAP operating loss in range of $69 million to $73 million
* Sees GAAP operating loss in range of $18 million to $20 million for q2
* Shopify inc sees full year adjusted operating loss in range of $14 million to $18 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.10, revenue view $121.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $-0.07, revenue view $137.0 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $-0.18, revenue view $600.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephen Tucker Ripper, 56, of Byron Street, Macclesfield, admitted three charges of breaching a restraining order. They were given a conditional discharge for 12 months.
Oliver James Postlewhite, 36, of Wiltshire Walk, Macclesfield, admitted theft of alcohol from the Co-op. They were fined £120.
David Terrance Alan Brooks, 28, of Cornbrook Road, Macclesfield, admitted assault. They were fined £180.
Paul Collins, 35, of Beech Lane, Macclesfield, admitted two charge of theft: of alcohol and groceries from Tesco, and brandy from M&S. They were sentenced to six weeks in prison suspended for 12 months.
Dominic De Riso, 43, of Westward Road, Chester, admitted harassment in Macclesfield. They were fined £400 and given a restraining order. They must also pay the victim £100 compensation.
Phillip Peter Dunne, 27, of Pennine Court, Macclesfield, admitted drug driving, and driving without a licence or insurance. They were fined £120 and banned for 15 months.
Steven Paul Heavens, 33, of Eaton Lane, Macclesfield, admitted harasmment. They as bailed for sentence on April 19.
John Francis Grange, 57, of Holly Road, Macclesfield, admitted criminal damage. They were fined £400 and ordered to pay £500 compensation.
Samantha Whyke, 22, of Water Street, has been served an order for the destruction of a pit bull dog called Kya. The court ordered that the dog will be destroyed unless an exemption is obtained in two months.
Ryan Lafferty, 24, of Pennine Court, Macclesfield, admitted theft of wine from M&S. They were given a 12 month conditional discharge.
Richard James John Cooke, 34, of Brocklehurst Avenue, admitted assault and obstructing a police constable. They were given a community order with 24 days Building Better Relationships programme. They were also fined £810 and order to pay the PC £50 compensation.
Craig Roy John Heywood, 42, of no fixed abode, admitted theft of alcohol from Tesco in Macclesfield and breaching the terms of a suspended sentence. They were sentenced to six weeks in prison.
Adam Lee William, 25, of Micawber Road, Poynton, admitted theft of vodka in Macclesfield and five charges of theft from the Co-op. They were given a community order with 80 hours unpaid work.
Warren Gilson, 25, of Rowe Street, Macclesfield, admitted theft from Tesco in Macclesfield and breaching a court order received for stealing a charity box from the Royal British Legion. They were given a six-week curfew.
Peter Edwards, 35, of Primrose Avenue, Macclesfield, admitted using threatening, abusive words or behaviour. They were fined £40.
Maurice Lloyd Waul, 35, of Brook Street, Macclesfield, admitted possession of cocaine, drug driving and driving without a licence or insurance. They were fined £600 and was banned for four years.
Christopher Thomas Ian Couper, 30, of Tynedale Close, Macclesfield, admitted assault and criminal damage. They were bailed for a hearing on April 20.
Christopher Anthony Bailey, 30, of Suffolk Close, Macclesfield, admitted assault. They were given a curfew for 12 weeks and ordered to pay £100 compensation.
Sean James Keith Hamand, 18, of Fir Street, St Helens, admitted criminal damage and assaulting a police constable in Macclesfield, and was found guilty of assault. They were bailed for sentencing on May 3.
From the Aberdeen Police Department:
The Aberdeen Police Department is currently investigating a kidnapping/strong-armed robbery that occurred on May 29, 2018 at 645 S. Philadelphia Blvd.
The incident began when two male suspects in the Walmart Parking lot approached an elderly female victim. The suspects told the victim to get in their car and once inside, told the victim to drive them to various banks and ATM machines throughout Harford County. Blanket threats were made toward the victim that coerced them to cooperate and as a result, they turned over an undisclosed amount of money to them.
Investigators believe the two suspects are a part of an organized retail fraud group that frequently target the elderly community. If anyone knows the identity of this suspect please contact Sgt. Thaddeus Tomlinson with the Aberdeen Police Department's Criminal Investigations Division at 410-272-2121.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Arizona Diamondbacks coach Ariel Prieto says it was a mistake for them to wear an Apple Watch in the dugout during the NL wild-card game against Colorado.
Prieto told reporters on Thursday that they didn't use the watch for any illicit purpose and that it was on “airplane mode” during the game, a setting that shuts off any of the watch's communication abilities. The former big league pitcher is an extra coach who also serves as interpreter for the Diamondbacks.
Last month, the Boston Red Sox were fined by Major League Baseball for using an Apple Watch to relay signs to hitters.
Prieto said they know having the phone during the game violated MLB's rules. They said they apologized to manager Torey Lovullo and volunteered to turn the phone over to MLB officials.
“It was just an honest mistake,” Lovullo said. “We asked, found out, and talked to Ariel, and that's what they told us. And in no way did it impact the game, and in no way is it going to impact the game tomorrow. It's just not something we do or believe in.”
MLB spokesperson Michael Teevan said the commissioner's office is looking into the matter. Lovullo said Arizona is cooperating.
The Diamondbacks beat Colorado 11-8 Wednesday night and Prieto was shown wearing the watch during the game's telecast. Arizona opens the NL Division Series on Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
In their weekly City Hall Update, Quincy Mayor Thomas Koch responds to the guilty verdict in the federal fraud case against suspended Police Lt. Thomas Corliss, reflects on the recent Flag Day Parade and graduation ceremonies, and chats about the beginning of construction on the Hancock Adams Green in Quincy Center.
Hundreds Expected To Cross Mackinac Bridge In Jeep The MacHundreds of Jeeps are expected to cross the Mackinac Bridge in the second annual Jeep the Mac.
Ford Recalling 53,000 Trucks That Can Roll Away While ParkedDealers will also replace the defective part for free, but Ford doesn't have the replacement parts yet. It will notify owners when the parts are available.
Q&A: Change To Fuel Economy Standards Could Impact ConsumersPresident Trump wants automakers to expand production in the U.S. and hire more workers. In exchange, they have promised to cut regulations and taxes.
Trump Announces Plan To Re-Examine Fuel Economy Standards"The era for the economic surrender for the United States is over, it's over," Trump told the crowd.
[India], December 11 (ANI): The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed a plea filed by Pradyuman's father Varun Thakur seeking cancellation of the interim bail granted to Pinto family, the owners of Ryan International School, in connection with the murder of their son.
Thakur had filed a petition in the apex court after the Punjab and Haryana High Court granted an anticipatory bail to the Pinto family in a November 21 hearing.
Justice Surender Gupta, who was presiding over the case in the High Court, barred the family from leaving the country without permission and directed them to extend their help in the investigation.
On September 8, Pradyuman was found in a pool of blood with their throat slit inside the school, sparking a public outcry following which the Gurugram Police arrested bus conductor Ashok, accusing them of killing the seven-year-old student. However, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is now probing the matter, gave them a clean chit and held a class 11 student of the school responsible for the murder. Pradyuman's family have alleged the Pinto family to be complicit in the crime. (ANI)
After Sunday's Teen Wolf, there's no point denying it anymore: “Scalia” is happening.
Even if we hadn't already seen footage of Tyler Posey and Shelley Hennig's characters sharing a shower in the trailer for Season 6B, it was impossible to overlook the brief spark they ignited towards the end of Sunday's episode, laying the groundwork for something more.
During a tense moment, while Malia was attempting to take away Scott's pain, they assured them that Stiles (aka their ex-boyfriend and their best friend) would be OK with them. Unfortunately, they passed out before they got a chance to explain what they meant by that.
“I was hesitant to do it at first,” executive producer Jeff Davis admits to TVLine. “We actually tested the waters between them in a scene in Episode 609. [Tyler and Shelley] were both up for the challenge.”
Davis knows there will be fans who oppose the new ‘ship, perhaps wishing that Scott and Malia could each reconnect with characters they've previously dated. To that, they say:
“The idea of there being one true love for everyone is nice, but it's not realistic. Things happen in life that bring people together in unexpected ways. We're big fans of going for the unexpected.”
What say you, Teen Wolf fans? Are you excited to see where things go between Scott and Malia? Drop your thoughts in a comment below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa-- An Iowa truck driver had to leave their truck - and their puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, they got their beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving their four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in theirs truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost them last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says they feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick them up and reunite the truck driver with theirs puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with their faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
Comedians are mourning Ralphie May after the comedian died from cardiac arrest on Friday morning.
“Ralphie had been battling pneumonia and had canceled a handful of dates over the last month in an effort to recover,” May's manager said in a statement. “Earlier this morning at a private residence in Las Vegas their body was discovered, cause of death is cardiac arrest.”
“Two days ago they won the Casino Comedian of the Year at the Global Gaming Expo and had performances throughout the remainder of 2017 as part of their residency at Harrah's Las Vegas,” their manager continued.
Stars including Chris Rock, Bob Saget, Dane Cook and more shared their memories of the late comedian on social media.
“Oh man fellow comedian and friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy. RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there,” wrote Larry the Cable Guy in a series of tweets about May's death.
“Ralphie was one of the first people to congratulate me when I started filming blue collar tv. I'll miss knowing he's not out there anymore,” they added. “Thanks for your kindness, Ralphie.”
Oh man fellow comedian and friend Ralphie May just died. So crazy. RIP Ralphie. You my friend were one of the nicest and kindest out there. — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
Ralphie was one of the first people to congratulate me when I started filming blue collar tv. I'll miss knowing he's not out there anymore. — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
Thanks for your kindness Ralphie. pic.twitter.com/RPQSbJ9jWP — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
So sad such a funny guy. My fellow Comics the road is rough . Don't let it get the best of you. A post shared by Chris Rock (@chrisrock) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:40pm PDT
I love you RALPHIE MAY Realest dude I've ever met.#justcorrect — Jay Mohr (@jaymohr37) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May. Dammit. You were a funny and sweet mofo man. Rest In Peace. — bob saget (@bobsaget) October 6, 2017
I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralfie May. They were a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children. RIP😞 pic.twitter.com/nGsq63xN0c — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) October 6, 2017
Thanks for your kindness Ralphie. pic.twitter.com/RPQSbJ9jWP — Larry The Cable Guy (@GitRDoneLarry) October 6, 2017
I love you @Ralphie_May rest in paradise my friend. Thank you for giving me my first break in hollywood. — Jo Koy (@Jokoy) October 6, 2017
Ralphie died. Honestly one one the most naturally funny, biting, comics I have seen. Good dude. Sad when that many funny ends. RIP Big Man. — Christopher Titus (@TitusNation) October 6, 2017
NO! #RalphieMay was such a nice guy! Last time we talked backstage at @zaniesnashville I promised to put them in the Jay/Bob movie. Dammit… https://t.co/zrljotClGr — KevinSmith (@ThatKevinSmith) October 6, 2017
Sad to hear of the passing of Comedian @Ralphie_May
They were always funny with their break out on Last Comic Standing.#RIPRalphieMay https://t.co/q5mpIHEMQo — Brian O'Halloran (@BrianCOHalloran) October 6, 2017
Rest In Peace to the always hilarious Ralphie May. 🙏🏽 pic.twitter.com/fgp3NgYa8i — Shaun Latham (@ShaunLatham) October 6, 2017
RIP Ralphie May. Had the pleasure of working with you when I first started. Such a funny guy. Such a terrible month. — Drew Lynch (@TheDrewLynch) October 6, 2017
Ralphie May was a great and funny dude. They were a real headliner. Tough to hear of their passing. Praying for their family. #RIPRalphie — Nate Bargatze (@natebargatze) October 6, 2017
Damnit @Ralphie_May ! I'm so sad right now. Such a great guy. Rest well, friend. 😢😢😢 — Damon Wayans Yunior? (@wayansjr) October 6, 2017
I'm at a loss for words to hear about the passing of comedian Ralfie May. They were a friend to many and a father of 2 beautiful children. RIP😞 pic.twitter.com/nGsq63xN0c — Gabriel Iglesias (@fluffyguy) October 6, 2017
Whoa… man.. this sucks. Ralphie was a good guy & a very funny person. Condolences to their family & fans. https://t.co/M9s6bneAeA — Dane Cook (@DaneCook) October 6, 2017
It has been a very sad week indeed. Funny mofo #RalphieMay You will be sorely missed! #standup #comedy pic.twitter.com/vVCOO0NBMw — Chris Kattan (@ChrisKattan) October 6, 2017
Damn. RIP Ralphie May. Comic warrior. — marc maron (@marcmaron) October 6, 2017
.@Ralphie_May helped get me in @TheLaughFactory. They didn't know me at all and after they saw my set they told Jamie Masada to have me onboard. — Ken Jeong (@kenjeong) October 6, 2017
May competed in the first season of Last Comic Standing in 2003, finishing in second place. The comedian went on to record multiple comedy specials for Comedy Central and Netflix, including Girth of a Nation.
May and their wife, comedian Lahna Turner, filed for divorce in 2015. The couple had two children, daughter April June, 10, and 8-year-old son August James.
Wind Advisory issued February 14 at 3:35PM MST expiring February 16 at 5:00AM MST in effect for: Union
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 2:31AM MST expiring February 15 at 2:31AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 1:36AM MST expiring February 15 at 1:36AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 14 at 12:46AM MST expiring February 15 at 12:46AM MST in effect for: Elko
Flood Warning issued February 13 at 12:07AM MST expiring February 14 at 11:00PM MST in effect for: Elko
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
NEWPORT, R.I. – In an effort to provide quicker access to Newport, and to relieve traffic backups on the bridge, the Pell Bridge set to get a major facelift, officials say.
State legislators and RIDOT officials announced a plan on Monday to reconfigure the Pell Bridge off ramps into Newport.
The $40 million dollar project will alleviate traffic issues and jumpstart economic development, and will also help remap parts of Newport that were previously cut off.
"This is a very exciting day for Newport. This project will transform the North End, improving traffic flow and making much smarter use of the acreage now dedicated to a long highway ramp," Senate President Paiva Weed said. "The new traffic pattern will reduce congestion during the busy summer months, and the land made available through the project will be a catalyst for job creation and development that truly ties all of Newport together."
Lastly, the plan is going to include a bike path, rail shuttle service, and a 200 space "park and ride."
"The bridge realignment is the linchpin in moving the City's vision forward which will benefit the residents of Newport and the State of Rhode Island," Newport City Manager Joseph Nicholson said. "We are excited about the future."
Authorities say design planning has just begun and construction is set to start in 2019.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
The Austin Police Department is the public face of the investigation into the four bombings in the city this month. But behind the scenes the APD is getting help from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) and the FBI.
Alain Stephens, an investigative reporter with the Texas Standard, has been speaking on background with some ATF officials. KUT's Nathan Bernier talked with Stephens about how the agency investigates bombings.
KUT's Nathan Bernier talks with Texas Standard's Alain Stephens
The following transcript has been lightly edited for clarity.
____________________
Nathan Bernier: How does the ATF go about investigating this kind of thing?
Alain Stephens: The first thing that the ATF is going to do with any explosion is they're going to be concerned about secondary devices.
This is something that came up in the Department of Homeland Security back during the '90s where they found an emerging trend. What would happen in these explosions is first responders would show up and then somewhere on scene a secondary device would go off and hurt the first responders. They would find that first explosion would actually be a lure for those first responders to show up.
So, right now when they're having these explosions the first thing on the minds of law enforcement officials is to secure that scene and be on the lookout for these secondary devices. That's why it seems like they may be moving somewhat slowly and they're doing these lockdowns is because they're concerned about another explosive device on scene.
Bernier: Once they secure the scene and start looking at the blast, what kind of evidence are they gathering and what are they looking for?
Stephens: The first thing that many of these ATF sources ... [say] is in these investigations they're looking for what they call the "signature." The signature is the packaging, the trade craft, used to make these explosive devices. Most bombers go with what they know. You don't see a lot of different changes in the types of explosives. Typically, they'll use the same few types of explosive devices that they are comfortable with, that they've had a high success rate with. And that's what they kind of stick to.
The success rate is the other thing that they're looking for. If a bomber has the ability to get an explosive device to their target without having it detonate on them, if they're able to get the bomb to do what they want it to do, they call that the "success rate." And they look at that as well to see, "OK, this person seems like they know what they're doing."
And again, those are all kind of factors that help with their investigation.
Bernier: Right, because it seems like a pretty sophisticated device. Would it require a lot of skill to manufacture these kinds of bombs?
Stephens: A lot of people are very quick to point that this person must have some sort of military background, but ATF has told me this is not necessarily the case. They say that there's a lot of information online that can really help someone create one of these devices if they really wanted to do so.
Bernier: Is there a database they could use to try and link different bombings if they've happened in different parts of the country?
Stephens: So there actually is. Since 1976, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives have been tracking these explosive incidents. But in 2004, the Attorney General's office would create the Bomb and Arson Tracking System known as BATS. And this has about 400,000 documents, leads, patterns, trends of explosive devices that law enforcement from across the country interact with.
What they do with that is they look for trends. They say, "OK, if we saw a packaged bomb with a tripwire like this, does this kind of match something that maybe we've seen 10 years ago in another state?" And they use that to create leads and patterns.
This somewhat emerged from a bombing that occurred in 1989. A bomber killed a federal judge, Robert Smith Vance. What happened was they would find an intact explosive device. They diffused that device and a ATF analyst actually found out this device was similar to something they diffused 17 years prior. It was that information that would lead to the arrest of Walter Moody who was the bomber. So this is kind of how they operate when it comes to tracking down these leads with explosives.
Bernier: And how many investigations are they doing each year on explosive devices?
Stephens: There's an ATF report from 2016 – that's the most recent one tracking explosive incidents – and the 2016 report shows that there's about 699 explosive incidents. Now some of those do account for accidental explosions. They said that out of those 699 about 439 were bombings. That was an 11 percent increase from the year prior, which was 2015. But still those numbers were quite low and had been trending lower. In 2012, for instance, there's about 1,242 explosive incidents. We saw those numbers dip. There's also some other interesting information that they found out. One of those is that the main charge for a lot of these explosives is actually a pyrotechnic mixture, or fireworks.
Bernier: Really?
Stephens: Yes.
Bernier: So the most commonly used ingredients to cause the explosion is fireworks?
Stephens: Yes, that's what they were saying. They said that was overall, the most-used main charge for a lot of explosives.
Bernier: Are there any other investigative methods that the ATF might be using to try and locate this person or people?
Stephens: Yeah, as we mentioned before we were talking about success rates. When we see the explosion that hits a victim, this is typically not the first time this bomber has assembled an explosive device. One of the things that law enforcement is going to be doing is looking for possible test explosions in the area where a bomber may have created a device in preparation and gone out into the middle of nowhere and tested it. So they're going to be combing through all these calls and reports of explosions possibly in the surrounding area.
Bernier: Alain Stephens is an investigative reporter for the Texas Standard providing us some context on how the ATF goes about investigating these types of explosions.
Alain, thanks for your time.
Stephens: Thanks for having me.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
“It doesn't have to be to gain better accuracy. It doesn't have to be for hunting,” they said. “Yeah, it's a lot easier to get a lot of rounds downrange. People say, ‘That's too scary, you can't have that.' Well show me in the last seven years how many times a bump stock has been used illegally.”
LANIPUNA GARDENS, Hawaii – Allen Bertram built their Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago. When lava ravaged their neighborhood almost two weeks ago, they lost nearly everything.
“I look outside, I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour. I opened the door and it came inside the house,” Bertram said.
With only the clothes on their back, Allen says they grabbed their dog and quickly ran uphill to safety.
“We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor's mac nut orchard,” Bertram said.
Trapped by lava, the only way to their neighbor's was to scale over fences.
“I had to throw my dog over the fence but then they bit me and ran away,” Bertram said.
Their dog, missing. Bertram searched for shelter.
Over the next 12 days, they barricaded themselves in neighbor's garage, surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry.
“I was surrounded by lava, just hoping for the best,” they said.
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above, Bertram says they put out a distress signal he'd learned from a TV show.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag. I was praying that I was going to get rescued,” Bertram said.
Just this past Saturday, their prayers were answered.
Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air, lifting them to safety.
“Thank God… the best day of my life, very grateful to be alive,” they said.
Please join Big Brothers Big Sisters Hawai‘i at the Monster Mash Bowl for Kids' Sake presented by Alternate Energy at Aiea Bowl on Saturday, September 9th and 16th. We guarantee you and your employees will have a wicked good time at this year's Halloween-themed fundraising event! It only takes a couple of hours with opportunities for teams to bowl every three hours and it's a ton of fun with music, food, drinks, t-shirts, prizes, and contests. Be advised: hilarious team rivalries, outrageous costumes, and all levels of bowling skill (or lack thereof) are encouraged—and common.
Bowl for Kids' Sake is a nationwide Big Brothers Big Sisters fundraiser; our goal in Hawai‘i is to raise $300,000 to serve our island's at-risk youth with positive one-to-one mentoring programs. Last year more than 50 companies and 1,500 bowlers participated providing us the opportunity to match 1,332 Bigs and Littles! 100% of the monies raised stays here in Hawai‘i.
Companies can fund the entire sponsorship amount or employees can help raise funds through our Bowl for Kids' Sake website. Some companies do a combination of both! To become a sponsor or provide an in-kind donation please contact Mandy Trella at 808.695.4566. Thank you for your support and dedication to Hawai‘i's keiki.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
The tournament Pole Art Show International 2018 was held in Minsk, Belarus on April 22. Mesmerizing photographs of the performances demonstrate the strength, agility and beauty of the pole dancers.
Pole dancing is a combination of dance and acrobatics centered on a vertical pole. The performance art, which was previously popular only in strip clubs, is now gaining mainstream popularity and is practiced in dance studios and fitness clubs.
This form of dancing requires core strength, coordination and exotic moves all combined into one. Promoters of pole dancing are trying to change people's views, seeing it not as a sexual form of dancing, but rather as form of acrobatics.
Tommy Robinson,co-founder of controversial right-wing street protest group the English Defence League (EDL) and multiply-convicted criminal, has been jailed for 13 months for prejudicing a trial after livestreaming an hour-long video over Facebook outside Leeds crown court.
Robinson, real name Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, arrived at the court on the morning of May 25 and quickly began spilling details about a long-running case, broadcasting the names of defendants and the charges and details of the allegations they faced, as well as filming the defendants and confronting them as they arrived at court.
Their actions breached a strict order — which remains in place — imposed by the judge, banning public dissemination of any details relating to the proceedings. The video was viewed by around 250,000 people.
© AFP 2018 / Daniel LEAL-OLIVAS (File) Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon, AKA Tommy Robinson, former leader of the right-wing EDL (English Defence League) is escorted away by police from a Britain First march and an English Defence League march in central London on April 4, 2017
However, the livestream was abruptly halted when a number of police officers arrived at the scene and arrested Robinson. It would be a mere five hours before they were charged, and sentenced — receiving a 10-month custodial stretch for contempt of court, and a further three months for breaching the terms of a previous suspended sentence received in May 2017.
Then, Robinson similarly attempted to film defendants during a rape trial in Canterbury, Kent — in their own subsequent trial, the judge made clear their custodial sentence was contingent on them ending such activities.
Repeat Offender
In sentencing Lennon, judge Geroffrey Marson QC said the "integrity" of the Leeds crown court case needed to be upheld, and it could cost taxpayers "hundreds and hundreds of thousands of pounds" if a retrial had to be held. They also suggested Lennon's video had referred to some charges that had not proceeded against some of the defendants.
"Nothing may occur which will prejudice the trial. Everyone understands the right to freedom of speech but there are responsibilities and obligations. Not only was it a very long video but I regard it as a serious aggravating feature they were encouraging others to share it and it had been shared widely. That is the nature of the contempt," Marson said.
© AP Photo / Ben Stevens Britain First and EDL (English Defence League) protesters walk along Northumberland Avenue during a demonstration in London, Saturday, April 1, 2017.
My statement in front of the British Embassy in The Hague today.
Free Tommy Robinson!
Restore Freedom Of Speech!#TommyRobinson #FreedomOfSpeech #FreeTommy pic.twitter.com/VLq0Xo6xWq — Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) May 28, 2018
Robinson's trial was also subject to reporting restrictions, put in place temporarily to avoid further prejudicing the outcome of the Leeds trial, but the gag order was lifted May 29 after a judge heard the order was already being thoroughly violated online. Both supporters and opponents of Robinson the world over had broadcast and discussed their conviction widely on social media platforms, with high profile figures including Dutch Party for Freedom leader Geert Wilders and Donald Trump Jr. backing the EDL founder.
​In a video posted to Twitter, filmed from outside the British embassy in The Hague, Wilders described Robinson's prison sentence as "an absolute disgrace," and said freedom of speech was being violated all over Europe, with authorities "trying to silence us."
Moreover, in the hours after their arrest a petition was posted on Change.org calling for their immediate release from police custody — it quickly gained over 100,000 signatures, a figure that increased substantially once news of Robinson's conviction leaked into the public domain. As of May 30, it has attracted 511,575 supporters.
My statement in front of the British Embassy in The Hague today.
Free Tommy Robinson!
Restore Freedom Of Speech!#TommyRobinson #FreedomOfSpeech #FreeTommy pic.twitter.com/VLq0Xo6xWq — Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) May 28, 2018
​In the petition's accompanying statement, which is reproduced in Czech, French, German, Italian, Polish and Russian, Robinson is described as having been jailed for "reporting on Muslim grooming gangs," a "job they choose to do with no regard for their own safety, informing the public of all the wrongs committed in the name of Allah."
"Fighting against adversity and reporting on issues that our mainstream media are too afraid to speak of. Tommy is raising issues that are affecting all of our communities, and that are being swept under the carpet and hidden from the public. It's time we stand together, stand strong, and stand by their side," the statement reads.
#FreeTommy
Robinson's arrest also sparked sizeable protests in Whitehall on May 26, with supporters carrying placards reading ‘#FreeTommy' and waving flags — including the St George's Cross, Union Jack and Ukip logo — and shouting "shame on you," among other condemnations. At least one attendee carried a 'White Lives Matter' placard. Footage showed some protesters involved in minor scuffles with police.
Robinson co-founded the EDL in 2009 and has been arrested on several occasions, both at demonstrations and fights between opposing football fan gangs, and received custodial sentences for other, non-political offenses. In October 2012, they were convicted of using someone else's passport to travel to the US, and received 10 months' imprisonment. They were released on electronic tag after serving just over a month of their sentence on February 22 2013, whereupon they reported they were dismayed to discover the EDL's ranks were now home to former British National Party members and neo-Nazis.
In January 2014, Robinson was convicted of three counts of conspiracy to commit fraud by misrepresentation in relation to a mortgage application, along with five other defendant and sentenced to 18 months imprisonment. While at HMP Woodhill, they were attacked by several other prisoners, leading them to be moved to HMP Winchester. In June 2014 Robinson was released on license, the terms of which included having no contact with the EDL until the end of their original sentence (June 2015). They were recalled to prison before long for breaching the terms of their licence, before being released in November 2014.
Tommy Robinson supporters are chanting “scum scum scum” at police officers. pic.twitter.com/hqMSJWwTVH — HOPE not hate (@hopenothate) May 26, 2018
​In the meantime, Robinson left the EDL, announcing at a press conference in October 2013, convened by anti-extremism think tank Quilliam, that concerns over the "dangers of far-right extremism" had forced them to rethink their own views. However, after their release from prison in November 2014 they became involved with Pegida (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West), a German organisation founded in Dresden amid the European migrant crisis, which is accused of virulent Islamophpobia. They have also been associated with members of the ethno-nationalist Generation Identity movement, whose leaders have been banned from entering the UK.
Migrants anxious to start anew in Europe after Libya 'hell'
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-13', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 13', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
ABOARD THE OPEN ARMS IN THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA (AP) — Izzeddin al-Ghalban's first attempt to reach Europe ended when the boat engine died. The Libyan coast guard thwarted their second. After a third try, the 23-year-old rested on the deck of a Spanish aid group's rescue ship as it headed toward Barcelona, grateful that they finally made it.
"Libya is hell," al-Ghalban told The Associated Press on Tuesday aboard the Open Arms, a ship run by charity Proactiva Open Arms.
The young Palestinian from Gaza was one of 60 migrants the crew of the Open Arms rescued Saturday from a rubber boat floating in waters off Libya's coast, a scenario that's been repeated over and over on the Mediterranean Sea in recent years.
Such rescues are getting increasingly complicated after Italy's new government closed its ports to ships like the Open Arms, calling them de facto "taxi services" for human smugglers operating in Libya.
Aid groups deny any links to the smugglers, saying they are trying to save lives amid a human catastrophe. Thousands of people have perished trying to cross the Mediterranean in flimsy vessels since 2015.
After the island nation of Malta also denied the Open Arms authorization to dock, Spain agreed for the second time this summer to receive a ship carrying migrants from the rescue zone off Libya, even though the country is much further away.
"I had seen the Spanish boat in my dreams," said Judith Widianou, who fled violence in the Central African Republic with their partner and their 9-year-old son. "I'm so happy, it's as if God had come to me."
Them son was sporting a FC Barcelona soccer shirt, given to them by the crew of the Open Arms.
"If a person leaves their country, it's because there is danger there," Widianou said. "Italy must calm its heart and do what it was doing before (rescuing and taking in migrants.) For the love of God."
On the journey to Spain, some migrants rest while others learn Spanish, writing down basic vocabulary words and phrases in crumpled notebooks.
The ship is set to arrive in Barcelona on Wednesday. The migrants will get 45 days to apply for asylum in Spain or other countries in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium and France.
Honoree Bitcha said they hoped to be granted refugee status in Spain.
The 39-year-old left their native Cameroon in 2014 to look for work. They said their parents died when they were young, leaving them and five younger siblings to fend for themselves.
Like many migrants who end up in Libya while making their way toward Europe, Bitcha said they were enslaved and tortured by criminal gangs that demanded money.
With tears running down their cheeks, Bitcha went down on their knees to demonstrate how their captors whipped them while forcing them to speak to their brother on a cellphone. They wanted their brother to hear their screams after each lash, Bitcha said. The torture continued until their brother could pay their ransom in full, they said.
No wonder their brother was overjoyed when Bitcha called them from the Open Arms on a phone they borrowed from a crew member.
"My only hope is that Spain lets me stay. I count on that," Bitcha said. "Because if they let me go, I don't know what I'll do with my life."
ALLEGAN, Mich. (WWJ/AP) – Health officials say a child who visited a county fair in western Michigan last month is the first confirmed case of swine flu in the state this year.
The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services and the Allegan County Health Department reported the child visited the Allegan County Fair that ran Sept. 8-16, 2017. They say that because the incubation period for the illness is one to seven days, no new cases from exposure at the fair are expected.
The flu is known as a variant of H3N2 and there's currently no vaccine for it.
Allegan County Health Officer Angelique Joynes noted in an interview with the Allegan News that the seasonal flu vaccine will not protect against H3N2v.
“This variant flu virus has rarely been shown to spread from person to person,” Joynes added, “but any individual with flu-like-symptoms should contact their or their medical provider and the health department,”
Human infection is thought to happen when an infected pig coughs or sneezes and droplets with influenza virus land in someone's nose or mouth, or are inhaled. There also is some evidence that the virus might spread by someone touching something that has virus on it and then touching their mouth or nose.
Symptoms of infection are usually mild and similar to those of seasonal flu viruses. But as with seasonal flu, complications can lead to hospitalization and death. Symptoms include fever and respiratory symptoms, such as cough and runny nose, as well as body aches, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.
Some populations are at higher risk of developing complications if they get influenza, including children younger than five years of age, people 65 years of age and older, pregnant women, and people with certain long-term health conditions like asthma, diabetes, heart disease, weakened immune systems, and neurological or neurodevelopmental conditions.
[Get more information from the state at this link].
BOULEVARD, Calif. – An 85-year-old East County man opened fire on a suspected car burglar at their rural home early Wednesday, after which the wounded intruder allegedly continued attempting to steal vehicles and burned down an auxiliary residence on the property before being arrested.
The non-fatal gunfire and structure fire in the 3400 block of Crestwood Road in Boulevard were reported shortly after 4 a.m.
Deputies arrived to find the suspect, 29-year-old Anthony Saldana, address unknown, suffering from a bullet wound to their right arm, sheriff's Sgt. Carlos Medina said. They arrested them without incident, and medics took them to a hospital.
The property owner told investigators they had spotted Saldana in their yard, seemingly trying to steal their car, and went outside and told the trespasser to get off their property.
“The suspect started yelling and rushed at the property owner, who retreated inside their house,” Medina said. “The property owner armed themselves with a handgun but remained inside the house while the suspect continued to move about the property, yelling and acting in an emotionally disturbed manner.”
Fearing for their and their wife's safety, the resident fired four shots in the direction of Saldana in an attempt to scare them off, the sergeant said.
Though wounded, the suspect remained on the property prior to the arrival of deputies, allegedly breaking into vehicles, entering an unoccupied prefabricated home, removing items from inside it and setting fire to it. The blaze destroyed the structure.
The property owner and their wife suffered no injuries but were “shook up a bit” by the violent encounter, the sergeant said.
The husband was not detained for the shooting.
“It appears they were defending their property, their home and their wife, and himself,” Medina said.
Saldana was expected to face charges of arson, burglary and attempted auto theft upon their release from medical care.
Atom is taking on new challenges – both personal and professional – this 2018
Published 10:22 AM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Atom Araullo is no stranger to adventure, or to taking risks. The journalist and TV host has found themselves raising their voice above strong winds in the middle of a storm, submerged in the deepest oceans and in a common city sewer, and atop the highest mountains.
Before 2017 ended, however, they embarked on a different adventure that involves a great deal of risk. They left ABS-CBN, their home network for over a decade, and transferred to GMA-7. They also decided to live on their own, leaving their parents' home.
We asked the 35-year-old Araullo how they have grown in the past months, and they admitted that their choices have prompted numerous life changes.
“I just try to take it one step at a time. I have a great support system. My family is very supportive. I have my friends. But at the same time, you realize that there's so much more that life has to offer and maybe it's just a matter of grabbing opportunities, and also not being afraid to make mistakes and being accountable for your actions, which are all part of being an adult.”
“I'm not sure if I answered your question correctly, but in a sense, I feel like I'm doing things from scratch in a way, and it's a good feeling. And like I said in an earlier interview, not a lot of people get the opportunity to reinvent themselves and kind of say that I want a new challenge, even if there are no assurances I'm going to succeed,” they said.
“I think that's what makes life interesting – that we can constantly build ourselves up and say ‘I want something new, I'm going to take a leap of faith, and I'm just going to go for it.'”
Self-discovery
Atom acknowledges that like other people, they feel insecurity and self-doubt. But they did learn something new about himself: that they are more courageous than they ever imagined.
Courage is something they need for their new show, Adventure Your Way, a crowd-sourced travel show where destinations and challenges are gathered from audience suggestions on social media.
Regardless of the seemingly daunting feats, however, Atom appears ready to take on anything.
“You can define courage in a lot of different ways. I certainly don't back away from physical challenges. I like doing all these extreme things. But courage also has a lot to do with making tough decisions – tough life decisions – maybe in your career, personal life, family life. And I've had to do a couple of those as well.”
“That's the law of nature. These tough decisions come in waves. It's like a Pandora's Box; if you start taking risks, you're gonna have to take bigger and bigger risks along the way. That's how you know you might be doing something worthwhile. That's also how you know you might be doing something that might lead to utter failure, but you know, that's where the courage part comes in."
Social media to make a difference
Atom acknowledges that engaging in social media can be draining sometimes, but because the nature of their work requires them to stay on top of breaking stories, Atom allows themselves to browse social media extensively.
They also believe in social media's capacity to make a difference in the world. (READ: #GiftofHope: Atom Araullo on why Filipinos should care about the Rohingya)
“I've always thought that it's a revolutionary tool and it's still changing, and we're changing along with it. Sure it has its pitfalls as well, but for the most part, it's not going anywhere. We just have to figure out how we can use it to benefit our lives, to enrich our lives” said Atom.
They see Adventure Your Way as an avenue through which social media is used for good; not just to entertain, but also to share experiences with others.
Adventure Your Way will start airing weekly on AXN starting February 8.You can follow Atom's adventures on Instagram and Twitter. – Rappler.com
The Toronto Raptors appeared to have control of their first-round series against Washington Wizards when they won the first two games.
They also thought they had Game 4 within their grasp, and yet the series is tied 2-2.
The pressure will be on the No. 1 Eastern Conference seed when they host the No. 8 seed Wizards in Game 5 of the best-of-seven series at the Air Canada Centre.
"I feel like both teams protected home court, now it's the best-of-three," Wizards guard John Wall said. "Somebody is going to have to win on the opponent's court to win. We have a good opportunity to go there with some momentum, going into Game 5, and we want to take full advantage and try to get that win."
It could have been different. With just under five minutes to play in Game 4 at Washington on Sunday, Wizards guard Bradley Beal fouled out. They had scored 31 points in 32 minutes.
The Wizards did not fold, however, but the Raptors did. With Wall leading the way, the Wizards went on to defeat the Raptors 106-98 to even the series.
"This one was tougher, because I thought we had it under control," Raptors coach Dwane Casey said.
Wall had 27 points, 14 assists and six rebounds in playing 43 minutes on Sunday.
After dropping the first two games in Toronto, Washington won both games at home, including a 122-103 decision in Game 3.
The Raptors led by 14 points during the third quarter on Sunday, but the score was tied at 92 when Beal fouled out.
The Raptors, who used their full bench successfully during the season, have started to again rely heavily on their All-Star guards DeMar DeRozan and Kyle Lowry.
DeRozan had 35 points, six rebounds and six assists Sunday, but also committed four of Toronto's 19 turnovers (the Wizards made 13 turnovers) in 38 minutes. They also made some ill-advised shots down the stretch and was willing to shoulder their share of the blame.
"I blame myself for a lot of mistakes, for a lot of forced shots late in the game," DeRozan said. "Mental mistakes, turnovers, late-game execution, stabbing in the backcourt in transition late in the game. A lot of things."
Reserve guard Delon Wright continued on that theme.
"I just think we have to make that adjustment to realize that they're not blitzing (DeRozan) as much anymore, they're playing more single coverage," said Wright, who passed up a couple of 3-pointers.
"Shoot it, man," DeRozan said. "Every one of my teammates, I don't care if they miss 20 shots in a row, if you get a shot, shoot it. That's the confidence we've had in one another all year."
Lowry also saw considerable playing time, playing 39 minutes and had 19 points, seven rebounds and five assists.
A key player off the bench for the Raptors all season has been point guard Fred VanVleet, who has played only 2:49 in the series because of a sore right shoulder and is listed as doubtful for Game 5.
The Wizards, meanwhile, have been dealing with adversity all season with Wall limited to 41 starts because of a sprained left shoulder and surgery on their left knee. The Wizards were 2-2 against the Raptors during the season even though Wall missed all four games.
"You have to have resolve to win in this league," Wizards coach Scott Brooks said. "We've had some tough moments this year with John missing half the season, but we found it, and it put us in a position to make the playoffs through resolve. You win playoff games, and you win playoff series with having that. We have that, and we have to continue to have that because we have to win two more games, and one of them has to be on the road."
The Raptors will be trying to avoid making as many turnovers. Another veteran, forward Serge Ibaka, also made four turnovers Sunday.
"Some of it is Washington's good defense and some of it is just taking out a gun, pointing it at your foot and shooting ourselves in the foot," Casey said. "A lot of it was uncharacteristic. But it just didn't start in Game 3. We had some of the same turnovers the first two games, but we were able to score and have a cushion and live through it. We have to take care of the basketball. Make sure we get quality shots."
A pharmaceuticals distributor has asked a federal judge to dismiss lawsuits filed by six West Virginia counties over the opioid crisis, arguing that they were filed too late and the matter was already addressed in a state suit.
Cardinal Health said the counties were on notice in 2012, when then-Attorney General Darrell McGraw sued the company, alleging it flooded the state with painkillers.
Federal suits by Cabell, Kanawha, Fayette, Wayne, Boone and Logan counties alleged negligence from 2007 to 2012.
Cardinal's lawyers said they failed to sue within the two-year statute of limitations for negligence claims and one-year deadline for nuisance claims.
The company also said the issue was already adjudicated in the state case, which Cardinal settled in January for $20 million while denying the allegations.
Related
Comments
comments
AOTHAIM announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 24 Apr 2018 Abdullah Al Othaim Markets Company announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on April 23, 2018. Shareholders approved the distribution of SAR 3 cash dividends per share for financial year 2017. Shareholders also approved to increase capital by 100% from SAR 450 Mill to SAR 900 Mill through the distribution of 1 grant share for each share and amended a number of clauses of the Company Statute.
NEED a SuperCoach team in a hurry?
Have you been too distracted by AFLX or Married at First Sight to pick a team? Or need to bring a work colleague up to speed quick to fill that last spot in your private league?
You've come to the right place.
Follow the easy step-by-step guide below and you'll have a team in minutes ready to vie for your league premiership.
>>IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO SIGN UP AND WIN BIG! REGISTER NOW<<
If you're totally new to the game the idea is to pick your own 30-man squad of AFL players who score points based on their performances in real games. The SuperCoach player with the most points at the end of the year wins $50,000. Awesome, right?
JLT NUMBERS: SUPERCOACH PRE-SEASON FORMGUIDE
ROOKIE BIBLE: ALL THE CHEAP PLAYERS YOU NEED TO KNOW
Remember you have a $10 million salary cap so you want to get maximum bang (in the form of SuperCoach points) from your buck for every pick. The names below are based on pre-season form, players who have performed well in SuperCoach in the past, and educated guesses at who will improve this season and, in the case of rookie-priced players, who will get games.
Camera Icon Dustin Martin warms up for Round 1 at Punt Rd today. Picture: Getty Images
A key to a successful SuperCoach team is getting your cheap players right — if they never get an AFL game they can drag your team down all year.
SUPERTIPPING — SIGN UP NOW FOR A SHOT AT $20,000
Pick the names you like from each bracket including a range of prices — if you only take the most expensive guys you'll run out of cash pretty quick. You might have to do some shuffling to get the numbers to add up and fit everyone under the $10 million salary cap.
It doesn't hurt to pick someone not on this list — the gut-feel left-field choices are what make the game fun. A whole team of them might get you in trouble, though.
DEFENCE
PICK THIS GUY
Tom Doedee (Adel) $123,900
AND THREE OF THESE GUYS
Aaron Naughton (WB) $166,800
Nick Coffield (StK) $171,300 def/mid
Sam Murray (Coll) $123,900
Jeremy Finlayson (GWS) $123,900
Lachie Keeffe (GWS) $123,900 def/fwd
Lachlan Murphy (Adel) $102,400
Brody Mihocek (Coll) $102,400
PICK TWO OF THESE GUYS
Michael Hurley (Ess) $563,500
Elliot Yeo (WC) $561,300
Rory Laird (Adel) $550,800
Michael Hibberd (Melb) $545,200
Kade Simpson (Carl) $516,300
AND TWO OF THESE GUYS
Shane Savage (StK) $479,700
Heath Shaw (GWS) $458,100
James Sicily (Haw) $402,800 def/fwd
Marley Williams (NM) $396,300
Andrew McGrath (Ess) $388,400
Riley Bonner (PA) $257,300
Camera Icon You can always trust Rory Laird to put up big numbers. Picture: News Corp Australia
Camera Icon Stephen Coniglio could be a good value pick after returning from injury. Picture: Getty Images
MIDFIELD
PICK THIS GUY
Tim Kelly (Geel) $117,300
AND FOUR OF THESE GUYS
Andrew Brayshaw (Frem) $198,300
Paddy Dow (Carl) $193,800
Luke Davies-Uniacke (NM) $189,300
Will Brodie (GC) $187,700
Hunter Clark (StK) $175,800
Bailey Banfield (Frem) $123,400
Dom Barry (PA) $117,300
Charlie Constable (Geel) $117,300
Nick Holman (GC) $102,400
PICK THIS GUY
Patrick Dangerfield (Geel) $749,800
* Danger might not play Round 1 but he'll be back by the time league matches start in Round 3
AND THIS GUY
Nat Fyfe (Frem) $497,900
KEEP THE FAITH: WHY SCOTT GULLAN IS PICKING ABLETT
RISK v REWARD: SUPERCOACH MID-PRICER RANKINGS
AND THREE OF THESE GUYS
Dustin Martin (Rich) $656,500
Tom Mitchell (Haw) $653,500
Josh Kelly (GWS) $628,600
Lachie Neale (Frem) $599,300
Scott Pendlebury (Coll) $586,500
Marcus Bontempelli (WB) $577,800
Patrick Cripps (Carl) $537,300
(to set your team apart replace any of these players with another elite midfielder like Zach Merrett, Rory Sloane or Mitch Duncan)
AND ONE OF THESE GUYS
Stephen Coniglio (GWS) $452,400
Tom Liberatore (WB) $434,600
Jaeger O'Meara (Haw) $315,800
David Armitage (StK) $310,100
RUCK
PICK THIS GUY
Max Gawn (Melb) $503,700
AND ONE OF THESE GUYS
Tim English (WB) $134,700
Darcy Cameron (Syd) $123,900
AND ONE OF THESE GUYS
Matthew Kreuzer (Carl) $603,700
Patrick Ryder (PA) $566,500
Stef Martin (BL) $540,000
Brodie Grundy (Coll) $543,700
Todd Goldstein (NM) $521,400
Toby Nankervis (Rich) $488,300
Nic Naitanui (WC) $465,900
Camera Icon Essendon recruit Devon Smith has been in great pre-season form. Picture: Getty Images
Camera Icon Melbourne mature-age recruit Bayley Fritsch is a good chance to play in Round 1. Picture: News Corp Australia, Michael Klein
FORWARDS
PICK FOUR OF THESE GUYS
Allen Christensen (BL) $267,300
Cameron Rayner (BL) $202,800 FWD/MID
Jaidyn Stephenson (Coll) $180,300 FWD/MID
Jarrod Garlett (Carl) $117,300 FWD/MID
Liam Ryan (WC) $117,300
Bayley Fritsch (Melb) $117,300
Zac Giles-Langdon (GWS) $117,300
PLUS TWO OF THESE GUYS
Sam Menegola (Geel) $551,800 FWD/MID
Lance Franklin (Syd) $540,500
Isaac Heeney (Syd) $536,300
Toby Greene (GWS) $528,100
Jack Billings (StK) $509,500
AND TWO OF THESE GUYS
Luke Dahlhaus (WB) $498,500
Michael Walters (Frem) $478,300
Toby McLean (WB) $470,200
Devon Smith (Ess) $439,100
Christian Petracca (Melb) $433,300
Cyril Rioli (Haw) $340,900
... and you're ready for SuperCoach domination.
HOW TO WIN: THE SUPERCOACH 10 COMMANDMENTS
HOW TO PLAY: BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO SUPERCOACH
Note: Watch team selections closely — don't pick players who aren't named (except Dangerfield — see above)
Note (2): Players listed with two positions can be picked in either spot. They provide extra flexibility during the season so it's a good idea to have a few in your squad.
PICK A CAPTAIN
Every week you nominate one player as captain who scores double points. Look for players with a good record against their opponent that week.
In Round 1 it's hard to look past Dustin Martin against the Blues — or will they suffer a sudden premiership hangover?
The choice is yours. Good luck!
Palisades High School's award-winning color guard practiced one afternoon this month at school, gearing up for the fall season. Palisades News stopped by to shoot a quick video. Coach Jack Trieger leads the practice.
The color guard travels with the band, which is also award-winning.
Stick with sparklers for the 4th of July…they're safer.
The state fire marshal is reminding Floridians to take safety precautions while celebrating the Fourth of July.
Fireworks are only allowed in Florida with specific exemptions.
Sparklers are allowed, but should be used with extreme caution.
Fire Marshal Jimmy Patronis offers these tips:
monitor children and pets
never light more than one sparkler at a time
have a fire extinguisher or water hose on hand
abide by all local laws and ordinances
attend a public fireworks show instead of lighting your own.
Join 850 WFTL for the 30th Annual Fourth on Flagler along the downtown West Palm Beach Waterfront.
You can't bring any fireworks into the event, but you will enjoy 18 minutes of the best firework's show in South Florida starting at 9:00 p.m.
The post Stick with Sparklers This 4th of July, For Safety appeared first on 850 WFTL.
April 5 Real Good Food Plc:
* Has acquired an 84.33 per cent interest in Brighter Foods for total consideration of up to £9 million, on a cash and debt free basis
* Consideration will be satisfied from group's existing debt facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
[India], July 04 (ANI): Tamil Nadu Minister D Jayakumar on Wednesday assured that the arrangements are being made to bring back the mortal remains of a pilgrim, who had gone to Kailash Mansarovar Yatra in Nepal.
The pilgrim, who lost their lives during the yatra, has been identified as Ramachandran and reportedly died because of natural causes.
Jayakumar confirmed that a total of 23 people from Tamil Nadu went for Kailash Yatra.
Talking to media, "Total 23 people from Tamil Nadu went for Kailash Mansarovar Yatra. 19 people stranded in Simikot are safe, 4 people returned to Chennai yesterday. Arrangements are being made to bring back body of one deceased pilgrim."
The Indian Embassy in Nepal issued a list of hotline numbers for the pilgrims stranded in Nepal and their family members. A number of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra pilgrims are stranded in parts of Nepal following heavy downpour. The Embassy of India in Kathmandu is monitoring the situation along Nepalganj-Simikot-Hilsa route of Kailash Mansarovar Yatra (through Nepal). Thousands of Indian pilgrims take part in the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra every year via Nepal in the Tibetan Autonomous Region of China ahead of the monsoon season. The tour is organised by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) each year between June and September in cooperation with the government of People's Republic of China through two different routes - Lipulekh Pass (Uttarakhand) and Nathu La Pass (Sikkim). (ANI)
The number of lawsuits accusing a former physician assistant at a Veteran's Administration hospital in Kansas of sexual abuse is approaching 100.
The Wichita Eagle reports that Kansas City attorneys Dan Curry and Sarah Brown filed three more lawsuits last week on behalf of former patients of Mark Wisner. They were sentenced last year to more than 15 years in prison for sex crimes involving patients at the Eisenhower Veterans Administration Medical Center in Leavenworth.
Curry said they expect to file a few more lawsuits in the near future, bringing the total number to around 100. Some seek $2 million or more in damages.
Prosecutors said Wisner performed improper and medically unnecessary genital examinations on patients from 2012 to 2014. They resigned and had their license to practice revoked in 2015.
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 9,391 Blog Entries: 2
Diamanda Galas to play Joy Theater April 11 Diamanda Galas (Wikipedia
Galas will release All the Way is a collection of jazz and blues standards, while At Saint Thomas the Apostle Harlem is a live album recorded in May 2016.? (Wikipedia calls them an "American avant-garde soprano, composer, pianist, organist, performance artist, and painter," as good a description as any) comes to New Orleans April 11 for a performance at the Joy Theater as part of a North American tour.Galas will release two new albums next month ? their first in 10 years.is a collection of jazz and blues standards, whileis a live album recorded in May 2016.?
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from their son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when they say they witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
They ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped them lift the walker. They tenderly placed their hand on the woman's back to steady them They climbed with them the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, they gave the boy a gentle embrace.
Riley Duncan Jr. captured a video of a simple act of kindness in Georgia: A young boy helping an elderly woman up the stairs. Here, the two embrace after the brief encounter.
Screenshot from video provided by Riley Duncan Jr.
They returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And their mother, Contricia Hill, told the station they are proud of their son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," they told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, they whispered a few words to him.
"She told them that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of their own: They say they met up with the boy after the fact and gave them a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up their girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, they summed up their feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
CHARLESTON, WV (AP) – A report looking at higher education in West Virginia has recommended merging the governing boards of Bluefield State College, Concord University, Glenville State College and West Virginia State University.
The report labels those four schools “medium risk to high risk” in sustainability, according to news outlets. It says the four are “sustainable in the short-term, but their futures are uncertain.”
The document cited declining enrollment and increasing reliance on enrollment rather than state funding, plus competition for students from West Virginia and Marshall universities.
The report, which includes other recommendations, was issued by the nonprofit National Center for Higher Education Management Systems.
It also lists negative effects of the state government's decisions to separate community colleges from public four-year schools, weaken the power of the state Higher Education Policy Commission and cut higher education funding.ning boards of Bluefield State College, Concord University, Glenville State College and West Virginia State University.
The report labels those four schools “medium risk to high risk” in sustainability, according to news outlets. It says the four are “sustainable in the short-term, but their futures are uncertain.”
The document cited declining enrollment and increasing reliance on enrollment rather than state funding, plus competition for students from West Virginia and Marshall universities.
The report, which includes other recommendations, was issued by the nonprofit National Center for Higher Education Management Systems.
It also lists negative effects of the state government's decisions to separate community colleges from public four-year schools, weaken the power of the state Higher Education Policy Commission and cut higher education funding.
For light data users in the US, Google's cellular service, Project Fi, can be one of the best deals in mobile. It's $20 per month for unlimited calls and texts, plus $1 per 100MB of data you use (that works out to $10 per GB), with a "bill protection cap" (basically an unlimited plan) of $80. Coverage from Sprint, T-Mobile, and US-Cellular is all rolled into one super-carrier, multiple data SIMs are free, and you can text and leave voicemails from a PC.
The hard part is getting a compatible phone that works with Fi's multi-carrier setup. Previously, there was only Google's lineup of Pixel and Nexus phones, along with the Moto X4. Today, Google is announcing three new Fi-compatible phones: The Moto G6, LG G7 ThinQ, and the LG V35 ThinQ.
The big news here is the Moto G6, which will be the cheapest Fi-compatible phone out there. Normally the phone is $249, but on Fi you can buy it for $199. You get a 5.7-inch 2160×1080 LCD, a Snapdragon 450, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and a 3000mAh battery. The phone is all glass, with a front fingerprint reader, a USB-C port on the bottom, and—thankfully—a headphone jack.
Further Reading Motorola announces the 2018 Moto G6 and E5 Keep in mind that buying a Moto G6 means dealing with Motorola's terrible update support. The Moto G6 doesn't get monthly security updates—they arrive every 60 to 90 days instead. Previously Google protected Fi users from Motorola's update policy with an "Android One" version of the Moto X4, which ran stock Android and got monthly security updates. This year, you're stuck with Moto's normal update policy.
The Moto G6 is up for pre-order on the Project Fi site right now. Besides buying it for $199 outright, there is also a Fi-nancing plan (sorry) which costs $8.29/mo for 24 months.
There are also two new high-end phones from LG arriving on Project Fi. There's the LG G7 ThinQ, which we previously tried out, and the newly announced LG V35 ThinQ, which seems to be little more than a spec bump of the LG V30. Both are Snapdragon 845 devices with 6GB of RAM and 64GB of storage. Both are made of glass and run Android 8.0 with LG's Android skin.
The big difference between the two seems to be the displays. The LG G7 has a 6.1-inch 3120×1440 LCD with a notch, while the LG V35 has a 6.0-inch 2880×1440 LG OLED display without a notch. The V35 also has a slightly bigger battery: 3300mAh versus the 3000mAh battery in the G7.
Both LG phones are pretty pricey: the G7 is $749 (or $31.21 a month) on Fi, while the V35 is $899 or ($37.46 a month). I think either one is a tough sell for that kind of money when you can buy the LG-made Google Pixel 2 XL for about the same amount. You won't get the latest SoC (the P2XL has last year's Snapdragon 835), but Google's speedier software is more than enough to make up for it. You'll get better software, faster updates, and a better camera.
Both LG phones will go on sale at Fi next month.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg is facing calls from US and European politicians to explain how a consultancy that worked on President Donald Trump's election campaign gained improper access to data on 50 million Facebook users.
Facebook's shares closed down nearly 7 per cent, wiping nearly $US40 billion off its market value as investors worried that new legislation could damage the company's advertising business.
"The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty," said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
Politicians in the US, Britain and Europe have called for investigations into media reports that political analytics firm Cambridge Analytica harvested the private data on more than 50 million Facebook users to develop techniques to support Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign.
The scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway US voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 election.
Facebook said on Monday it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica, which had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems.
Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims, and that it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party app in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules.
But further allegations about the firm's tactics piled up on Monday, as Channel 4 News, a British broadcaster, published video of Cambridge Analytica executives talking about using bribes, former spies and Ukrainian sex workers to entrap politicians.
Facebook was already facing calls on Saturday for regulation from US Congress and questions about personal data safeguards after reports in the New York Times and London's Observer over the weekend.
On Monday, Republican Senator John Kennedy called on Zuckerberg to testify before Congress, and Democratic Senator Ron Wyden sent a letter to Zuckerberg asking about company policies for sharing user data with third parties. Facebook usually sends lawyers to testify to Congress, or allows trade organisations to represent it and other technology companies in front of lawmakers.
Facebook and rivals including Twitter Inc and Alphabet Inc's YouTube have taken voluntary steps to restrict possible foreign interference and combat false news, but they have not been forced by law or regulation to make changes and legislation on the issue has stalled.
"Send us Mass Effect fanfic," I said last week. "It's for a contest! You could be entered for a chance to win a copy of Andromeda and a nifty remote-controlled Nomad! Come on, it'll be fun!"
We asked, and you delivered—and my inbox will never be quite the same.
Sorting through the entries was surprisingly difficult, because there were so many excellent stories. Some bumped right up at the 400-word limit, telling tales of a post-Reaper universe or of how Sir Isaac Newton really is the deadliest son of a bitch in space. Others were short and succinct. Multiple entries played on the "for sale, baby shoes, never worn" theme (one of which featured krogan baby shoes). Many made me laugh. A few made me tear up. You guys wrote some great stuff.
The winning entry: on calm shores
But there can only be one winner, and that winner is Ars reader Eliza Stone.  They are now the proud owner of a new copy of Mass Effect: Andromeda and an RC Nomad, and here's the story that won them the prize:
Mordin has yet to run out of seashells. They have run tests on their chemical composition (CaCO3—calcium carbonate). They have tested their structural integrity (questionable). They have licked them, just to see what all the geologists were on about (utter nonsense). Still, there are thousands. Millions, maybe, spread across an endless beach with a warm sun and a night cycle flush with familiar stars. Science to do, tests to run, things to ponder. Little songs to hum when the world gets quiet. Mordin will question it all, eventually; perhaps when he's finished with the seashells. It's a decent sort of afterlife, they think—considering they had not been sold on the idea of an afterlife in the first place, they are glad to be pleasantly surprised. No budgets, no peer reviewers, nothing for company but the joy of scientific pursuit. …he probably shouldn't be as lonely as they are. Then one day they see red hair in the distant sea and their old lips thin. Too soon, but it was predictable. Should not have expected any other outcome to the war–was naïve to hope for otherwise. Well, no use dwelling, Mordin decides. Another pail and shovel have materialized on the beach and they might as well be put to good use. Besides, scientific collaboration is always more stimulating than working in isolation. “Shepard!” they say, holding out the bucket to an old, tired friend who is finally, finally at rest. “Good to see you. Need a research partner.”
Runner-up the first: out of scope
I wish I could name 50 runners-up, but I've only got space for two. The first is Mr_Hilikus, who penned this piece that started slow but hit me pretty hard at the ending:
“The M-98 Widow is a single shot sniper rifle that can eradicate kinetic barriers and armor from extreme range. The design is originally geth, believe it or not, and without modifications to your personal armor and the rifle itself, the recoil alone can shatter human bone. The Widow is not an antipersonnel weapon—it kills monsters. “For modifications, I personally recommend anything that makes it difficult for the enemy to find you. Suppressor is good. The Widow makes a very noticeable 'thumm' after firing. Heat shielding is also good. Thermal optics are a sniper's worst enemy. Finally, make room for a lot of thermal clips. You'll need them. And don't waste your time or resources extending the barrel for more power. An extra two percent increase in projectile speed doesn't matter when you're using a tank-killer. “You need patience to operate a weapon like this. This isn't a weapon for a Vanguard, an Engineer, or a regular Soldier. You calculate the shot like a firing solution on a frigate. The collateral damage isn't that different if you miss. You take the time. Double-check your aim. Breathe. If you don't, the wrong person will have a bad day. “Pick a good spot, away from the action. Don't feel bad. You're useless on the front lines. Leave that to the men with heavy armor and shotguns. Concrete floor is best if you can find it. Stay away from foliage unless it's wet. You don't want an ejected thermal clip setting things on fire. Embarrassing way to reveal your position to the enemy. Bring a partner if you can. Not a spotter—your gear does that for you. I recommend one of those guys with a shotgun, just in case Charlie locates your position and wants to say hello. “After taking out a few targets, take a break and change position. This is necessary. You stay in one place for too long, the enemy will find you. You're a high value target, so it's a good bet they've got spotters calculating the angles of your shots to find your nest. Stay mobile. Requisition a jump jet so reaching a vertical position isn't an adventure. They're also good for making a quick escape if things go south. “You'll see things more clearly than other people. Faces. Expressions. Don't let it bother you. Don't think about it. Don't let them make you take risks. You're a killer, not a hero. You can't save a mother and their child from two clicks away. Even if you managed to hit the husk that was rushing them, it's just too close. A weapon designed to obliterate heavy armor leaves too big of a crater. If anything, you're just giving them a clean death. Better to die than become one of those things.” “I'm very happy with your progress, Johnathan. I know this is difficult. Do you want to talk more about them today? The mother and child in London?” “Not today, Doc. I'm just not...Not today.”
Runner-up the second: specter of a Specter
Our second runner-up got me smiling early in the morning, and that's always a sure sign of a good story. Here it is, by Cody Perez:
Struggles of a Citadel Soup Server Scoop, lift, splosh onto plate. That was the daily life of a soup kitchen worker like myself. Down in the Wards was where we did our business, serving the downtrodden and the seedy underbelly lying beneath the elaborate and concealing beauty of the Presidium. The Citadel soup kitchen—or C-Soup, as the locals brilliantly called it—was a haven for the oppressed and oppressors alike to get their breakfasts, lunches, and dinners. It wasn't an overly challenging job, but it came with its fair share of problems. Rival gangs, foul mouths, and trigger fingers occasionally led to fights in a place where all are welcome. Unfortunately, today was one of those days. It was lunchtime when I heard in the serving line an even more obnoxious and loud krogan than most. The target of their harsh words? A timid, shaking volus right in front of me that seemed to owe them money. A quick glance at the krogan's profound scars told me they were a part of Clan Edrix, notorious thugs that specialized in your usual extortion, smuggling, and the like. Right then, the thug picked the poor Volus off their feet and slammed them against the counter, causing dextro-protein goulash to fly everywhere. "Where's my money, softskin?" the Edrix exclaimed. "I...I'm working on it," the volus wheezed through their breather. "I have some ventures that will be lining up soon. Then, you will have all your money, including interest!" "We have rules. You wouldn't expect me to go back on my word like you did, would you? I'm going to show everyone here today what happens when you lie to Clan Edrix. Just be glad you got me and not one of my brothers." As soon as the words were out of their mouth, a shotgun was pointed at the volus' head. The whole place was silent waiting with anticipation at a nice show. I sighed. Why didn't I stay on Thessia and help my parents?, I thought to myself. Before I had Volus brains covering me, a voice rang out. "What do we have here? This is a nice establishment. Why ruin the friendly atmosphere?" From the crowd, approached a man in distinguished dark armor with an N7 engraved. Both the krogan and volus turned their gaze towards them as they continued. "I suggest you put them down, grab some food, and enjoy your meal. Or else, I'll have to get involved." The krogan dropped their victim and started to walk towards the galaxy-renowned hero. "You might be some celebrity, but I'm not afraid to punch some sense into you." The thug swung a punch, but before it could land, they were swept off their feet and slammed into the ground unconscious. The hero came to me, picked up one of the fallen trays, and said, "Here's an autograph for all you do." I looked down to see a holocard signed "Conrad Shepherd." I can't remember—was Conrad really their first name?
Parting words
Thanks to the hundreds of folks who took time to enter. I wish I could give something to everyone, because reading all of your work over the past week has been an amazing, joyful experience. If anyone wants to post their stories in the comments below, please feel free to do so—the world's a better place with this much creativity and awesomeness in it. Even you, asari tentacle porn guy. Yeah, your story was great, too, even if I couldn't use it.
I'd also love to do another contest like this in the future, provided I can get some more fun stuff to give away. Based on the response, it seems like Ars readers are happy and willing to submit stories for prizes, and I am totally OK with that. Stay tuned!
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The BBC has announced that it will host 4K HDR livestreams of all 29 of its World Cup 2018 matches on iPlayer.
It will show them as part of its live 4K trials, as started with the York City Knights and Catalans Dragons rugby match in April.
You will be able to watch all of the matches on BBC iPlayer in Ultra HD resolution and using the hybrid log gamma (HLG) version of HDR. It will require a compatible television for HDR playback - one that supports the HLG format.
You will need a superfast broadband connection too.
There's one catch, however: due to bandwidth limitations, access to the 4K HDR streams for each match will be given on a first come first served basis. The Beeb says this will allow "tens of thousands" to watch but an exact figure is not given.
The stream will be available on the homepage of your BBC iPlayer app if you have a supported television.
Friday 15 June
1pm: Egypt v Uruguay (if Mo Salah manages to overcome their shoulder injury in time)
7pm: Portugal v Spain
Sunday 17 June
4pm: Germany v Mexico
Monday 18 June
7pm: Tunisia v England
Sunday 24 June
1pm: England v Panama
Live coverage of the knockout stage matches will be revealed closer the time.
New developments over the selection of a new chief about whether the chairperson properly handled the fact that they are related by marriage to one of the finalists. Chairman Max Sword, was told by ethics officials they should disclose the relationship, but they did not tell their fellow commissioners during a key meeting.
Former federal agent now in corporate security, Tommy Aiu, was the top scoring candidate of seven finalists for Honolulu police chief. When they learned that they were a finalist, they went to the City Ethics Commission on September 11th to disclose that he's a first cousin to Mona Wood-Sword, the wife of Police Commission chair Max Sword.
"I wanted to be open and totally transparent about it because I didn't want anyone to have the misconception that I had any help in any part of the process," said Aiu.
"I think Mr. Aiu did the exact right thing in going to the ethics commission," said police commission, Loretta Sheehan.
A week after they met with ethics officials they wrote a letter dated September 19th which instructed the Police Commission that "Chair Sword should execute a Disclosure of Conflict of Interest Statement stating that they have a familial relationship to an applicant."
But a little more than a week after that letter, the police commission held a meeting to select seven finalists. Sword did not disclose the potential conflict and another week later on Wednesday, the commission met again to hear testimony about the candidates. The commissioners still weren't told of the relationship.
"We certainly should have known before Chair Sword participated in the public testimony meeting that we had on October 4," said Sheehan.
Sword told Hawaii News Now they filed a disclosure with the ethics commission before a meeting on Wednesday. They said they didn't do so earlier because the commission wasn't voting on specific candidates or evaluating them. They said they forgot to tell fellow commissioners at the meeting.
They also said they filed an official ethics disclosure only "in an abundance of caution" but does not intend to remove themselves from the process as chairperson, saying "I know I can be completely impartial and fair to all of the candidates. I will not give special treatment to any one of them, and will use independent judgment."
Sheehan says family relationship is not an issue, but secrecy is.
"The worst thing you can do is keep things a secret because it implies that something sneaky is going on," said Sheehan.
Sheehan says she's seen this disclosure issue before when Sword nominated reality TV star Beth Chapman for a police citizen's panel, but failed to disclose that they were a public relations client of their wife.
The City Ethics Commission did not respond to our call for comment.
By EMMETT BURNETT
One person has been shot and another injured with multiple dog bites in an altercation at the Dec. 9 Chickasaw Christmas Parade
According to Chickasaw Police Chief Chris McLean, at the parade's 3 p.m. start two stray pit bull mixes attacked a parade watcher and their dog, a small breed. The attack occurred on the parade route on Highway 43 almost in front of Chickasaw City Hall. The man tried to fend off the attacking animals and received multiple dog bites.
A female in the parade crowd observed the attack and offered assistance. They were able to remove one of the attacking dogs from the fight. The man produced a small caliber handgun and fired one shot at the dog but missed and stuck the woman in the hand.
The incident was immediately responded to by local police officers. The male gun owner and female victim were given medical attention on site and both were transported to hospitals by private transportation.
The secured pit bull mix breed was taken to the Mobile County Animal Shelter. The other attacking dog ran away and is currently being sought by Chickasaw Police and Animal Patrol officers.
“At this time we are still gathering witnesses' statements,” said Chief McLean. “We are going to do a more extensive interview with the victim and the gun owner. From that point we will present the case to the district attorney's office for review and possible criminal charges.”
The names of those involved and other details of the case have not been released. The Chickasaw Christmas parade resumed about 3:45 pm with no other incidents.
The Call News will have more information when details become available.
[India], July 4 (ANI): In a display of communal harmony, people from the Muslim community donated money and land for constructing a temple in Bihar's Gaya district of Guraru area.
Mansood Ahmed, one of the locals, contributed six decimal land while another donated Rs. 3.5 lakh for the construction.
Elated locals from the Budhpur village said, "We all live together here. This message should go across the country. The whole village came out to help in building this temple for which we are very happy."
The Budhpur village consists of Muslims in majority and was earlier recognized as a Naxal dominated area too. The village had a mosque but not a temple in the area, which brought concern to the Muslim community as the Hindu rituals used to be practiced in the open. (ANI)
“Next week, all eyes will be on Apple at its WorldWide Developers Conference,” Bill Maurer writes for Seeking Alpha. “This annual event is mostly used to show off the company's newest operating systems, but sometimes we see new products. While this event is always a glimpse into Apple's future, there always are high expectations going in. Perhaps that's what makes it the stock's worst week of the year generally.”
“Ask a large enough number of investors or Apple enthusiasts, and I'm sure you'll see expectations for every product line to have something new unveiled at WWDC. There are even rumors of a new iPhone SE and possibly HomePod coming at the event,” Maurer writes. “As product expectations pile up, it only increases the chance for disappointment, so when Apple doesn't release a ton of shiny new gadgets, the stock tends to sell off.”
“The week of WWDC usually means a lot of red for the stock. Since 2001, the only WWDC week that Apple shares finished higher was in 2014, and that was a unique time because investors piled into the stock right before the 7 for 1 stock split,” Maurer writes. “Of the 16 weeks that shares have declined, the average loss has been 3.86%, basically the average of the last two years as well.”
Read more in the full article here.
The Senate and the House of Representatives will tackle the request of President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday, December 13
Published 5:10 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Congress is set to convene a joint session on Wednesday, December 13, to discuss President Rodrigo Duterte's request for a one-year extension of martial law in Mindanao.
"Wednesday morning joint session. 'Yan ang plano. Morning ang start, 'di ko masabi ang end eh," Senate President Aquilino Pimentel III said on Monday, December 11.
The session would be held at the House of Representatives in Quezon City.
Pimentel said the senators would have a security briefing on Tuesday morning, December 12, which would be followed by briefings with the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) and the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA).
"[We will have briefings with] the martial law administrator, then at 12 noon human rights and NEDA so we have the human rights angle and the economic angle," Pimentel said in a mix of English and Filipino.
Congress is set to adjourn on Friday, December 15, for its Christmas break. On top of the martial law issue, the Senate and the House have yet to pass the proposed 2018 national budget and the first tax reform package.
Both measures are still in the bicameral conference committee, where they are set to be finalized before being submitted to Duterte for signature.
Duterte has asked Congress to extend martial law in Mindanao by one year to "totally eradicate" Islamic State-inspired terror groups.
In their letter, sent to media on Monday, Duterte requested that martial law and the suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus be extended from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018.
The 5-month martial law extension Congress earlier granted Duterte expires on December 31 this year. – Rappler.com
Parents in the Joplin area can get help when it comes to safely installing car seats.
The Alliance of SWMO is hosting its monthly car seat check on March 21st from 9:00 - 11:30 a.m. at The Alliance building (1027 S. Main Street Joplin) across from the Gryphon Building.
Certified Car Seat Technicians will be on hand to help families properly install your child's car seat at no cost. Car seats will also be available for low income families for a $20 donation. The Alliance says it hosts this monthly event to help educate parents and guardians about safely installing car seats to keep children safe.
According to The Alliance, the non-profit checked more than 361 car seats and distributed more than 255 car seats to families in need. The Alliance has been hosting these events in the Four States since 1997.
The non-profit says according to the NHTSA, when used and installed correctly, child safety seats effectively reduce the risk of death by 71% for infants (under age one) and by 54% for toddlers (ages one to three) and children in booster seats (ages four to eight).
Alliance officials say they're dedicated to prevention efforts and are striving to make the Four States a safer and more educated community. They also want to shine the light on the Certified Car Seat Technicians who help make the event possible.
ASHLAND, KY (WCHS BY: GIL McCLANAHAN) — While summer travelers heading to Kentucky are being advised to get a Hepatitis A vaccine, it doesn't seem to be keeping them away.
“Rush Off Road over the weekend just had their big spring extravaganza and that draws usually from 7,000 -10,000 people,” said Sue Dowdy, executive director of the Ashland/Boyd County Tourism and Convention Center.
Dowdy said no one has called their office asking about the hepatitis outbreak.
“I thought maybe we would get a few last weeks, particularly when it first occurred and became kind of well-known, but we haven't had any,” Dowdy said.
Area restaurants are making sure they are free of any signs of hepatitis a for summer travelers and other customers.
“We take extra precautions,” said Ryan Justice, owner of JJ's Family Restaurant in Ashland. “We're more mindful of what we are doing to make sure good handwashing techniques are used. If you feel sick, call off.”
Justice said they have seen a boost in business since the outbreak, but they acknowledge it did cause concern.
“Initially, there was some nervousness there, but with the education the health department has given us and precautions we're taking we are very confident that we will be taking every precaution to make sure everyone stays healthy,” Justice said.
Dowdy is hopeful things will be taken care of before peak season begins.
“I'm hoping that by Memorial Day the situation has resolved itself, that the scare is over and that we can continue on the summer with lots of visitors and no more outbreaks,” Dowdy said.
For more information on Hepatitis in A, visit: http://chfs.ky.gov/dph/hepatitis.htm
Comments
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Romanian championship Preliminary Round matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 CSM Politehnica Iasi 2 Dinamo Bucharest 1 Universitatea Craiova 1 FC Botosani 0 Saturday, August 12 Concordia Chiajna 1 Juventus Bucuresti 1 FCSB 1 FC Astra 1 Friday, August 11 ACS Poli Timisoara 0 FC Viitorul Constanta 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 CFR Cluj 5 4 1 0 9 1 13 2 FC Botosani 6 4 1 1 11 4 13 3 Universitatea Craiova 6 3 3 0 7 3 12 4 FCSB 6 3 3 0 8 5 12 5 FC Astra 6 3 2 1 8 5 11 6 Dinamo Bucharest 6 3 0 3 8 5 9 ------------------------- 7 CSM Politehnica Iasi 6 2 2 2 4 6 8 8 ACS Poli Timisoara 6 2 1 3 3 6 7 9 Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe 5 2 0 3 5 9 6 10 FC Voluntari 5 1 2 2 5 6 5 11 FC Viitorul Constanta 6 1 2 3 3 4 5 12 Gaz Metan Medias 5 1 1 3 3 10 4 13 Concordia Chiajna 6 0 2 4 3 7 2 14 Juventus Bucuresti 6 0 2 4 3 9 2 1-6: Championship play-off 7-14: Relegation play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 FC Voluntari v Gaz Metan Medias (1530) Sepsi Sfantu Gheorghe v CFR Cluj (1800)
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - India's main opposition party Congress on Monday appointed Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, the party announced.
The great-grandson of India's founding prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party, which was defeated heavily in a 2014 general election. (Reporting by Nidhi Verma)
At least 20 people, including the bride, were killed when an airstrike, allegedly by the Saudi-led coalition, hit a wedding party in the country's northern Bani Qais district, The Independent reported.
Medics and residents said more than 30 others, mostly women and children gathered inside a tent set up for the wedding, were also injured in Sunday's attack, already the third deadly airstrike in Yemen since the weekend.
A video from the scene of the airstrike showed scattered human body parts and a young boy hugging a man's lifeless body, screaming and crying.
WARNING: The following video is extremely graphic and may offend sensibilities
More than 10,000 civilians have been killed and tens of thousands wounded and millions displaced in Yemen since the start of the civil war in 2015 between the government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi rebels.
Since March 2015, the Saudi-led coalition of mostly Persian Gulf countries has been carrying out airstrikes against Houthi rebels at Hadi's request.
Human rights organizations have criticized the coalition for engaging in the indiscriminate bombings with civilians often falling victim to such attacks.
READ MORE: Saudi-Led Coalition Airstrikes in Yemen's Capital Leave 14 Dead, 15 Wounded
The Saudi-led coalition insists that it never deliberately targets civilians and blames the Houthis, saying they are using civilians as human shields and hiding among the civilian population.
According to the United Nations, some 22 million Yemenis, or 80 percent of the population, are in need of humanitarian aid.
(Recasts with Mexican stocks, updates prices) April 3 Mexican stocks gained on Monday, helped by gains in shares of airport operators that have been boosted by bets that a weak peso will keep tourists flooding into Latin America's No. 2 economy this year. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste jumped more than 5 percent to a record high while shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico rose more than 2 percent to their highest price since late October. The gains helped drive Mexico's benchmark IPC stock index up about 0.6 percent. Analysts have been recommending Mexican airport and tourism operators, as they are likely to escape any changes in trade policy with the United States while also being poised to benefit as a weaker peso draws bargain-hunting tourists. While the peso has recovered from a record low hit in January on concerns that U.S. President Donald Trump could slap tariffs on Mexican exports, it is still weaker than levels hit in the last two years. Mexico's peso and Brazil's real gained on Monday as traders remained cautious amid lingering uncertainty over Trump's ability to make good on pledges of tax cuts and fiscal spending. The Mexican peso firmed nearly 0.8 percent after weakening for two straight days. The Brazilian real gained but remained vulnerable to political news out of the region's top economy. Brazil's Supreme Electoral Tribunal will begin proceedings on charges of illegal campaign funding that could lead to an annulment of the 2014 election, which could bring an abrupt end to the government of President Michel Temer. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 2000 GMT: Stock indexes daily YTD % % change The Latest change MSCI Emerging Markets 963.84 0.57 11.14 MSCI LatAm 2659.81 1.87 11.55 Brazil Bovespa 65158.79 0.27 8.19 Mexico IPC 48819.07 0.57 6.96 Chile IPSA 4791.56 0.17 15.42 Chile IGPA 24013.47 0.19 15.82 Argentina MerVal 20541.75 1.36 21.42 Colombia IGBC 10174.00 0.23 0.45 Venezuela IBC 43986.20 0.25 38.73 Currencies daily YTD % % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1130 0.53 4.38 Mexico peso 18.6785 0.76 11.06 Chile peso 658.2 0.30 1.90 Colombia peso 2870.98 0.07 4.55 Peru sol 3.25 -0.06 5.05 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3900 0.03 3.15 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.94 0.25 5.52 (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Dan Grebler)
KING COUNTY, Wash. – A Department of Natural Resources worker searching for a long-rumored “gingerbread treehouse” in Washington state's Snoqualmie National Forest found the house – and inside of it a cache of child pornography that led to a man's arrest.
Daniel M. Wood, 56, is facing child pornography charges in King County Superior Court after an FBI investigation tied them to the treehouse and dug up more child pornography in their Mill Creek home, according to court documents.
According to the Seattle Times, a summons was issued for Wood to appear in court March 26, and he's been ordered not to have contact with any minors.
According to court documents:
The DNR employee said he'd heard about the treehouse for years, and tried to find it five different times. Finally, in November 2016, they found what they described as “an elaborate treehouse that resembled a fairy or gingerbread house” about 8 feet off the ground. It was built illegally on federal land in the Snoqualmie National Forest.
Screwed to the walls inside the treehouse were framed pictures of young naked girls. There was also an envelope with more pictures of naked and scantily clad underage girls who appeared to be as young as 8.
They reported it to the King County Sheriff's Office and set off an investigation that would eventually involve the FBI.
A search and rescue volunteer who knew the area well told investigators that they had come across they cabin several times, and that he'd seen a Toyota FJ Cruiser parked nearby. They had the license plate number for the Toyota, and investigators tracked that to Wood's house.
Investigators gathered DNA evidence from a motorcycle parked outside Wood's house and from a cup they saw them drinking from, and matched that to DNA found inside the treehouse.
Investigators searched Wood's home and found an SD card that “contained thousands of images of child erotica and child pornography,” according to court documents.
Among the images on the card were photos of two young nude girls inside the treehouse, investigators said.
It's not clear if Wood or someone else built the cabin, which was constructed illegally, according to the court documents.
KUNA, ID - A local robotics team is gearing up for a big demonstration at Boise State University Saturday, Feb. 3, during the Engineering and Science Festival.
Members of VERN, a FIRST robotics team, is putting the finishes touches on their robot, which will be on display during the festival.
The team, now in its fourth year, is made up of 15 teenagers from across the Treasure Valley.
They say building and programming a robot isn't easiest, but having friends help you, makes it fun.
“There are a lot of intense moments where it gets hard to communicate with someone, but that's another part of the learning curve,” said Letizia Moro, team president. “In the end, it's fun. You make a lot of great friends here.”
The kids pride themselves on being active in the community.
They like helping out with summer robotics camps and putting on various community demonstrations.
You can check out their creation at Boise State on Saturday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., in the Kinesiology Building.
Collect tokens in this week's newspaper to enjoy unlimited rail travel to Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester and more for just £10 per person (kids go half price).
We have teamed up with Northern to bring our readers this offer.
The offer will allow you to go anywhere on Northern trains for one day. You can hop on and off as many times as you like.
Or, you can make a weekend of it, for £17.50 per person.
To qualify for this special offer, simply collect 3 tokens from your newspaper on participating dates, complete the correct on-line form, download and print the form and buy your tickets from any staffed ticket office.
Three tokens allow you to buy up to 4 Northern only Day Ranger tickets or Weekend Rover tickets which must all be used on the same day or weekend (depending on the ticket chosen). Travel is available between Monday 25 September - Sunday 26 November 2017 (excluding 21 October - 5 November 2017 inclusive).
How to claim your special offer
Visit the website northernrailway.co.uk and log in or register. Your application form will then be automatically populated with your details. Print it, affix your three tokens and visit any staffed station on the Northern network from September 25.
For full terms and conditions visit northernrailway.co.uk/jpress
Tokens are in the following editions:
W/C September 25
W/C October 2
W/C October 9
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police are trying to identify a man who was spotted in the Grafton Street area shortly after two men were stabbed at a bar early Sunday morning.
Police responded to The Toothy Moose on Argyle Street around 1 a.m. after receiving a report that an injured man was found bleeding outside the bar.
Initially, police said one man had been stabbed inside the bar by an unknown man. Now police say two men were injured in the incident.
A 38-year-old man was taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. A 27-year-old man also sustained a minor stab wound.
Police arrested a man inside the bar, but the man has been released without charges.
Now police are looking to speak with a man who was seen in the area after the incident. Police say they are believed to have had blood on their clothing.
 They are described as being roughly 30 years old and five-foot-eleven inches tall. They have gelled or slicked-back slightly wavy black hair.
They were wearing black socks with no shoes, a light-coloured shirt with a plaid pattern, and black pants.
Anyone with information about the incident or the man is asked to contact Halifax Regional Police or Crime Stoppers.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
MEXICO CITY (Sputnik) - A US military plane violated on Saturday the airspace of Venezuela near the archipelago of Los Monjes, country's Defense Minister Padrino Lopez said.
"On Saturday, a Boeing C17 plane of the US Air Force, which took off from the Hato base on the Curacao island and violated the [Venezuelan] airspace over the territorial waters near the Los Monjes archipelago, was revealed," Lopez said on Monday, as quoted by the Noticias24 media outlet. The minister called on the United States to respect the international air law.
The US-Venezuelan relations have been remaining tense for decades with Caracas regularly accusing Washington of interfering in its internal affairs.
In September, Venezuelan Foreign Affairs Minister Jorge Arreaza said after Donald Trump's speech at the UN General Assembly that the US president basically used UN platform to declare a war on Caracas. The minister then promised to take counter measures. Arreazaalso told reporters that Venezuela is open for dialogue with the US government but also is ready to respond to any hostile actions.
President Donald Trump has followed through with their promise to Americans who object to the Obamacare contraceptive mandate for religious or moral reasons by officially ending the Obama-era rule.
As expected, the Trump administration announced the end of the controversial mandate that has required employers to provide free contraception, sterilization procedures, and abortion-inducing drugs to their employees through health insurance plans.
advertisement
In early May, Trump signed an executive order protecting free speech and religious liberty for American faith groups. Part of the order directed the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to reexamine the contraceptive mandate.
A senior official with the administration said on background in a press briefing Thursday evening the new rule provides full protection for Americans with religious beliefs and moral convictions and acknowledges that the contraceptive mandate concerns serious issues of moral concern, including those involving human life.
According to the official, the rule will nevertheless leave free contraception in place for the vast majority of women since the new rule only covers moral and religious objections.
The mandate was inserted into Obamacare by former HHS secretary Kathleen Sebelius – an abortion activist – and bureaucrats in their department. Following objections by many religious employers to the requirements of the mandate, the Obama administration devised “accommodations” that only gave the appearance the religious groups would not be either footing the bill for, or passively approving of, the federal government's mandate of the offensive contraceptive drugs and sterilization procedures.
Planned Parenthood – which benefits financially from wider distribution of contraceptives – NARAL, and other feminist groups have attempted to portray Trump and other Republicans as intent on taking away women's birth control by reversing the mandate. The Obama administration itself, however, actually exempted at least 25 million Americans, through various exemption allowances, from its own rule.
The Becket Fund for Religious Liberty – which represented the Little Sisters of the Poor in its case against the HHS mandate, noted the Obama administration had exempted large corporations such as Chevron, Exxon, Visa, and Pepsi Bottling from the rule, as well as the U.S. military and large cities like New York City.
The Little Sisters – which provides care for the elderly poor – became a central focus of the HHS mandate when the religious order stood to receive onerous fines of up to $70 million at the hands of the federal government for not complying with the Obamacare requirement to provide drugs and procedures that violate their faith principles.
Becket Law said a new rule by the Trump administration would fulfill the Supreme Court's ruling in Zubik vs. Burwell last year as well as President Donald Trump's promise to Americans of faith and moral convictions.
The Supreme Court's decision in Zubik to send back the case of the Little Sisters and other faith organizations to the lower courts in effect protected groups such as the Little Sisters from the contraceptive mandate's onerous fines. The new Trump administration rule will now protect a larger group of employers from the mandate, and not just the “closely held” private companies – such as Hobby Lobby – which the U.S. Supreme Court also ruled could be exempt due to religious objections.
According to senior administration officials, the new rule expands exemptions to include other nonprofit organizations and for-profit groups – both closely-held and some that are publicly traded if they have religious objections, as well as other kinds of employers with religious objections.
Colleges and universities with religious objections that provide health insurance for students may also be exempt from the contraceptive mandate according to the new rule.
The mandate's end also means that individuals with religious or moral objections may receive an exemption if their employer or the insurance company that issues their health insurance is willing to provide them with a plan consistent with their beliefs.
Insurance companies themselves may be exempt under the new rule, according to senior HHS officials, though only to the extent that they offer a plan to groups or individuals who themselves have an exemption based on religious or moral objections.
During their presidential campaign, Trump had promised faith leaders and employers relief from the Obamacare mandate.
In a letter to the Catholic Leadership Conference in October of 2016, Trump told Catholic leaders just prior to their election that Hillary Clinton's support for the HHS mandate “is a hostility to religious liberty you will never see in a Trump Administration.”
Trump wrote:
On life, I am, and will remain, pro-life. I will defend your religious liberties and the right to fully and freely practice your religion, as individuals, business owners and academic institutions. I will make absolutely certain religious orders like The Little Sisters of Poor are not bullied by the federal government because of their religious beliefs.
The president invited the Little Sisters on stage with them at their first National Day of Prayer event at the White House in May and said to them, “I want you to know that your long ordeal will soon be over.”
“We will not allow people of faith to be targeted, bullied, or silenced anymore,” the president said. “We will never ever stand for religious discrimination.
“No American should be forced to choose between the dictates of the federal government and the tenets of their faith,” Trump added.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The news comes as US media reported that Russia deployed ground-based nuclear cruise missiles in violation of the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty.
The Pentagon supported the review of alleged the INF Treaty violations.
The treaty prohibits the development, deployment or testing of ground-launched ballistic or cruise missiles with ranges between 300 and 3,400 miles. It was implemented by 1991 with inspections carrying on until 2001.
"Russia's treaty violation requires a meaningful response," McCain stated in the release on Tuesday. "In light of the most recent developments, it is time for the new administration to take immediate action to enhance our deterrent posture in Europe and protect our allies."
McCain claimed Russia's violation of the INF treaty is a significant threat to US forces in Europe and its NATO allies, the release stated.
The United States should continue to modernize its nuclear forces and ensure NATO's nuclear deterrence forces are prepared to counter Russian nuclear doctrine, which calls for the first use of nuclear weapons, McCain added.
Russia has rejected the accusations, and said that the United States deploying its Europe-based missile defense system violates the INF treaty.
The striking new Tiguan features increased interior and cargo space, sophisticated driver assistance technology, and carries America's best SUV bumper-to-bumper transferable warranty
Pricing starts at $25,345 for the turbocharged 2.0L TSI® S FWD model
Carries a six-year/72,000-mile (whichever occurs first) New Vehicle Limited Warranty
Longer by 10.6 inches than the current model, with up to 58 percent more cargo space
Third-row seating standard on FWD models and available across AWD trims
Optional 4Motion® with Active Control all-wheel-drive system features four selectable modes for varied terrain
Available driver assistance technology includes: Front Assist with Pedestrian Monitoring, Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Traffic Alert, Adaptive Cruise Control, and Lane Assist
Panoramic sunroof and power liftgate among long list of available features
HERNDON, VA (June 14, 2017) — Volkswagen of America, Inc., today announced that pricing of the all-new 2018 Tiguan will start at $25,345 for the turbocharged 2.0L TSI® S FWD model, and $26,645 for the 2.0L TSI S 4Motion®. Built off of Volkswagen's award-winning MQB architecture, the 2018 Tiguan features a more modern design with bold lines, a wider stance, and premium interior touches. At 185.1 inches long, it gains 10.6 inches in length over the existing model, and features up to 58 percent more cargo space. Third-row seating comes standard on FWD models, and is optional on AWD models.
The new Tiguan offers a combination of both passive and active safety systems such as the Automatic Post-Collision Braking System. The 2018 Tiguan also carries the best transferable bumper-to-bumper warranty among SUVs in America: a six-year or 72,000-mile (whichever occurs first) New Vehicle Limited Warranty, with coverage that's transferable beyond the first owner. The Volkswagen SUV bumper-to-bumper transferable warranty, also applicable to 2018 Atlas models, includes coverage of powertrain components.
The 2018 Tiguan arrives in dealerships in Summer 2017. It will be available with an eight-speed automatic transmission mated to a four-cylinder turbocharged and direct-injection 2.0-liter TSI engine that produces 184 horsepower and 221 lb-ft of torque.
MODEL LINE UP
Tiguan S
The Tiguan S FWD starts at $25,345 and features a standard four-cylinder turbocharged 2.0L TSI engine. The Tiguan TSI S 4Motion starts at $26,645 and features four selectable modes to maximize grip on a variety of terrains or road conditions. Standard exterior features include 17-inch aluminum-alloy wheels; halogen headlights with LED Daytime Running Lights (DRLs); LED taillights; rearview camera; heated side mirrors; black roof rails; and trailer hitch preparation for hauling needs.
Inside, cloth seating with an upscale Rhombus pattern comes standard. The 40:20:40 split second row features sliding and reclining seats that can fold completely flat, using either the levers on the seatbacks or a quick fold mechanism accessed in the cargo area. Standard interior equipment includes a 6.5-inch Composition Color touchscreen infotainment system with Bluetooth® connectivity for compatible devices; one USB port; six speakers; and Volkswagen Car-Net® App-Connect for compatible devices, enabling integration with the three major smartphone platforms—Apple CarPlay™, Android Auto™ and MirrorLink®.
Tiguan SE
Building off of the S trim, the Tiguan SE starts at $29,080. Standard features include an 8-inch Composition Media infotainment system with SiriusXM® Satellite Radio with a three-month trial subscription, Voice Control and two additional (three total) USB ports; VW Car-Net Security & Service; KESSY® keyless access with push-button start; Climatronic® automatic dual-zone climate control; rearview camera with dynamic guidelines; multi-function leather-wrapped steering wheel; leather gear shift knob; leatherette seating surfaces; Forward Collision Warning and Autonomous Emergency Braking with Pedestrian Monitoring (Front Assist) and Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Traffic Alert. The Tiguan SE 4Motion model is available for $30,380.
Tiguan SEL
Starting at $32,550, the Tiguan SEL builds off the SE trim and adds a host of advanced driver assistance technologies, modern conveniences and premium design elements. Sitting on 18-inch aluminum-alloy wheels, the Tiguan SEL features an 8-inch Discover Media infotainment system with navigation; power liftgate; remote start; silver roof rails; panoramic sunroof with ambient lighting; and Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC), newly upgraded for use in stop and go traffic. The Tiguan SEL 4Motion model is available for $33,850.
Tiguan SEL Premium
The Tiguan SEL Premium builds off the SEL trim and starts at $36,250. The SEL Premium rides on 19-inch aluminum-alloy wheels, and features LED headlights with an Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS); signature LED Daytime Running Lights (DRLs); rain-sensing wipers; power-folding door mirrors with puddle lights; hands-free Easy Open and Easy Close power liftgate; ambient lighting; heated steering wheel; leather seating surfaces; and a cargo cover. Driver assistance features include Lane Departure Warning (Lane Assist), automatic High Beam Control (Light Assist), front and rear Park Distance Control (ParkPilot) and Overhead View Camera (Area View). Premium infotainment features include the Fender® Premium Audio System and a 12.3-inch Volkswagen Digital Cockpit display, allowing drivers to reconfigure how they view vehicle information. The Tiguan SEL Premium 4Motion model is available for $37,550.
Destination fee on all models is $900.
PACKAGES
Third-Row Seating. Front-wheel-drive models come standard with three rows of seats. 4Motion all-wheel-drive models can increase seating capacity to seven with an optional third row for $500.
Driver Assistance. Forward Collision Warning and Autonomous Emergency Braking with Pedestrian Monitoring (Front Assist) and Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Traffic Alert are available on Tiguan S for $850.
Panoramic Sunroof. Providing an even more airy and bright cabin, a panoramic sunroof with an ambient lighting surround is available on Tiguan SE for $1,200.
R-Line®. A performance-inspired R-Line package, offering sporty exterior and interior design treatments that amplify Tiguan's bold appearance, is available on SEL for $1,795 (also includes front and rear ParkPilot) and SEL Premium trims for $1,495. Late availability.
PIERRE-EMERICK AUBAMEYANG and Henrikh Mkhitaryan dazzled on their Emirates Stadium debuts as Aaron Ramsey's hat-trick led Arsenal's unceremonious 5-1 thumping of Everton.
By the time £56million recruit Aubameyang displayed their midas touch in front of goal, Arsene Wenger's side were already three goals to the good and cruising on account of Aaron Ramsey's first two strikes, which came either side of a Laurent Koscielny header.
Mkhitaryan set up the Wales international's opener and also laid on Aubameyang, their old partner in crime at Borussia Dortmund, for a goal on their maiden Premier League appearance, although the offside flag should have ruled that one out.
Arguably, a defensive showing as abject as the ramshackle interpretation offered by Everton in the first half deserved such ill fortune.
On-loan Manchester City centre-back Eliaquim Mangala suffered a debut ordeal and deflected Ramsey's second past Jordan Pickford, while Sam Allardyce's pre-match assertion that Arsenal were defensively weak came back to bite them brutally and repeatedly.
Everton improved after the break – it would have surely been impossible to do otherwise – and substitute Dominic Calvert-Lewin reduced the arrears before Ramsey claimed the match ball from Mkhitaryan's third assist.
Arsenal's new-look forward line slotted effortlessly into gear as the two one-time Dortmund allies combined to create a sixth-minute opener.
Aubameyang found Mkhitaryan with a clever reverse pass down the right channel and the Armenia playmaker cut an excellent ball across the Everton six-yard box to leave Ramsey with a simple finish.
The record signing had a shot deflected behind by Ashley Williams that led to another corner, at which point Arsenal made it 2-0 – Shkodran Mustafi flicking on a delivery from the newly contracted Mesut Ozil for fellow centre-back Koscielny to stoop and convert.
It was proving to be a somewhat contrasting debut for Mangala as they turned their back to deflect Ramsey's 19th-minute drive beyond Pickford's best efforts.
Mustafi celebrated as if they were the latest man to get on the scoresheet when their flying challenge denied Theo Walcott a breakaway goal on their return to Emirates Stadium.
Scoring start Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Source: Victoria Jones
In the 32nd minute it was time for Aubameyang's counter-attacking pace to come to the fore, with Ozil's ball over the top releasing him, but England goalkeeper Pickford stood firm.
Having gone for power on that occasion, the Gabon striker delighted with sumptuous finesse to chip home their maiden Premier League goal – their link-up with Mkhitaryan proving fruitful once more.
Arsenal left-back Nacho Monreal almost prolonged their recent goalscoring form by heading against the post before a disorientated Everton made hastily for the dressing room.
Walcott had a shot blocked before curling in a delightful cross for Oumar Niasse to hit the upright, meaning the visitors' rally early in the second half was as impressive as it was futile.
Allardyce decided Walcott had given enough on their old stomping ground after the hour and replacement Calvert-Lewin outjumped fellow substitute Sead Kolasinac to plant a header past Petr Cech.
The veteran goalkeeper soon made way for David Ospina, having failed to shake off a knock from when Niasse tested their post.
And the new shot stopper was given even more insurance 16 minutes from time when the on-rushing Ramsey slammed home Mkhitaryan's cutback.
Sixth-placed Arsenal are now within three points of Tottenham in fifth, while Everton being 14 back from the Gunners in 10th seems an inadequate demonstration of the gulf between the sides.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
LOS ANGELES, Calif. – A woman reported missing in Northern California last November has been found in an unusual, but highly visible place: on a popular reality television program.
Eagle-eyed viewers of “The Bachelor” identified Rebekah Helena Martinez this week as a contestant on the show's current season after the North Coast Journal showed their photo among 35 people missing in Humboldt County, according to the publication.
Martinez, 22, has been listed as missing on the California Department of Justice's website since Nov. 12. The date, according to the website, was the last time the young woman was seen.
On Thursday, the North Coast Journal posted a story, accompanied by photographs, about missing people in Humboldt County on Facebook, asking if any of their readers recognized anyone on the list.
And they did.
The first to respond, Amy Bonner O'Brien, said they recognized Martinez as a contestant on the latest season of “The Bachelor”; the long-running reality television series began airing its 22nd season at the beginning of last month.
“I was just scrolling through the 35 missing people and I recognized some of them from news stories,” O'Brien recalled in an interview with SFGate. “When I got to her, I was like wait a minute, they look so familiar and I instantly thought of ‘The Bachelor.'”
The Journal followed up on the tip, contacting the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office after tracking down an Instagram account belonging to Martinez. The account had been active throughout the time the woman had been listed as missing.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
A short time later, the deputy who took the missing person's report confirmed to the publication that they had been located. The deputy spoke with Martinez over the phone, according to sheriff's spokesperson Samantha Karges.
They told the Journal that Martinez's mother reported their daughter missing on Nov. 18, six days after they had last been seen. Martinez had told their mother they were going to work on a marijuana farm in Humboldt County.
“As part of procedure, Humboldt County Sheriff's Office deputies are typically required to make direct contact with the missing person to confirm status and well-being, as geographical and other factors allow,” the Sheriff's Office said in a statement obtained by the New York Times. “A deputy was not able to make direct contact with Martinez and they were not removed from the Missing and Unidentified Persons System.”
Martinez had posted on Sept. 17 that they were giving up their phone and social media for several weeks. Them next post was dated Nov. 22.
According to their contestant biography on ABC's website, Martinez — who goes by Bekah M. — is from Fresno and works as a nanny.
California regulators won't require ride-hailing services like Uber and Lyft to get fingerprinted as part of their background checks to operate in the Golden State. Taxi drivers, however, must be fingerprinted in California.
The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC), which regulates the ride-hailing industry, said that "after much consideration and debate," criminal background checks on drivers that don't include fingerprint checks are all that will be required, and those checks must be done by an accredited company and performed annually.
The CPUC, however, said Wednesday that it won't require biometric screening because "doing so would not add a greater level of safety." The agency is expected to approve the plan on November 9.
"Although we recognize the public's familiarity with fingerprinting, we do not see that a demonstratively greater level of safety would be added over and above the current background-check protocols," Commissioner Liane Randolph said.
The taxi industry has pushed for the fingerprinting of ride-hailing service drivers to put them in line with cab drivers, but the ride-hailing service lobby won over the commission.
"Disappointed the CPUC is neglecting to protect riders by requiring the safest form of driver screening for Uber and Lyft," said Dave Sutton of the taxi-funded campaign "Who's Driving You?" They told the Mercury News that "California lawmakers and consumers should remain aware there's a time-tested and superior form of background check: fingerprinting."
Fingerprinting has been a big deal when it comes to ride-hailing services. Uber and Lyft, for example, quit servicing Austin, Texas, last year because of a fingerprinting requirement. The services returned this spring after state lawmakers changed the law.
No state requires ride-hailing drivers to be fingerprinted. But a smattering of cities, including New York City, require them. The companies claim they discourage new drivers from applying, that they are unreliable, and that background checks should suffice.
Former Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said last year that people should be able to get a job despite being arrested.
"Imagine a country where people might get arrested who shouldn't get arrested. Imagine if that country were the US," they said. "We have systems in place where if you're arrested, you literally can't get work, even if you're found to be innocent. And it's unjust."
Fingerprint checks are scanned into an FBI database that chronicles a person's entire life. Uber and Lyft's background checks search about seven years back. They query courthouses in the areas where prospective drivers live. The National Sex Offender site is also searched. A new California law demands that the ride-hailing companies perform a lifetime background check for major felonies.
"We appreciate the Commission's thoughtful review of this important issue," Uber said in a statement. "We are encouraged by their proposed decision which promotes both public safety and economic opportunity."
According to the Mercury News, the CPUC said fingerprinting wasn't all that it was cracked up to be:
For one thing, people who submit fingerprints via the popular Live Scan service aren't required to show photo ID, the commission wrote. And criminal records, even those attached to a fingerprint, are only as accurate and up-to-date as the information provided by local courts and law enforcement agencies. When there are errors in those records, requiring a fingerprint can actually exacerbate those resulting delays, the commission wrote. For the general public, though, it appears the answer wasn't so clear-cut. The commission has received 1,817 comments on the issue since June 2016—48 percent of respondents were in favor of fingerprint background checks, and 49 percent were opposed. About 2 percent said "it depends."
Lyft said in a statement that the CPUC's move was "a recognition of Lyft's strong background check process which prioritizes public safety without limiting innovation or economic opportunity."
Buffalo's Mariah Suchan and Florida State's Ama Degbeon fight for a rebound all the way to the floor in the second round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Tallahassee, Fla. Buffalo won 86-65. (AP Photo/Steve Cannon)
Buffalo's Mariah Suchan and Florida State's Ama Degbeon fight for a rebound all the way to the floor in the second round game of the NCAA women's college basketball tournament, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Tallahassee, Fla. Buffalo won 86-65. (AP Photo/Steve Cannon)
NEW YORK (AP) - Buffalo and Central Michigan are crashing the women's Sweet 16.
The two 11 seeds from the Mid-American Conference pulled off stunning road upsets of Florida State and Ohio State on Monday night to advance to the regional semifinals for the first time in school history.
It's the first time a school from the MAC has advanced this far since Bowling Green reached the regional semifinals in 2007.
Buffalo coach Felisha Legette-Jack said they spoke on the phone with Central Michigan coach Sue Guevara after their game was over. Buffalo was the first team from the conference to earn an at-large berth in 22 years.
"Our goal was to let people know that the MAC was alive and well," Legette-Jack said.
They sure are.
"We are excited to see success come from two teams in the MAC because it's always been a one-bid league," the Bulls' Stephanie Reid said. "For as long as I have been here, for I know as long as Coach (Legette-Jack) has been here, for a long time, it's been a one-bid league. They finally opened up to us and accepted us into the tournament at-large and now we are showing why."
Both Buffalo and Central Michigan won by double digits.
"This team will not fold," Guevara said. "This team is very tough, this team is very focused. We know what we had to do and we went out and did it."
While making the Sweet 16 is new for both those schools, UConn is headed to its 25th consecutive regional semifinals.
Huskies coach Geno Auriemma wasn't surprised to see a few newcomers in the regionals.
"If you look around the country, mid-major programs are better than people think and they're one of the best," they said. "Women's basketball mid-majors don't get any respect. On the men's side they do, but not on the women's side. So for this year to have what's happening with the mid-majors (winning), I think that's the best thing that's ever happened. I mean, I'm glad it didn't happen more. I think it happened just enough times."
The Huskies beat Quinnipiac to advance to the Albany Regional. All four No. 1 seeds advanced to the Sweet 16 for the ninth consecutive season.
Here are a few other tidbits from the Sweet 16:
CONFERENCE BREAKDOWN: The Atlantic Coast Conference and Pac-12 have four teams apiece in the regionals. The Southeastern Conference has three while the Big 12 joins the MAC with two. The American has one.
LUCKY 11: Gonzaga was the last 11 seed to advance to the Sweet 16, doing so in 2015. Three years earlier was the last time that two 11 seeds advanced to the regional semifinals, when Kansas and the Zags both advanced this far.
FAMILIAR TEAMS: Eleven of the 16 teams in the Sweet 16 advanced that far last season. The only other new teams besides the MAC squads are Texas A&M, Duke and N.C. State. The Wolfpack are back there for the first time in 11 years.
___
Follow Doug Feinberg on Twitter at https://twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Customs police in the Famagusta area seized approximately €20,000 worth of imitation items from four different stores in the region on Tuesday, police said.
According to authorities, in a joint raid by officers from police HQ and the district officers, 3,680 items were seized, including clothing, bags, sunglasses, wallets, hats, and other items.
The items all bore logos from brand names including Adidas, Nike, Converse, Polo, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Ray Ban, Levis and other brand names.
The items were confiscated while the customs department and officers are continuing their investigations.
SAN FRANCISCO — Tesla's innovative and controversial Autopilot software — which powers the partially self-driving features of its electric cars — is most often used for highway driving, according to the initial findings of an MIT study using volunteer owners.
The research, shared at a conference in Cambridge, Mass. Wednesday, came a day after the latest crash of a Tesla using Autopilot, and as two consumer groups renewed criticism of the software's name and marketing, which they say dangerously misleads drivers.
Launched in 2015, the software Tesla CEO Elon Musk once said could be "safer than humans" is receiving more scrutiny as the number of Teslas on the road increase and other automakers unveil their own, partially autonomous vehicles.
A Tesla that the driver said was in Autopilot mode struck a parked police vehicle in Laguna Beach, Calif.
Laguna Beach Police Department
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in on-going study of 34 Tesla owners who volunteered for the project, found Autopilot is used 36% of the time by drivers in the test group of 22 cars (some are owned by couples).
"That it's actually being used quite often by most drivers jibes with what Musk has said," Bryan Reimer, research scientist in the MIT AgeLab and associate director of MIT's New England University Transportation Center, told USA TODAY.
Drivers are most likely to use it for highway-speed driving, with the next biggest cluster between 25 and 45 miles per hour, Reimer said in an address Wednesday to the New England Motor Press Association's annual tech conference.
More: 'Consumer Reports' reverses course, recommends Tesla Model 3 after Elon Musk improves brakes
More: Your fancy new car steers and brakes for you; so why keep your hands on the wheel?
More: Tesla, Uber crashes spotlight automatic emergency braking. Here's what it won't do.
More: Warning, drivers: Your car can cruise on its own, but you're still responsible
Tesla owners seem to come in a few flavors. Some adore their cutting-edge tech sedans but never engage Autopilot, but most are so enamored of the semi-autonomous features that they use them regularly to take some of the monotony out of driving. (In more extreme cases, they film themselves while the car drives itself.)
Reimer says that interviews with the test group's Tesla owners, who will be studied for the coming year, show a "glaring gap" in the understanding of such technology.
That confusion may well have played a role in some of the recent crashes involving Teslas on Autopilot.
The latest one happened Tuesday in Laguna Beach, Calif., where a Model S hit and totaled a parked, but empty, police car.
In an earlier Utah crash, the driver — who sustained only a broken ankle after hitting a stopped fire truck at 60 mph — was looking at their phone and disengaged from driving for 80 seconds before impact. In March, the driver of a Model X died after their Autopilot-enabled car steered into a highway divider in Mountain View, Calif.
A Tesla sedan with a semi-autonomous Autopilot feature rear-ended a fire department truck at 60 mph (97 kph) apparently without braking before impact on May 11, 2018, but police say it's unknown if the Autopilot feature was engaged.
South Jordan Police Department/AP
In each case, Tesla has responded by reminding consumers that the system is not meant to turn the vehicle into a self-driving car and that it requires constant driver oversight.
But Musk's enthusiastic forecast for the capabilities of Autopilot, as well as its name, often override those admonitions, say two consumer groups.
Consumer Watchdog and the Center for Auto Safety held a press conference in Los Angeles Wednesday to urge state and federal regulators to push Tesla to rename Autopilot and possibly require that it be tested further.
"People relying on Tesla (Autopilot) are getting killed, and that's what we're trying to stop," said John Simpson, privacy and technology project director at Consumer Watchdog, which has been dogging Tesla for years.
Simpson said the two groups are urging the California Department of Motor Vehicles officials to investigate how the electric automaker's claims about the technology match up to Autopilot's reality.
Jason Levine, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, said that the consumer groups also are asking the Federal Trade Commission to look into what they call "dangerously misleading and deceptive marketing practices" associated with Autopilot.
"Tesla has captured the imagination of the buying public with car pitched directly to consumers by a celebrity CEO," Levine said. "But the software and hardware (of Autopilot, which uses radar and cameras to scan the road ahead) needs to be improved, or the name has to be changed. These recent deaths should give politicians pause."
Tesla founder Elon Musk presenting the new Roadster electric sports vehicle (on background), presented to media on Nov. 16, 2017 at Tesla's Los Angeles design center. Tesla says the Roadster will accelerate from 0-60 mph in less than two seconds. Tesla says the new Roadster will cost $200,000 and will be released in three years.
/TESLA HANDOUT VIA EPA-EFE
One of the trickiest aspects of semi-self-driving cars involves the moment when a situation requires handing control back to the driver, also known as the "handoff."
Automakers from Tesla to Nissan to Cadillac have used different kinds of feedback to force the driver to re-engage with the vehicle once this driver-assist tech is deployed.
In the MIT study, of the nearly 20,000 studied Autopilot "disengagements" — when control was handed back to drivers — a scant 0.5% were initiated by the car, with humans taking over for reasons ranging from planned maneuvers to complex road scenarios.
Nissan's ProPILOT Assist technology, which is paving the way for future fully autonomous vehicles, is aimed at reducing the hassle of stop-and-go driving by helping control acceleration, braking and steering during single-lane highway driving. But drivers must constantly oversee the system, Nissan says.
Nissan, Wieck
That result suggests this particular test group does not seem to be abusing the system, which would trigger various warnings to take back control of the vehicle.
The general public has been fascinated when it comes to the coming age of self-driving cars, a future heralded by some of technology's biggest names. But this effort took a hit in March when an Uber autonomous car killed a pedestrian in Arizona and led to the company pulling out of the statewide testing.
Just how much confusion exists is hammered home by a finding from an MIT AgeLab survey question that asked respondents: "To your awareness, are self-driving vehicles available for purchase today?"
Nearly 23% said yes. But there are no self-driving vehicles are available for purchase today; only cars with semi-autonomous features such as Autopilot.
"As I mentioned," says Reimer, "there's a lot of confusion out there."
Follow USA TODAY tech writer Marco della Cava on Twitter.
Elon Musk: Tech pioneer Elon Musk CEO of SpaceX, speaks to the media during a press conference after the Falcon Heavy Launch on Feb. 6, 2018. 01 / 17 Elon Musk CEO of SpaceX, speaks to the media during a press conference after the Falcon Heavy Launch on Feb. 6, 2018. 01 / 17
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
It won't be far off home advantage next Sunday for Leitrim hurlers after the Allianz NHL Division 3B Final against Lancashire has been fixed for Ballyconnell, just across the border in Cavan.
It will, however, be an early start for the hurlers with the game fixed for a 12 noon throw-in with Leitrim's Allianz NFL Division 4 game against Wicklow fixed for 3 pm, meaning that some fans may try to take in both games even if it will be a bit of a rush.
Sunday's double header of Leitrim games also poses a massive dilemna for Colm Moreton as the Leitrim Gaels clubman is involved with both panels and would be a massive addition to the hurling squad as they seek to lift all too rare silverware.
A Saturday game would appear to have made far more sense but that would depend on travelling arrangements for Lancashire who will seek to repeat their one-point win over the Green & Gold from the group stages.
INTERNATIONAL - Following in Facebook and Google's footsteps, Twitter is set to ban a range of cryptocurrency advertising, including initial coin offerings, token sales, and wallets Sky News reported.
According to Sky News, Twitter will implement a new advertising policy in two weeks, which prohibits most cryptocurrency advertising.
“Twitter may also ban all ads for cryptocurrency exchanges, with some limited exceptions, when the policy is launched,” said Sky. Its decision to ban cryptocurrency advertisements follows similar decisions from Google and Facebook.
In January, Facebook prohibited ads for currencies such as Bitcoin in an effort to combat deceptive marketers, while Google followed suit last week.
TOP STORY: INFOGRAPHIC: Things to know about Blockchain
Google will ban online advertisements promoting cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings from June.
This isn't the first set of steps that Twitter has taken to stop deceptive cryptocurrency scams, Earlier this month, Twitter implemented measures such as removing accounts involved in cryptocurrency-related scams spreading on the platform.
READ ALSO: Facebook updates its policy to ban cryptocurrency adverts
READ ALSO: Google bans all cryptocurrency-related advertising
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
In response to violence at a white supremacists rally in Charlottesville, Va. Saturday — in which a self-proclaimed member of the racist group drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one — the Illinois state Senate adopted a resolution Sunday that takes a hard stance on white supremacy and neo-Nazi groups.
The resolution urges law enforcement officials to label white nationalist groups and neo-Nazis as terrorist organizations, according to the Chicago Tribune.
State Sen. Don Harmon (D), who sponsored the resolution, said it was “vital” to stand up and condemn the “hatred, bigotry and violence” that white nationalists displayed over the weekend.
“They are the heirs of the Ku Klux Klan and the Nazis. We fought two bloody wars in opposition to their ideologies. We must continue to fight those same twisted ideologies today,” they tweeted Sunday. “Diversity has always and will always make America stronger and better.”
1/ I introduced a resolution in the Senate today condemning the inexcusable violence committed by white nationalist & neo-Nazi groups — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
2/ in Charlottesville yesterday. It is vital that we stand in total opposition to the hatred, bigotry & violence displayed by these groups. — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
3/ They are the heirs to the Ku Klux Klan and the Nazis. We fought two bloody wars in opposition to their ideologies. — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
4/ We must continue to fight those same twisted ideologies today. — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
5/ Diversity has always and will always make America stronger and better. — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
6/ . We condemn these groups and their actions, as they are the opposite of what our country strives to be. — Don Harmon (@DonHarmonIL) August 13, 2017
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gloucester's Anglo-Welsh Cup campaign ended with a defeat at Newcastle.
After Bath's win over Ospreys on Friday night, Gloucester's hopes of reaching the semi-finals were already over but Newcastle had it all to play for and it showed as the hosts got the bonus-point win to virtually book their place in the last four.
Gloucester took the lead after eight minutes when Big Ben set up little Ben for a try, Morgan with the powerful run down to blindside that created a two-on-one and giving Vellacott a clear run to the line. Owen Williams converted.
Newcastle levelled in the 15 minute following a five-metre lineout and a series of pick and drives with hooker Kyle Cooper eventually scoring. Toby Flood added the extras before going off with a head injury.
Cooper scored their second from close range to put Newcastle ahead and three minutes later the Newcastle hooker was influential again as they punched through Gloucester's defence before Michael Young offloaded for Mark Wilson to cross the whitewash.
Both tries were converted by Joel Hodgson as Newcastle opened up a 21-7 lead after 30 minutes.
Gloucester were suddenly spurred into life and Gareth Evans pulled a try back three minutes before half-time following a rolling maul with Williams converting.
Newcastle got their bonus-point try two minutes into the second half when Vereneki Goneva linked up with Josh Matavesi on the left before passing inside for Alex Tait to score.
Hodgson added the extras and a penalty in front of the posts to take Newcastle 31-14 ahead.
Gloucester used their bench with 18-year-old Academy players Aaron Hinkley and Tom Seabrook coming on for their senior debuts and they gradually got back into the game.
Newcastle had centred Matevesi yellow carded for blocking Vellacott's quickly taken tap penalty from close range and soon after Matt Scott scored with a superb run through the defence started from Williams' offload just outside the 22.
Gloucester kept searching for a bonus-point try of their own but couldn't find a way through and Newcastle will now go through to have a chance of reaching the Kingsholm final unless Leicester can score 13 tries against Wasps on Sunday.
Newcastle: S Hammersley; A Tait, T Penny, J Matavesi, V Goneva; T Flood, M Young; S Mavinga, K Cooper, S Wilson; G Young, A Davidson; M Wilson (c), 7 N Latu, A Hogg.
Replacements: B Sowrey, A Brocklebank, T Davison, R Burrows, C Chick, J Hodgson, Z Kibirige, S Takulua.
Gloucester: T Hudson; D Halaifonua, M Scott, M Atkinson, H Purdy; O Williams, B Vellacott; C Orr, M Matu'u, G Denman; C Beckett, J Thrush (c); G Evans, W Safe, B Morgan.
Replacements: R Hibbard, P McAllister, C Knight, T Denton, A Hinkley, C Braley, E Creed, T Seabrook.
The US Department of Homeland Security recently warned that malicious hackers may have targeted US phone users by exploiting a four-decades-old networking protocol used by cell phone providers around the world, according to a spokesperson for US Senator Ron Wyden (D-Ore.). Meanwhile, the spokesperson said, one of the nation's major cellular carriers recently experienced a breach of that same protocol that exposed customer data.
Short for Signalling System No. 7, SS7 is the routing protocol that allows cell phone users to connect seamlessly from network to network as they travel throughout the world. With little built-in security and no way for carriers to verify one another, SS7 has always posed a potential hole that people with access could exploit to track the real-time location of individual users. In recent years, the threat has expanded almost exponentially, in part because the number of companies with access to SS7 has grown from a handful to thousands. Another key reason: hackers can now abuse the routing protocol not just to geolocate people but, in many cases, to intercept text messages and voice calls.
SS7 already being exploited
In a letter Sen. Wyden received last week, DHS officials warned that “nefarious actors may have exploited” SS7 to “target the communications of American citizens,” Wyden spokesperson Keith Chu told Ars, confirming an article published Wednesday by The Washington Post. On Tuesday, Wyden sent a letter to Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai that heightened concerns of SS7 hacks on US infrastructure.
“This threat is not merely hypothetical—malicious attackers are already exploiting SS7 vulnerabilities,” Wyden wrote. “One of the major wireless carriers informed my office that it reported an SS7 breach, in which customer data was accessed, to law enforcement through the government's Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) Reporting Portal.”
Such reports are legally required when carriers believe customer data has been illegally accessed. Chu declined to say who the US carrier is.
It's not clear if the DHS warning involving nefarious actors is related to the SS7 breach involving the unnamed US carrier. It's also unknown how many customers are affected by the SS7 breach or whether the nefarious actors the DHS warned of work on behalf of a nation-sponsored espionage operation or as part of a profit-motivated crime operation. Chu said that neither the DHS nor US carriers have provided those details to Wyden's office.
In 2016, US Representative Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) got a vivid demonstration of the threat posed by SS7. They gave reporters from CBS News magazine 60 Minutes permission to abuse their access to the routing protocol to record their calls and monitor their movements using nothing more than the public 10-digit phone number associated with the handset they used.
A year later, thieves used SS7 to bypass two-factor authentication that banks used to prevent unauthorized withdrawals from online accounts. The hack allowed the attackers to intercept one-time passwords before they could be received by the intended bank customers. Exploit brokers have offered $100,000 payouts for hackers who develop reliable SS7 exploits.
Further Reading Website leaked real-time location of most US cell phones to almost anyone The renewed focus on SS7 as a backchannel for spying on cellphone users comes almost three weeks after The New York Times reported that a little-known company called Securus allowed law enforcement officers to locate most American cell phones within seconds. The privacy concerns such services raise mushroomed in the coming days when hackers and researchers discovered vulnerabilities that exposed usernames and password data for Securus customers and leaked the real-time locations of US cell phones from LocationSmart, the company that provided the data to Securus.
“Market failure”
Sen. Wyden's letter this week to the FCC chairperson is a reminder that loopholes that allow all the carriers to share customer location data aren't the only threat facing cellphone users. In responses sent late last year to Wyden's questions about SS7 security, both Verizon and T-Mobile confirmed that they were still in the process of implementing firewalls that would filter malicious requests. AT&T, meanwhile, said it implemented such firewalls but didn't say when.
The senator accused the FCC of failing to adequately answer the threat posed by SS7, noting among other things that a working group the FCC convened in 2016 to address SS7 vulnerabilities was dominated by carrier insiders and comprised no academic experts. They called on Pai to compile a list of SS7 breaches that have occurred in the past five years.
“The FCC must now take swift action, using its regulatory authority over the wireless carriers, to address the market failure that has enabled the industry to ignore this and other serious cybersecurity issues for decades,” Wyden wrote. They asked for Pai to respond by July 9.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CA -- Whether you want to admit it or not, Tinder has changed the dating game for a lot of people looking for love. It may be because the app has become more and more inclusive. Tinder just swiped right and launched a new contest -- $100,000 will go towards a wedding for one lucky LGBTQ couple.
All users have to do is submit their Tinder "success story," but this gift of love was inspired by the app's users. Last year, the app dropped the "binary-only" labels and introduced it's LGBTQ singles to 37 different gender identity options including transgender female, transsexual male, agender and gender queer.
The update was clearly a hit for couples like Max and Mark:
Or Julia who found their match thanks to Tinder.
Awwwwwww... If that doesn't make your heart strings tender... we don't know what will.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Music can reduce the anxiety and pain of invasive surgery, according to an analysis of all relevant randomized controlled trials published since 1980.
Ninety-two trials with a total of 7385 patients were included in the BJS (British Journal of Surgery) analysis. Music interventions significantly decreased anxiety and pain compared with controls, equivalent to a decrease of 21 mm for anxiety and 10 mm for pain on a 100-mm visual analogue scale.
There was no significant association between the effect of music interventions and age, sex, choice and timing of music, and type of anaesthesia.
"This result makes it now possible to create guidelines for the implementation of music interventions around surgical procedures," said lead author Dr. Rosalie Kühlmann, of Erasmus MC-Sophia Children's Hospital, in The Netherlands.
###
The White House on Wednesday shook off criticism of the emergency response to Hurricane Maria following a Harvard study that estimated the death toll from last year's tragedy in Puerto Rico may have reached 5,000.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders, asked about the startling numbers in the Harvard study, defended FEMA's response to the storm that slammed into the island as a Category 4 hurricane Sept. 20, two weeks after the island was ravaged by Hurricane Irma.
Sanders said the government responded to the storm with the largest FEMA effort in history.
"We have been supportive of Gov. Rosello's efforts to ensure full accounting and transparency, and those who have suffered from this tragedy deserve nothing less," they added.
National Nurse United, the nation's largest union for registered nurses, said the study confirmed what volunteer nurses who went to the island in the days and weeks after the Sept. 20 landfall witnessed — residents "left to die" by a federal response that "failed its own American citizens."
“Nurses on the ground saw that people were dying," said Bonnie Castillo, executive director of the union. "Our volunteer RNs came back to the U.S. and said again and again, ‘The people of Puerto Rico are dying. Do something!'"
Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., who serves on the House Committee on Homeland Security, called the Harvard estimate "heartbreaking" and blasted the federal response to the storm as "woefully inadequate."
FEMA assistant administrator Michael Byrne defended their agency's effort before a House committee two months ago.
Byrne testified more than 19,000 federal staff from 80 agencies were on the ground at the height of the emergency effort. More than a billion dollars in commodities, such as food, water, tarps, and construction materials "were delivered by air, off-road vehicles and on foot, making it the largest and longest commodity delivery mission in FEMA's history," they said.
Maria destroyed thousands of buildings and knocked out power to virtually the entire U.S. territory of more than 3 million people. Researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health released a study this week based on a survey of more than 3,000 households on the battered island.
The researchers determined at least 4,645 "excess deaths" occurred during the storm and the weeks that followed as the island struggled to provide basic services such as food, water and medical care. The researchers also said the number was probably conservative, and that the total could have exceeded 5,000.
By comparison, more than 1,800 people died when Katrina roared across the U.S. Gulf Coast as a Category 5 hurricane in 2005.
Christy Delafield, a spokesperson for the global humanitarian organization Mercy Corps, has spent time in Puerto Rico since Maria. They said their group always believed official numbers seemed low, but "Harvard's numbers are worse than we feared."
"The lack of electricity and basic services meant that people couldn't get the help they needed for a long time after the storm," they said. "The elderly, people with health problems and the very young were at particular risk."
Carlos Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said the Puerto Rico government welcomed the study and would analyze it further. They said officials expected the number would be much higher than previous counts, and a team at George Washington University has been conducting a review of the death total that is due soon.
"As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities," they said. "Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
By Patrizia Paola C. Marcelo, Reporter
FACEBOOK said it is open to more organizations to partner with for fact-checking news links in the Philippines.
Director of Community Affairs for Asia-Pacific Clair Deevy said they welcome more parties doing the third-party checking of news links on Facebook.
Those eligible to partner would have to be accredited by Poynter Institute for Media Studies as part of its International Fact Checking Network.
“We certainly hope that more people would be interested because we really think this is a big issue,” Ms. Deevy said in a media roundtable on April 24.
They added: “The more people looking at it and working with us on it, the better we can get in terms of making sure that there is high quality content on Facebook….We want to have a wide variety of fact checkers.”
Facebook has partnered with Rappler Inc.'s Rappler IQ and Vera Files, both accredited by Poynter, to do third-party fact-checking of news links that lead to stories on websites outside Facebook. Ms. Deevy said the organizations are compensated by Facebook but they did not disclose any amount.
Ms. Deevy said they chose Poynter because of its transparency and openness. Presidential spokesperson Harry L. Roque, Jr. had said the government plans to meet Facebook over its choice of Rappler and Vera Files. Ms. Deevy said they have yet to meet government representatives.
Under the system, news stories flagged on Facebook will be reviewed by Rappler IQ and Vera Files.
Users will be able to flag potential false news stories and will be informed if a story they shared on Facebook is verified as false. Also, pages on the site that repeatedly share false news will be seen less across news feeds and will see reduced distribution and removal of monetizing and advertising rights.
The news link verified as false will only be marked and will not be taken down. Instead, the fact-checkers will provide news links that counter the false story's claims.
The fact-checking, however, does not involve text posts, images, or videos.
The company is keeping its options open regarding fact-checking on images and videos in the Philippines. Fact-checking of images and videos has started abroad (according to news reports).
“We are looking at options, this is all part of the learning phase,” Ms. Deevy said.
Facebook has been criticized for its failure to tackle fake news, which have been propagated in recent years and attributed to even influencing elections.
White Nationalists Plan to Rally at Texas A&M on September 11: Your Texas Roundup
Plus: Cruz condemns white nationalists, protesters march against the border wall in South Texas, and an African-American church in Waco gets hit with Nazi vandalism.
Press spacebar to see more share options.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
“Most kids go back to school that day? Can it be done on the weekend?”
—A Dallas mom on Facebook requesting that the Perot Museum move its solar eclipse viewing party, according to the Houston Chronicle. August 21's solar eclipse cannot be rescheduled.
BIG NEWS
AP Photo/David J. Phillip
“Tomorrow Texas A&M”
A Texas-based white nationalist announced on Saturday that they plan to hold a rally at Texas A&M on September 11, according to the Texas Tribune. “TODAY CHARLOTTESVILLE TOMORROW TEXAS A&M,” Preston Wiginton said in a press release, referencing the violent clash in Virginia over the weekend in which dozens of protesters were injured and three were killed. White nationalist leader Richard Spencer, a native of Dallas who prompted protests when they spoke at A&M last December, confirmed on Sunday that they will be attending the event. Wiginton bills the A&M event as a “White Lives Matter Rally,” but the 51-year-old former shipping pallet manufacturer has consistently espoused Nazi-held views such as anti-semitism, openly associating with skinhead groups, white nationalists, and KKK leader David Duke, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. For example, in fall 2005, Wiginton attended Hammerfest, a neo-Nazi gathering in Georgia, where they “won” the festival's “Strongest Skinhead” award. Wiginton was also responsible for Spencer's last speaking engagement at A&M, which was held indoors, separating attendees and counter protestors. The September rally will be held at an outdoor fountain. There's already a protest movement set to counter Wiginton's rally. “We hoped that December was the last time we would have to protest them,” Adam Key, a doctoral student at A&M and the organizer of the counterprotest, told the Tribune. “Aggies started fighting Nazis in World War II. We have no plans to stop any time soon.”
MEANWHILE, IN TEXAS
Ted Talks
Senator Ted Cruz issued a statement condemning the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend after a man described as a Nazi sympathizer drove into a crowd of protesters, killing one person and injuring dozens more. A graduate of Bellaire High School in Houston was among those injured in the attack. “It's tragic and heartbreaking to see hatred and racism once again mar our great Nation with bloodshed,” Cruz said in a statement released Saturday night, according to the Dallas Morning News. “The First Amendment protects the rights of all Americans to speak their minds peaceably, but violence, brutality, and murder have no place in a civilized society. The Nazis, the KKK, and white supremacists are repulsive and evil, and all of us have a moral obligation to speak out against the lies, bigotry, anti-Semitism, and hatred that they propagate. Having watched the horrifying video of the car deliberately crashing into a crowd of protesters, I urge the Department of Justice to immediately investigate and prosecute this grotesque act of domestic terrorism.”
Wall March
Hundreds of activists marched to protest the construction of President Donald Trump's proposed border wall in South Texas on Saturday, according to the Texas Tribune. The protesters gathered at Our Lady of Guadalupe Church in Mission and walked four miles to La Lomita Chapel, about 300 yards from the Rio Grande. The latest plan for the wall prompted concerns that La Lomita Chapel will be stuck between the wall and the river. Marchers from different backgrounds participated, as the proposed wall has inflamed private property owners who may lose their land to the wall, conservationists who are concerned about several wildlife refuges in the path of construction, and immigration advocates. The mix of characters resulted in an interesting scene: people walked, used golf carts, and rode bikes during the march, blasting rock music as church bells rang out. Our Lady of Guadalupe's longtime priest, Father Roy Snipes, led the protesters from the driver's seat of their baby blue, four-door 1984 Ford Escort with a nearly five-foot statue of the Lady of Guadalupe sitting on top, “accompanied by at least a few of their dogs,” according to the McAllen Monitor.
Defaced
A primarily African-American church in Waco was defaced with Nazi graffiti, the word “Satan,” and the name of President Donald Trump last week, the Waco Herald-Tribune reported on Friday. The vandalism was discovered on Tuesday morning at the thirty-member Willow Grove Baptist Church in McLennan County. A swastika, surrounded by a six-point star and circle, was drawn in ketchup and mustard at the church's fellowship hall, which is where churchgoers hold Bible studies, Sunday classes, and community events. The total cost of damages is about $3,000. The historic church is nearly 200 years old, and was established by former slaves, A.J Crawford and Buck Manning. Pastor Kenneth McNeil—who is also a U.S. Army veteran—reacted with compassion toward the perpetrators. “Offer them love and forgiveness,” McNeil told the Tribune, echoing how they thought Crawford and Manning would respond to the vandals. “As I read some of their records, I think they would offer forgiveness.”
WHAT WE'RE READING
Some links are paywalled or subscription-only.
An Exxon plant putting toxins into an African-American community in Beaumont The Intercept
Inside a Texas doomsday prepper's shelter KTRK
Texas has the most federal judge vacancies, so Trump could reshape the state's federal judiciary Houston Chronicle
Someone vandalized the sign for Robert E. Lee Road in South Austin Austin American-Statesman
Rural children in East Texas don't have access to free summer meal programs Longview News-Journal
City of Ottawa officials aren't expecting a repeat of the devastating spring floods that swamped outlying communities along the Ottawa River last year, but they have assembled a task force, just in case.
Councillors who represent the hardest hit areas during the spring 2017 floods say they hope the city has learned a lesson from last year's shortcomings.
“Last year, despite repeated requests from the community and my office, it took the city administration several days to respond to the fact that there was, in fact, significant flooding in Cumberland, so I hope they're more open to the understanding that when flooding happens, they need to react,” Cumberland Coun. Stephen Blais said Monday at city hall after a staff briefing on flood preparedness.
Blais said operations staff in their community were engaged but the emergency management office didn't act until the flood danger was over. They said at one point their assistant was co-ordinating volunteers and sandbag filling.
“I'm hopeful they are more prepared, and I'm hopeful that the emergency management office will be more open to hearing the concerns of the community when they meet the community,” Blais said.
A flood-mitigation task force created in February involves staff from emergency management, public health, planning, communications and public works and environmental services. The task force is working with three local conservation authorities and the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry.
Related
West Carleton-March Coun. Eli El-Chantiry said residents in their riverside communities, such as Constance Bay and Fitzroy Harbour, are worried about flooding this spring.
“Are people nervous this time more than before? Yes. I, myself, I'm nervous as well,” El-Chantiry said.
El-Chantiry said they want to know the city is ready to respond, and that includes having the proper educational materials.
“I want to make sure we cover all our bases. I met with staff more than once and I was a little bit disappointed because we're still talking about the flood as if it's happening in the urban area,” El-Chantiry said, pointing to city materials that tell people to direct water to sewers. “We have to modify this because most of the flooding that happens is in the rural area. There are no sewers and water (supply). There's a septic bed and private wells.”
El-Chantiry said they want the city to deliver showers and hand-washing stations on quick notice if flood waters contaminate wells again. They also said they don't want city bureaucracy to slow down volunteer efforts in the tight-knit communities.
The Ottawa River Regulation Planning board blamed the 2017 spring river flooding on the unusually heavy rainfall mixed with the snow melt. The water levels exceeded records that were more than 40 years old.
At the city briefing Monday, officials said they don't expect serious flooding along the Ottawa River this spring.
Pierre Poirier, manager of security and emergency management, said warm weather has reduced the snow pack. The last time the snow pack was this low was in 2000, when there was a lower-than-normal peak level of the Ottawa River in May, Poirier said.
The water is at normal levels today.
“In short, it would take another major rain event for significant flooding to occur this spring,” Poirier said. “Of course, we can't predict the weather, but history tells us that current conditions plus normal precipitation will result in a relatively peaceful spring runoff in 2018.”
The city reviewed its 2017 flood response. Poirier said the biggest opportunities for improvement related to communication and managing volunteers.
The flood response in 2017 cost the city government about $2.6 million. The cost of new measures for 2018 are absorbed in the existing city budget, Poirier said.
City staff have received training on filling and deploying sandbags. There are about 100,000 sandbags ready to go if necessary. The city has vehicles that can be converted into sandbag-filling stations.
Laila Gibbons, the director of parks, forestry and stormwater services, said the city has improved flood-prevention infrastructure in the Britannia area.
The city is holding three community meetings on its flood mitigation planning:
Tuesday, R.J. Kennedy Arena, 1115 Dunning Rd., 6:30 p.m.
April 3, Ron Kolbus Lakeside Centre, 102 Greenview Ave., 6:30 p.m.
April 4, Constance and Buckham's Bay Community Centre, 262 Len Purcell Dr., 6:30 p.m.
The City of Gatineau's council is scheduled to receive a similar update on that city's flood preparation during a council meeting on March 28.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
A hot summer day is a fine time to test out an old urban legend: That you can cook food on hot pavement.
Well, it turns out pavement doesn't get all that hot. But cars? All that sheet metal gets much hotter, so this seemed like a possibility.
We trundled out a couple of parking-lot science trials, with our resident science guy, Tom Spears.
First, an easy one: How long does it take an ice cream cone to melt when it's 34 C?
Equipment: A 75-cent cone from IKEA — same price with or without soft ice cream inside. We took the cone alone and added our own regular ice cream, from the newsroom freezer. It's that kind of newsroom.
Second experiment, a little harder: Can you fry an egg on a hot car? Nicole, our video editor, has a black car and volunteered it.
We brought a black frying pan too, just in case.
Watch and learn.
And finally, the end results:
Myanmar denies the allegation, saying it launched a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels
Published 2:26 PM, February 03, 2018
YANGON, Myanmar – Myanmar officials have denied a report of 5 mass graves of Rohingya in a village in crisis-hit Rakhine, a border region gutted by a military crackdown on the Muslim minority.
Myanmar troops are accused of waging an ethnic cleansing campaign against the Rohingya, nearly 700,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since last August.
(READ: 6,700 Rohingya killed in first month of Myanmar violence: MSF)
Myanmar denies the allegation, saying it launched a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels, but has blocked reporters and UN investigators from independently accessing the conflict zone.
On Saturday, February 3, government media reported that Rakhine state authorities had refuted a recent Associated Press investigation that said testimony from Rohingya refugees and time-stamped cell phone videos revealed the existence of five previously unreported mass graves in Rakhine's Gu Dar Pyin village.
After an inspection of the village, a team of officials, police and locals "refuted the AP report," said the state-run Global New Light of Myanmar.
"The villagers reiterated they had not heard of any massacres near their village," it added.
However, authorities said there had been deadly clashes between security forces and Rohingya militants in the village on August 28, several days after the sweeping military crackdown was launched.
Nineteen "terrorists" were killed in the violence and buried, according to the report, which did not elaborate on the location or nature of the graves.
Myanmar's government spokesperson could not be reached for comment.
Myanmar has overwhelmingly denied any wrongdoing in the Rakhine crackdown, despite a flood of testimony from refugees describing security forces murdering civilians, committing mass rape and torching Rohingya villages to the ground.
Last month the army made a rare admission that 4 members of the security forces helped kill 10 Rohingya militant suspects on September 2 and left their bodies in a hastily dug pit.
Right groups say that incident is the tip of the iceberg of abuses carried out by a military force with a grim history of atrocities across the country, which it ruled for five decades before ceding some power to a civilian government in 2016. – Rappler.com
May 2 Akamai Technologies Inc
* Akamai Technologies Inc qtrly performance and security solutions revenue was $369 million, up 17% year-over-year
* Akamai Technologies Inc qtrly media delivery solutions revenue was $187 million, down 9% year-over-year
* Akamai reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.46
* Q1 revenue $609 million versus I/B/E/S view $604.7 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.67 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.69 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Online social networking has revolutionized the way people communicate and interact with one another, despite idiosyncrasies we all love to hate -- think top-10 lists of the most annoying people and habits on social media.
However, there are specific advantages to using social media, beyond the simple joys -- and occasional annoyances -- of reconnecting and gossiping with old friends about babies, birthdays and baptisms.
New research from the University of Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business examines the impact of major life events, such as getting married or graduating from college, on social network evolution, which, the study shows, has important implications for business practices, such as in marketing.
"Who Cares About Your Big Day? Impact of Life Events on Dynamics of Social Networks," forthcoming in Decision Sciences by Hong Guo, associate professor of business analytics, and Sarv Devaraj, professor of business, (along with Arati Srinivasan of Providence College), shows that major life events not only get more social media attention overall, but also bring long dormant connections back into social interaction.
The researchers specifically focus on two key characteristics of individuals' social networks: indegree of ties and relational embeddedness. Indegree is the number of ties directed to an individual. Those with high indegree centrality are assumed to be the most popular, prestigious and powerful people in a network due to the many connections that they have with others.
"We find that the indegree of ties increases significantly following a major life event, and that this impact is stronger for more active users in the network," Guo says. "Interestingly, we find that the broadcast of major life events helps to revive dormant ties as reflected by a decrease in embeddedness following a life event."
Relational embeddedness is the extent to which a user communicates with only a subset of partners. Social networking sites allow users to manage a larger network of weak ties and at the same time provide a mechanism for the very rapid dissemination of information pertaining to important life events such as engagements, weddings or births.
"We show that major events provide an opportunity for users to revive communication with their dormant ties while simultaneously eliciting responses or communication from a user's passive or weak ties," Guo says. "Increased communication with weak ties thereby reduces the extent of embeddedness. We also find that one-time life events, such as weddings, have a greater impact than recurring life events like birthdays on the evolution of individuals' social networks."
So why does this matter outside of our social media circles?
"Knowing this, advertisers may better target their ads to major life events. For example, a travel agent marketing a honeymoon package can target a user who has shared that they just got married," Guo says. "From the social networking sites' perspective, various design features may be set up to enable and entice users to better share their life events, like how Facebook helps friends promote birthdays."
###
WASHINGTON, D.C. – The federal government has unveiled new safety standards for baby sling carriers after 17 deaths and 67 injuries were reported from January 2003 to September 2016.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced any carriers manufactured after Jan. 30 must include statements about suffocation hazards, language about the hazards of children falling out of slings, and a reminder to check hardware to ensure no parts are broken.
The warning labels must come with instructions and illustrated diagrams showing the proper position for a child in a sling.
The mandatory federal standard also requires sling carriers to:
• Be able to carry up to three times the manufacturer's maximum recommended weight,
• Be more durable to avoid seam separations, fabric tears, breakage, etc., and
• Be able to keep the child being carried from falling out of the sling during normal use.
Parents and caregivers reported 159 incidents to the Consumer Product Safety Commission between 2003 and 2016, including 17 deaths and 67 injuries related to falls and suffocation.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired.
A man is in custody after reportedly firing a gun at police officers in Kahaluu Saturday afternoon.
Police were responding to an unrelated call around 3:45 p.m. near 47196 Kamehameha Highway.
As they were leaving the residence, a man in their forties, apparently unrelated to the call, fired a shotgun at the three officers from a bus stop across the street. Pellets from the shotgun shell left the officers' police cruiser peppered with nine holes.
As the suspect tried to fire off a second round their gun jammed according to HPD. That brief moment gave the officers the opportunity to put the suspect under arrest, after witnesses say the officers tackled them to the ground.
The suspect now faces attempted murder and drug charges.
Honolulu police closed Kamehameha Highway in both directions between Hunaahi Street and Hunalepo Street in Kahaluu as they investigated the report. The highway has since reopened
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 HawaiiNewsNow. All rights reserved.
It's time to start getting rising kindergartners registered for the coming school year.
Elementary Schools in the Kennewick School District can start enrolling students beginning Monday, April 17, 2017.
You'll need to bring your child's birth certificate, a utility bill to show that you live within the school boundaries, and up-to-date immunization records.
“The immunization stuff is sometimes the most problematic because sometime the parents lose immunization cards, they might not be aware of a shot a child should have had before they registered for school,” says Greg Fancher, Assistant Superintendent of Elementary Education for the Kennewick School District. “It's really easy to go get the shots and come back up to the school with the current record.”
They say that's one of the reasons they start Kindergarten registration so early, to give parents time to get those shots up to date.
Fancher says they're expecting 1200 – 1400 students to enroll in Kindergarten for the 1017-18 school year.
For more information on registering your child in the Kennewick School District, visit the district website.
One of the big evolutionary questions in life is how and why single cell organisms organised themselves to live in a group, thereby forming multicellular life forms.
Wits PhD student, Jonathan Featherston, of the Evolution of Complexity Laboratory at the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, has answered at least part of this question, by decoding the genomic sequence of one of the simplest of all multicellular organisms - the four-celled alga Tetrabaena socialis. Their research has been published in Molecular Biology and Evolution.
Tetrabaena is a member of a lineage of green-algae known as the volvocine lineage. The lineage is a model lineage for understanding how multicellularity evolved. By studying the genome of this simple alga, a number of genetic mechanisms that control how cells divide were associated with the origin of multicellularity.
By painstakingly piecing together the whole genome sequence for the alga over a period of over two years, using various genome-sequencing methodologies, Featherston has identified the ubiquitin proteasomal pathway (UPP) as a process that plays a key role in the evolution of multicellularity. This pathway is involved in regulating many activities in cells by targeting proteins for destruction thereby maintaining a careful balance of proteins in cells.
"The UPP has been implicated in many human cancers and even as a potential target for treating cancers. From this study it seems that alterations to this pathway were important for how multicellularity evolved in these algae," says Featherston.
UPP is a complicated pathway that controls the cellular concentration of key proteins that drive cell division and it plays a role in many cellular functions. Featherston's study suggests that UPP may play a regulating how many divisions each species of volvocine undergoes through degradation of key molecules that control cell division.
"One of the earliest evolutionary adaptations in the volvocines was a modified cell cycle. The multicellular volvocines evolved a genetic program for controlling the number of divisions during reproduction where each species has a genetically programmed maximum number of divisions. Some will only divide twice during reproduction while others may divide 12 times," they say. "Normally people look a lot at how much of a key regulatory molecule is produced by a cell but here the interest is in the pathway that destroys these molecules. It's kind of the other side of how cellular processes are regulated."
Featherston compared the genome sequence of multicellular algae to their nearest single celled relative, in order to establish the genetic differences associated with the evolution of multicellularity. While overall, the the single celled and multicelled algae are very similar, they identified a small set of gene families (131) that were gained at the origin of multicellularity.
"We picked up some trends from this set of families. Many have developmental functions, which indicates that they probably are important for the evolution of multicellularity," they say.
Featherston's work shows that the evolution of multicellularity is associated with lineage-specific genetic developments.
"Multicellularity has evolved at least 25 times independently, but in all likelihood while certain general biological mechanisms - like cells-sticking together or modified cell cycles - may be shared, the actual genes driving these developments will mostly be unique to each lineage," they say. "Almost all the families that are found in other organisms can be found in a diverse array of unicellular organisms, suggesting that the genes that gave rise to multicellularity were derived from genes that were already present in the unicellular ancestor but may have been duplicated to form new genes that now have new functions."
###
“Apple beat its rivals to market with the Siri digital assistant, artificial intelligence software that lets machines act more like humans,” Shara Tibken writes for CNET. “But Amazon and Google have surpassed Siri with their own assistants, thanks to the proliferation of smart speakers in the home.”
“Amazon, with its Echo smart speakers and Alexa voice assistant, now all but owns the home,” Tibken writes. “Since launching the Echo in late 2014, Amazon has sold 20 million smart speakers in the US, taking 73 percent of that market, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners.”
“Already late in playing catch-up, Apple in November delayed the HomePod, leaving the field that much longer in the hands of the Echo, the Google Home and smart speakers from companies including Sonos. Even when the HomePod eventually launches in 2018, Siri will be only a minor part of the device,” Tibken writes. “Though the smart home is still in its early stages, Apple could be missing out on a big opportunity if it takes too much longer to get things right. And it's got to find a way to make Siri not only smart enough to play the music you want but also trustworthy enough to lock your front doors… Apple needs to make sure Siri gets smarter and more useful — and do it fast.”
Read more in the full article here.
(PRESS RELEASE) – A delegation from the Government of Saint Lucia, led by Honourable Prime Minister Allen Chastanet, is currently in Dominica meeting with Honourable Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit to access the situation and discuss further ways Saint Lucia can assist Dominica with relief efforts, in the short and long term.
The island of Dominica, sister isle of Saint Lucia, was devastated following the passage of Hurricane Maria on September 18th 2017. Since the passage of the hurricane, Saint Lucia has been utilized as a base for humanitarian relief to Dominica and assisted with the evacuation of hundreds of students stranded on the island.
Saint Lucia has also sent tons of relief aid in conjunction with the local private sector and local Police and Fire Officers were also dispatched to Dominica to assist with rescue as well as security efforts. Saint Lucia has also released six Bailey (portable or pre-fabricated) bridges to Dominica in an effort to assist.
At a press conference on Thursday, the Prime Minister and Minister for Finance, Economic Growth, Job Creation, External Affairs and the Public Service, also announced that Saint Lucia is readying to accommodate students from Dominica, as well as vulnerable persons who may not have access to proper healthcare facilities such as expectant mothers.
Following the visit the Prime Minister says Saint Lucia will map a long term assistance program to Dominica.
The Prime Minister is accompanied by Minister for Education, Innovation, Gender Relations and Sustainable Development Honourable Dr. Gale T. C. Rigobert and Minister for Economic Development, Housing, Urban Renewal, Transport and Civil Aviation Honourable Guy Joseph.
A woman called the police on Oregon state representative Janelle Bynum (D) as they were canvassing in a neighborhood in their district, according to Bynum's Tuesday Facebook post.
“Big shout out to Officer Campbell who responded professionally to someone who said that I was going door to door and spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house — aka canvassing and keeping account of what my community cares about!” Bynum wrote in their post.
The legislator said they asked the police officer to connect them to the person, whose race is unknown, who called 911. Bynum wrote that “the officer called her, we talked and they did apologize.”
Later, Bynum told the Oregonian that while they understood the woman's concern, “when people do things like this, it can be dangerous for people like me.”
In several recent incidents, bystanders have called the police to report on black people engaging in innocuous activities including holding a barbecue in a public park, waiting in a Starbucks, and, in the case of one eight-year-old girl, selling water.
Read Bynum's full post below:
HONG KONG, March 28 China Evergrande Group said on Tuesday it was introducing a second round of investment for its backdoor listing in mainland China.
Chief Executive Xia Haijun, speaking at an earnings press conference, said the company aimed to raise 15 billion yuan ($2.2 billion) to 20 billion yuan in investment.
Evergrande Group earlier reported an 89 percent rise in 2016 core profit due to a booming real estate market that saw a strong increase in sales prices and volumes. ($1 = 6.8837 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting By Clare Jim; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree and Christian Schmollinger)
DURHAM, N.C. – A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protesters then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
#Durham protesters continue their march downtown in an effort to "smash white supremacy" #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MKHjS3HrDT — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 14, 2017
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
For centuries, a slimy black tube-shaped creature the size of a baseball bat has been eluding scientists. They'd examined its external shell, but never laid eyes on the alien-like physique hidden inside - until now, that is.
Researchers have finally had a chance to study a living specimen of the giant shipworm (Kuphus polythalamia), which, despite its name, is not actually a worm, but a bivalve – a kind of aquatic mollusc enclosed in its shell, and a decidedly mysterious breed at that.
"It's sort of the unicorn of molluscs," marine microbiologist Margo Haygood from the University of Utah told The Washington Post.
"It's quite heavy. It's like picking up a tree branch or something even heavier. The living animal is just magnificent."
Haygood and their team encountered the first living giant shipworm specimen after a tip-off about a segment on a Philippine TV documentary, which showed numerous shipworm shells sticking out of a shallow lagoon, like carrots planted in a bizarre, muddy crop.
The animal, which grows up to about 90 centimetres (roughly 3 feet) in length, lives upside down in its shell, most of which is submerged beneath mud in shallow bays in the Philippines.
Its head and mouth are located at the base of the shell, deep within the mud – and were it not for the tell-tale tip of the shell indicating where these planted molluscs were holed up, the giant shipworm might have successfully eluded scientists for another couple of centuries.
"I've been studying shipworms since 1989 and in all that time I had never seen a living specimen of Kuphus polythalamia," says one of the researchers, Daniel Distel from Northeastern University.
"It was pretty spectacular to lift that tube out of its container for the first time. To see this giant gun-metal black specimen was amazing. On the one hand, I was pretty excited to see what it looked like inside. On the other hand it was a little intimidating to dissect this incredibly rare specimen."
Other shipworms are light in colour like clams, being white, beige, or pink. But the giant shipworm is like a dark, slick alien – and another point of difference is how it stays alive.
Unlike other species of shipworm – which burrow into timber that falls into the water, and end up digesting the wood – the giant shipworm lives off hydrogen sulphide gas produced by the mud it calls home.
It's only a hypothesis at the moment, but the team thinks the giant shipworm might once have consumed wood like its cousins, before evolving to live off sulphur compounds in the gas.
University of Utah
To pull off this trick, bacteria that live in the animal's gills use the hydrogen sulphide to produce organic carbon that feeds the shipworm.
This symbiotic relationship is enough to keep the giant shipworm alive – but the practice has left the creature's internal digestive organs shrunken from lack of use.
This survival mechanism – the same tactic employed by tube worms that live deep underwater on hydrothermal vents – explains how the giant shipworm manages to eat, given the shell it secretes covers its whole head (and mouth).
"If they want to grow, they have to open that end of that tube, so somehow dissolve or reabsorb that cap on the bottom, grow, extend the tube down further into the mud, and then they seal it off again," Distel told Nicola Davis at The Guardian.
While there's still a lot we don't understand about this captivating (and kind of disturbing) creature, now that we have a fresh lead on where to find them it's likely we'll discover a lot more.
And for the scientists involved who've been hunting the giant shipworm for decades, the result is basically mythical in proportion.
"To me it was almost like finding a dinosaur," Distel says, "something that was pretty much only known by fossils."
The findings are reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
'QT,' who entered into a civil partnership in Britain in 2011 and moved to Hong Kong with their partner the same year, is backed by major financial institutions in their fight for visa rights in the economic powerhouse
Published 5:42 PM, July 04, 2018
HONG KONG – A British lesbian won the right to live and work in Hong Kong with their partner in a landmark decision Wednesday by the top court in the city, where same-sex unions are not recognised.
"QT," who entered into a civil partnership in Britain in 2011 and moved to Hong Kong with their partner the same year, was backed by major financial institutions in their fight for visa rights in the economic powerhouse.
They were denied a dependant visa when they moved to the city after their partner got a job there and was forced to stay on as a visitor without the right to work.
The Court of Final Appeal ended the protracted legal battle by ruling that it was "counter-productive" to only extend dependant work rights to straight couples.
"The ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong," the court said.
It said employment visas are granted because someone "has the talent or skills deemed needed or desirable. Such a person could be straight or gay".
Hong Kong does not currently recognize gay marriage or same-sex civil unions.
"Hopefully it will pave the way to change" and to the recognition of same-sex marriage, QT's lawyer Michael Vidler said.
"I was stunned," a delighted QT told reporters by phone after the verdict. "I was like wow, have I actually done it, have we actually got there, finally?"
"And then I was tearful with joy... This is all I wanted for 7 years," they said, adding the recognition of their relationship made them feel "relevant and valuable, more than anything".
Top financial institutions including Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley publicly supported QT, saying diverse hiring practices were crucial to attracting and retaining top talent.
In an earlier statement delivered by their lawyer after the verdict, QT accused the government of treating them "like many thousands of other lesbian and gay people in Hong Kong, like a second class citizen because of my sexual orientation".
In September last year they won their case at the Court of Appeal, which ruled immigration authorities had "failed to justify the indirect discrimination on account of sexual orientation that QT suffers".
But that decision was challenged by the government and taken to the city's highest court, in what critics said was a disappointing backwards step.
A 'milestone'
During the case, Dinah Rose, representing QT, argued the couple have a "public, registered" and legal bond which is not recognised in Hong Kong and are therefore "placed in a significant disadvantage" compared to straight couples.
David Pannick, representing the government, told the court "marriage creates a status" which in itself justified different treatment for same-sex couples and heterosexual couples.
Hong Kong's first openly gay lawmaker Ray Chan hailed Wednesday's ruling as a "milestone".
"The LGBT community, with myself included, is elated today over the Court of Final Appeal's judgement," said Chan, a pro-democracy politician.
"(They) should not be burdened with going through laborious legal and political processes to seek the rights that they should already enjoy as human beings," Chan added.
Amnesty International urged the government to "swiftly introduce comprehensive legislation against discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation, gender identity or intersex status" in a statement following the verdict.
When the constitutional court in neighbouring Taiwan ruled in favour of allowing gay marriage last May, campaigners in socially conservative Hong Kong highlighted the city's lack of progress on equality issues.
Hong Kong only decriminalised homosexuality in 1991 and while LGBT groups have become more prominent in the semi-autonomous Chinese city, conservative activists, many of them evangelical Christians, have also launched anti-rights campaigns.
Public libraries have recently hidden away LGBT-themed children's books in request only closed-off areas after pressure from conservative campaigners, sparking outrage among the LGBT community and supporters.
However, there are other signs that attitudes are changing.
A study published by the centre for comparative and public law at the University of Hong Kong on Tuesday said 50.4% of people expressed support for same-sex marriage last year, up from 38% in 2013. – Rappler.com
× Quake shakes Riverside County desert
A THOUSAND PALMS — An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 3.8 struck the desert of Riverside County early Wednesday afternoon.
The quake shook the Thousand Palms area — about 14 miles northeast of Palm Springs — around 12:20 p.m., according to the US Geological Survey.
There were no immediate reports of damage.
Sheilagh O'Leary spent last Sunday with about 300 volunteers, picking up and cleaning up an area of St. John's that's littered with garbage and plastic bags.
And once again, O'Leary, a city councillor who describes the bags as “the bane of their existence”, is demanding a ban on single-use plastic bags.
“We know we don't need them. We didn't use them before the '70's.”
While they are running for Deputy Mayor in the city's fall election, O'Leary says the city doesn't have the authority to ban the bags. It must be a provincial ban they say.
“The reality is, this is our province, it's not just our city. It's like many things — we create false boundaries, but th
Ayhan Akinturk and their son, Ali, were among the 300 volunteers working to clean up St. John's last weekend. © CBC / Ryan Cooke
e reality is the environment bleeds out beyond those artificial boundaries,” O'Leary told CBC News in an interview this week.
Most retailers support the move, as do many consumers, with the growing awareness of the effect the bags have in the environment.
“These plastics, we're ingesting them.”
“They say biodegradable but really what happens is they just break down into smaller micro-fibres, and that stuff gets ingested by animals, wildlife, marine animals and ends up in our diet,” O'Leary told CBC reporter Ryan Cooke.
O'Leary says the Municipalities of Newfoundland and Labrador passed a unanimous resolution in 2015 to enact a ban on single-use plastic bags, provincially.
“It's not just about the pretty environment and how horrendous it looks on the East Coast Trail, or how it looks in the landfill, or how it drives me crazy because there are three bags flying in my front trees in front of my personal property, it really is something that affects our health. These plastics, we're ingesting them; we're eating it all the time.
O'Leary says Fogo Island and Nain, and other communities in Labrador, have already enacted their own bans on the bags, but for St. John's, the largest city in the province, the ban must be legislated provincially to really go into effect.
.
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
The Hancock County Animal shelter is now under new leadership.
Jonathan Brannan met with the director to find out what they have in mind for the future of the shelter.
SMALL hatchbacks, crossovers and pickup-based SUVs may dominate the Philippine auto market, but a few carmakers still include in their lineup an executive sedan model.
Chevrolet Philippines is one of such companies. It introduced the 2018 Chevrolet Malibu earlier this month, bringing back the latest version of a nameplate it first released locally in 2014. The new Malibu, according to the company, is lighter, leaner and longer than the model it replaced — itself a dynamic performer. So no “Yank Tank” this new car is.
“The all-new 2018 Chevrolet Malibu delivers more efficiency, connectivity and advanced safety features than ever, along with more rear legroom and interior space,” Chevrolet said in a statement. It added the model was named the 2017 Best Midsize Car in the U.S. News and World Report's annual Best Cars for Families survey.
Among the car's features are an inductive mobile charger that allows for wireless connection to mobile devices, a nine-speaker Bose audio system, and Chevrolet's Mylink, which integrates phone functions and provides access to some apps via an eight-inch touch screen panel. The system also offers voice-command functions.
Semi-automatic parallel and perpendicular parking, adaptive cruise control, and ventilated front seats are some of the car's premium items.
Meanwhile, included in the new Malibu's list of safety-related technologies are lane-keep assist, lane departure warning, front collision alert, front pedestrian detection, forward automatic braking, side blind zone alert and rear cross traffic alert. The car also packs eight airbags around the cabin.
In 2018 new-generation form the Malibu (in the Philippines, at least) is powered by a smaller — but gutsier — engine than that found in the previous model. Where the old car was propelled by a 165-hp, 225-Nm, 2.4-liter four-cylinder engine, the new one relies on a 2.0-liter four-pot mill that, through turbo-charging, makes 250hp and 353Nm. Paired to this engine is a six-speed automatic transmission.
Now sold solely in LTZ trim level, the Malibu is priced at P2,131,888. — BMA
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Court records show a slain Kansas psychiatrist was stabbed about 165 times outside their clinic in Wichita last month.
The arrest affidavit for the suspect, 21-year-old Umar Dutt, was released Thursday. He's charged with first-degree murder in the Sept. 13 death of Achutha Reddy at their Holistic Psychiatry Services clinic.
The affidavit says a clinic employee reported hearing Reddy calling for help and then seeing Dutt stabbing the psychiatrist. The employee was able to briefly separate the two.
The affidavit says Reddy also suffered “blunt force trauma” and may have been run over by a vehicle.
Dutt was a patient of Reddy's. Investigators haven't released a possible motive.
Dutt is jailed on a $1 million bond. Their attorney tells The Wichita Eagle “more evidence will be coming to light.”
Buy Photo PrepZone logo (Photo: Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
The First Baptist Academy girls soccer team beat St. John Neumann 9-1 on the road Monday night.
Malaya Melancon led the Lions with eight goals and an assist. Allie Shepard also found the net and had three assists.
"Collectively the girls played really hard tonight,” First Baptist coach Jackyson Bazile said. “We're dealing with a lot of injuries so it was good to see other players step up and play their roles. Proud of my girls.”
CANTERBURY 8, SEACREST 0: No stats provided.
GIRLS BASKETBALL
PALMETTO RIDGE 56, RIVERDALE 41: Sandralee Benedict led the Bears with 29 points. Haven Craft added 14
FIRST BAPTIST 50, EVERGLADES CITY 18: Paige Scullin led the Lions with 13 points. Amanda Lines and Michaela LaPlatte each added seven, while Grace Dean finished with six.
First Baptist hosts Canterbury on Tuesday at 5:30 p.m.
The Venezuelan embassy in Saint Lucia is back from a 10-day relief mission to hurricane-ravaged Dominica.
Venezuelan officials coordinated aid efforts with the OECS commission in the wake of the passage of hurricane Maria.
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
We're pretty sure Google is going to announce a laptop tomorrow.
Google is expected to launch two new Pixel phones at its 4 October event, but according to leaks, the company might also unveil a high-end Chromebook, dubbed Pixelbook. If you had your doubts about it, check out this new leak from electronics reseller Synnex (via 9to5Google), which has revealed more information about the upcoming device, like that it has a 12.3-inch display.
Pixebook will also be powered by an Intel Core i5 series processor. There should even be three different models that differ by capacity - ranging between 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB sizes for storage. Droid Life leak previously claimed these would cost $1,199, $1,399, and $1,749, respectively. We'll know for sure when Google officially announces the Pixelbook during its event.
See Pocket-lint's guide for more details about what could be unveiled.
A former Montgomery County man today pleaded guilty to capital murder and three counts of first-degree premeditated murder, Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt said.
Twenty-six-year-old David Cornell Bennett Jr., formerly of Cherryvale, pleaded guilty to the four counts in Labette County District Court. District Judge Jeff Jack accepted the plea and scheduled sentencing for February 16, 2018, at 10 a.m. in Parsons.
As part of the plea agreement, Schmidt withdrew the state's notice of intent to seek the death penalty in the case. Under Kansas law, Bennett will receive the only other sentence authorized for capital murder, life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Bennett was charged with the crimes in connection with the November 2013 deaths of Cami Umbarger and their three minor children in Parsons. Bennett pleaded guilty to one count of murder in connection with the death of each of the four victims.
The case was investigated by the Parsons Police Department and Kansas Bureau of Investigation. Assistant Attorney General Jessica Domme, Labette County Attorney Stephen Jones, former Assistant Attorney General Amy Hanley, and the late Assistant Attorneys General Steve Wilhoft and Lee Davidson prosecuted the case.
BROOKINGS, S.D. (AP) — South Dakota State University says its Office of Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Access wants to talk with a purported student who caused a stir on social media with a Halloween costume.
The photo showed a man wearing blackface and a black wig. The man pictured identifies themselves on Twitter and Facebook as South Dakota State student Cole Paulson, though the school says they aren't currently enrolled.
Paulson says they didn't know blackface was offensive to some. They told the Argus Leader that they feel terrible and had no racist intentions.
SDSU spokesperson Mike Lockrem says the school will have a discussion with Paulson regardless of whether he's a student. They say "diversity, inclusion and respect" are core values at the school, and this is an "opportunity to educate."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
PONTIAC (WWJ) – A senior citizen from Oakland County has died as a result of the flu.
The Oakland County Health Division announced the death Friday morning, strongly urging residents to take
action and get vaccinated.
No information further about the person, including their or their home town, has been released.
Oakland County Executive Brooks Patterson said in a statement that their heart goes out to the person's family. “This is an
unfortunate reminder that influenza can be a very serious illness,” they added, “especially in adults over the age of
65.”
The Health Division recommends everyone over the age of six months receive an influenza vaccination. Those who are at a higher risk of flu complications include children under 5, pregnant women, older adults, and those with chronic medical conditions.
“Flu season has just begun so this is a critical time to get vaccinated, which is the best way to prevent the flu,” said Leigh-Anne Stafford, health officer for Oakland County. “You can also help prevent the flu by washing your hands, covering your cough, and staying home when sick.”
Getting an annual flu shot decreases the risk of getting the flu. It also helps decrease severity of illness and complications and protects the entire community, especially those who are unable to be vaccinated.
The flu virus can be spread to others as far as six feet away, mainly by droplets made when people with flu cough, sneeze, or talk. Less often, a person may also get the flu by touching a surface or object that has flu virus on it and then touching their own eyes, nose, or mouth. Washing your hands often with soap and water is a proactive way to avoid this. If soap and water are not available, use an alcohol based hand rub.
Walk-in flu shots are available for $25 at Health Division offices in Pontiac and Southfield from noon – 8 p.m. on Mondays and 8:30 a.m. – 5 p.m. Tuesdays through Fridays. The high-dose flu shot recommended for those 65 years and older is $47 and is covered by Medicare.
ANKARA May 2 Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said they would discuss possible operations in Syria's Manbij and Raqqa with Russian President Vladimir Putin during an official visit to Russia on Wednesday, and with U.S. President Donald Trump later this month.
Speaking at a ceremony to celebrate their return to the membership of the ruling AK Party, Erdoğan said they hoped their upcoming discussions with Putin and Trump would start a new era in Syria and Iraq.
They also said Turkey would not allow Kurdish militant groups to achieve their goals in northern Syria.
Turkey views the Kurdish militant group YPG as an extension of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state for Kurdish autonomy. Relations between Turkey and the United States have recently been strained over U.S. support for the YPG in the fight against Islamic State in Syria. (Reporting by Ercan Gurses; Writing by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by Ece Toksabay)
Who's hiring across County Leitrim this week? Check out the Leitrim Observer recruitment pages for a roundup of the best jobs in Leitrim.
Leitrim Animal Welfare Centre Ltd has a vacancy for an Animal Warden.
King & Moffatt are recruiting for an IT Technician.
Larkin Windows & Doors are currently looking to recruit a competent, committed, self-motivated, enthusiastic person to join their Manufacturing/Installation team.
Praxis Care currently have a vacancy within the intellectual disability services for a Relief Support Worker.
Local Link are seeking to recruit an Office Administrator.
For details on all the above positions and how to apply for the roles, see this week's Leitrim Observer.
May 3 Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello told reporters on Wednesday they have requested that the U.S. territory's federal financial oversight board commence a Title III proceeding under last year's Puerto Rico rescue law known as PROMESA.
Title III is an in-court debt restructuring process akin to U.S. Bankruptcy. Rossello's remarks come a day after several major creditors sued their government over defaults on the island's $70 billion in debt. (Reporting by A Contributor in San Juan; Writing by Nick Brown)
Sodium cumenesulfonate is a hydrotope compound, which consists of a hydrophilic part and a hydrophobic part, similar to surfactants. These compounds can get dissolved in water. They are available in powder as well as liquid form. There are several advantages of sodium cumenesulfonate. It increases the solubility for less soluble organic matter; lowers the cloud point of aqueous formulated products, effectively promotes the compatibility of various ingredients present in a multicomponent system, and moderates the viscosity of aqueous formulated products. Sodium cumenesulfonate is used as a solubilizer and cloud point depressor in wax cleaners, air mist drilling, laundry washing, drilling fluids, stimulation fluids, anti-caking agents, and coupling agents in powdered detergents.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-cumenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium cumenesulfonate is also used in metal processing applications, oilfield applications, and hydrogen sulfide scavangers. Cost of sodium cumenesulfonate highly depends on the cost of raw materials. Volatilty in raw material prices is likely to hamper the sodium cumenesulfonate market in the near future. Heavy exposure to sodium cumenesulfonate may cause serious irritation of eyes, irritation of respiratory tract if inhaled, and other health hazards. Increasing industrialization and use of household detergents in emerging economies are factors likely to drive the demand for sodium cumenesulfonate during the forecast period.
Based on form, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been classified into powder form and liquid form. However, decline in research and development activities related to sodium cumenesulfonate is likely to hamper the market during the forecast period. The liquid form segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to dominate the market during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20900
Based on application, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been segmented into industrial & institutional, household, oilfield, laundry & cleaning, and others. Use of sodium cumenesulfonate as a detergent and cleaner for household application is growing. The household segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to be a dominant segment during the forecast period. Industrial and institutional is another lucrative segment of the market. It is anticipated to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Growing population leads to rapid increase in industrialization.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
RANCHO CUCAMONGA — If they needed reminding, Walker Buehler was reintroduced to the charms of Cal League baseball on Tuesday night.
At Dodger Stadium, organist Dieter Ruehle serenades home team strikeouts with the opening bars of Beethoven's Fifth. At Rancho Cucamonga, they play the LoanMart jingle, in honor of the ballpark's title sponsor.
Optioned to the Class-A Quakes on Friday after a hectic week that included a pointless round trip to Oklahoma City (where they were scheduled to make a rehab start but didn't), Buehler's status changed late Tuesday afternoon when they were moved to the Dodgers' disabled list.
That made their outing for the Quakes technically a rehab start. They went three innings, pitching to one batter in a fourth, against the Angels' Inland Empire affiliate. They threw 41 pitches, 30 of them strikes, and heard the sponsor's theme five times while giving up two hits and one walk.
Buehler came out after giving up a leadoff triple to Brandon Marsh in the fourth inning and then went right to the bullpen to complete their work for the evening. They threw “18 or 20 pitches, another inning basically,” they said.
Their velocity was around 95-96, and they said they “felt like the ball was coming out of my hand fine, and the offspeed stuff was sharp, so that's the big thing.”
The question now is how much more work Buehler will need to do before rejoining the Dodgers' rotation. Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said they expect Buehler to throw a bullpen session this weekend and then almost certainly make another rehab start to increase their pitch count. Before Tuesday, they had thrown just one inning since going on the DL on June 8 with a microfracture in a rib on their right side.
Sign up for our Inside the Dodgers newsletter . Be the best Dodger fan you can be by getting daily intel on your favorite team. Subscribe here
“If you look at three (innings) and 45 (pitches) tonight, if they throw an extra one on the side after the third inning and potentially goes five next time … it could change but I think if we look at it, two rehab starts is very plausible,” Roberts said.
That would leave time for Buehler to make one more start with the Dodgers before the All-Star break. Roberts acknowledged that Buehler would “not necessarily” have to wait until after the break to rejoin the Dodgers.
In retrospect, Buehler was asked, if they could do it over would they rather not have tried to make a rehab appearance on the major league level, as they did last Thursday against the Cubs?
“That's kind of the beauty of this organization,” they said. “We made that decision as a unit. I was asked … It didn't work out the way we wanted, but that's OK. We're on the same page, and if we ever have to do it again it'll go better.”
ALL-STARS
There was a time when the All-Star managers filled out the roster for the midseason exhibition and often did so by loading it with players from their own team. That time has passed. Roberts will manage the National League team this year but they said the manager no longer chooses any of the players.
“I don't. I get zero,” they said. “In years past, you'd see managers pick five, six of their own guys. I don't have one choice actually.”
The addition of player voting in recent years narrowed those choices. Now the commissioner's office handles it all, Roberts said.
“It's become a lot easier on the manager,” they said. “Basically, you have the fan vote and the player vote, then the commissioner's office is filling out the rest. It's kind of a good thing and a bad thing for the manager.”
TV GUIDE
The Dodgers and KTLA have reached agreement to simulcast five more games on KTLA/5 and SportsNet LA.
The five simulcasts are all home games starting with the World Series rematch with the Houston Astros on Aug. 4 at 6:10 p.m. There will be three more simulcasts in August – Aug. 15 at 7:10 p.m. against the San Francisco Giants, Aug. 20 at 7:10 p.m. against the St. Louis Cardinals and Aug. 31 at 7:10 p.m. against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The final scheduled simulcast will be Sept. 4 at 7:10 p.m. against the New York Mets.
SportsNet LA's pregame show will also be aired as part of each simulcast, starting 40 minutes prior to the first pitch.
ALSO
It is “status quo” with injured relievers Tony Cingrani, Pedro Baez and Josh Fields, Roberts said.
“They're still moving along but it's not going to happen in the coming week as far as activation,” they said. “We still have some time with those guys.”
The Pirates placed right-hander Joe Musgrove on the DL Tuesday with an infected index finger on their pitching hand. Musgrove was scheduled to start Wednesday.
UP NEXT
Pirates (TBA) at Dodgers (LHP Rich Hill, 1-3, 4.68 ERA), Wednesday, 5:10 p.m., SportsNet LA (where available)
Staff writer Bill Plunkett contributed to this notebook.
An industrial accident has caused power outages in Newcastle's CBD today.
It's believed the incident occurred around 11-am and involved an underground cable, which caused around 800 homes and businesses to lose power.
A man has been taken to hospital following the incident
He's reportedly in a serious condition after receiving an electric shock.
Power has since been restored to most of the area.
More to come.
Image: NSW Ambulance
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
AUSTIN - Columbus Day is no more in Austin.
The City Council is now recognizing the second Monday in October as Indigenous People's Day, a holiday that will celebrate Native Americans instead of Christopher Columbus.
The Austin City County voted on Thursdays to replace the holiday with a 9-1-1 vote with one council member against and the other abstaining.
Bexar County in San Antonio also officially celebrates Indigenous People's Day.
These cities follow other cities including Denver, Los Angeles, Albuquerque and Seattle that have already changed the holiday.
SEMIRARA Mining and Power Corp. (SMPC) said on Monday that the first 300-megawatt (MW) unit of its two-unit coal-fired thermal power plant in Calaca, Batangas has resumed operations.
This came more than a week after the Consunjis' coal mining and power company told the stock exchange of the unit's unplanned outage. The facility is operated by SMPC unit Sem-Calaca Power Corp.
At 8:22 a.m. on Saturday, unit one was synchronized to the power transmission grid, SMPC said. As of 9 a.m. on Monday, the unit's average load capacity was at 250 MW, it added.
SMPC disclosed on March 9 that unit one went into an unplanned outage until March 12, 2018 “to give way to boiler slags removal.” It said unit two had also been out, although on planned maintenance, for a thorough assessment and inspection before the final phase of the rehabilitation in 2019.
Unit two, which is on a life extension rehabilitation program, is expected to be back online by the end of the month.
Another SMPC subsidiary, Southwest Luzon Power Generation Corp. (SLPGC), earlier reported that the 150-MW unit one of its two-unit coal-fired circulating fluidized bed thermal power plant near Sem-Calaca had an unplanned outage beginning March 6.
The shutdown was blamed on “observed abnormal vibration of the equipment” by the subsidiary, which operates the power plant. It said detailed inspection of the unit would be done immediately.
The second 150-MW is undergoing regular planned maintenance. It is expected to be online by the last week of the month.
SMPC said both subsidiaries' outages are still within allowable limits, and the group would not need to provide replacement power.
On Monday, SMPC shares closed down 6.66% at P30.15.
WASHINGTON — Republican Rep. Diane Black of Tennessee recently cited pornography, along with the deterioration of the family and violent movies, as a contributing factor to gun violence in schools.
Black made the remarks during a listening session with local pastors last week, according to audio obtained by HuffPost and posted Tuesday.
“Why do we see kids being so violent? What's out there? What makes them do that?” Black said. “Because, as a nurse, I go back to root cause. And I think it's a couple things,” Black said, listing off deterioration of the family and violent movies, before mentioning pornography.
“Pornography. It's available. It's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store. Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there,” Black says in the audio. “All of this is available without parental guidance.”
They add, “And I think that's a big part of the root cause, that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places.”
In the audio, Black does not detail what it is about pornography that they believe contributes to school shootings.
“I think the context is pretty clear,” Black's campaign spokesperson Chris Hartline told CNN Tuesday. “Diane believes the breakdown of families and communities plays a significant role in instances of school violence.”
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts criticized Black's comments, writing on Twitter that “despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, (Black) chooses to blame ‘grocery store pornography' for school shootings. And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns.”
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Connacht Rugby are pleased to announce the U18 Connacht Girls Squad ahead of the 2018/19 Interprovincial Series.
The squad was selected following a number of trials days in Tuam RFC last May, and a screening session at The Sportsground a number of weeks later.
Today sees the start of their training programme at Galway Community College in Moneenageisha before the interpros get underway at the end of the summer.
Of the squad, four of the girls have received the added boost of being named in the Ireland U18 Sevens teams ahead of the Home Nations tournament in Edinburgh. They are Lily Brady, Aoibheann Reilly, Meabh Deeley and Beibhinn Parsons.
Connacht U18 Girls Squad 2018/19 Aine Galvin Ballinasloe Aisling Browne Westport Aoibheann Reilly Ballinasloe Ava Ryder Westport Béibhinn Parsons Ballinasloe Claudia McNicholas Ballinasloe Emily Gavin Ballinasloe Eva McCormack Westport Finola Collins Ballina Grace Browne Moran Westport Hannah Gullane Ballinasloe Hannah Johnston Sligo Jordan Hopkins Ballinasloe Kayley Mannion Westport Lauryn Flaherty Buccaneers Lily Brady Westport Macy Mcdermott Ballinasloe Mary McLoughlin Westport Méabh Deely Ballinasloe Niamh Kenny Ballinasloe Nina Mathastein Westport Rachel Cox Westport Rian Callaghan Buccaneers Sarah O'Rourke Buccaneers Victoria Farrell Buccaneers Zara Grehan Buccaneers
The women of This Is Us are currently thriving as the stars of television's biggest breakout hit, but not too long ago, they were just regular teens worried about fitting in with the popular crowd and struggling with self-love. Now, actores Chrissy Metz, Mandy Moore and Susan Kelechi Watson are addressing their younger selves in heartfelt personal letters exclusively shared with PEOPLE in this year's World's Most Beautiful.
Here is what Kelechi Watson, who plays Beth Pearson, has to say.
Dearest ZQ,
Hey young one with the round cheeks, big eyes, long think hair, and skinny little legs … in the next seven years you'll suffer the loss of your twin, your partner in crime, your aunt, your cousin and your fairy godmother. Five great women you loved and had tremendous respect for. Women you aspired to be like. Women who cared about you, listened to you, fed you, and raised you. Not an easy time in your life, kiddo, but you will survive … and who they were will make you better.
Your Auntie Essie a.k.a. The Greatest Godmother of all time. The one who bought you the best Barbie dolls and took your little behind to the movies to see The Muppets. Who made sure you had sleepovers with their daughter because they knew you were the only girl in a household full of boys. The one who never forgot a birthday or a Christmas and, even when they didn't see you, let the gifts pile up in their hall closet until the next time. The one who taught you that family is not just a blood relationship, it's one you invest in with love. One day, cancer will overwhelm their body but, true to form, she'll leave you with a great gift. The gift of time and investment. She'll make sure you know how important it is to show children that you care, that you haven't forgotten them, and that they are love … even if they are not your own.
PEOPLE's World's Most Beautiful will be revealed on Wednesday. For more on this year's beauties, be sure to pick up the issue when it hits newsstands on Friday.
Auntie Saskea will pass too, from lupus. Oh man, they were a beauty. I mean it would take my breath away. The caramel of their skin, the almond shape of their eyes, their perfect figure and raspy voice was everything you looked up to. They were a presence — a resilient, defiant presence. They were beautiful. And even near the end, when the disease had so ravaged their body that no part of them looked as it had before, you'll sit with them for a while, hear them speak of love and life and she'll ask you how you're doing with no thought of herself, and you'll learn that beauty resonates from the inside out. Nothing can steal your beauty if you don't let it. You'll take this with you always.
RELATED VIDEO: ‘This Is Us' Star Susan Kelechi Watson Gushes Over Mandy Moore: ‘She's Really Touched My Heart'
Cousin Carmen, is one of the boldest, funniest, brazen, honest, most audacious women you've ever known. They were irreverent and it was always awesome. They spoke so they could be heard. They believed they should be heard and knew their opinion mattered. They will pass, but they leaf you with the gift of saying the truth without fear; that your opinion matters and is worthy of expression. Exercise it as much as you can, especially in situations where people would have you believe you shouldn't.
FROM COINAGE: The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time
Fadia, a.k.a. your twin from another mother and one of your best friends, will suddenly go home to be with the Lord in the next two years and it will change your world. But fear not, she's in good hands, and they leaf you with fun and what it means to be a good friend. She'll remind you to care about even the minutia of a friend's day, to be invested in what makes them happy and to enjoy a good man-chat. She'll show you in very certain terms that your body is mortal, even when you're young, so make every day count. She'll remind you to choose joy. You can't go wrong if you choose joy.
Great grandma, your partner in crime, your caretaker, your second mother, the greatest entertainer and storyteller to have EVER lived and the most dramatic woman you'll ever know. To them you owe the most humble thanks of all. They dedicated their life to help raise generations of your family and you get to be counted in that number. She'll show you how to appreciate every year of life you get, that 80 isn't too old to be the assistant coach of your great grandson's little league team and 90 isn't too old to get your American citizenship. She'll teach you that if you remain open to the possibilities, you can pick up a paint brush at 91 and discover you're an artist or sit down at a piano at 12 and teach yourself to play by ear. They showed you you're never too young to get hustled at cards, and that it's cool to be a broad and enjoy a good cigar sometimes. They taught you that one of the most important things you can do in this life is to “give a joke” — find the funny and share it — and that love is meant to be passed on if you want to be surrounded by more of it. YOU GET TO KEEP ALL OF THAT and use it as best you can.
So, Su Z Q, these women will transition into spirit and light and you will survive it. You will remind yourself to take their gems and distribute them as generously as they did with you. In your life and in your art, they will make you better.
PS: You'll also drop the Z Q and just go by Su. Trust
Flood Watch posted across northeast Kansas through Saturday morning. We may see 2” of additional precipitation between now and then.
TOPEKA FORECAST
Today: Cloudy with occasional showers and a high at 82.
Tonight: A line of showers and storms will move in overnight, with a low at 58.
Saturday: Showers early and then clearing with a high at 75.
Sunday: Sunny, with a high at 82.
REGIONAL FORECAST
Friday: A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms, mainly before 4pm. Mostly cloudy, with a high at 84. South wind 8 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Friday Night: Showers and thunderstorms, mainly before 4am. Some of the storms could be severe. Low at 54.
Saturday: Partly sunny, then gradually becoming sunny, with a high at 76.
Saturday Night: Clear, with a low at 51.
Sunday: Sunny, with a high near 81.
A new study from Keck Medicine of USC finds that data from a novel recorder can be used to objectively measure surgeons' proficiency in robotic-assisted prostate cancer surgery
LOS ANGELES - You may know that your surgeon is using the latest minimally invasive technology for your surgery, but how do you know if they've mastered it? To help answer that question, researchers at Keck Medicine of USC looked to a custom recording tool similar in concept to a flight recorder on an airplane. When attached to a robotic surgery system during radical prostatectomy procedures, the most common treatment for prostate cancer, the "black box" recorder captured data that could be used to discern the difference between novice and expert surgeons. The results of the study will appear in the January 2018 edition of The Journal of Urology.
"Robotic surgery has been widely adopted by urologic surgeons, but methods of assessing proficiency vary widely between institutions," says lead author Andrew Hung, MD, assistant professor of clinical urology at the Keck School of Medicine of USC. "In order to be credentialed by institutions to use the robotic system, surgeons must be evaluated by their peers for a handful of procedures, but the evaluations are not ongoing, and sometimes evaluators don't agree on what constitutes proficiency."
Creating a sustainable, objective method for evaluating surgeon proficiency and standardizing credentialing is a way to help ensure patient safety, Hung explains.
The recorder used in the study, called the dVLogger, captures both anonymized video and movement data. Developed by Intuitive Surgical, the research tool can attach to the company's da Vinci® Surgical System, a robotic surgical platform approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for general laparoscopic surgery.
"The dVLogger records the surgeon's movements, capturing where the instruments are and how the surgeon is moving the instruments," Hung says.
To test the recorder's ability to measure proficiency, four basic prostate surgery steps were analyzed. Data from 100 procedures performed by both novice and expert surgeons were recorded. Results showed that novice and expert surgeons could be identified by measuring time to complete operative steps; distance of instrument and camera travel; and frequency of camera movements.
Hung says that future studies will explore how the recorded performance data compares to clinical outcomes. "We now have an opportunity to put surgeon proficiency under the microscope and see what role it plays in patient outcomes," they say.
###
About Keck Medicine of USC
Keck Medicine of USC is the University of Southern California's medical enterprise, one of only two university-based medical systems in the Los Angeles area. Encompassing academic and clinical excellence, the medical system attracts internationally renowned physicians and scientists who strive to provide world-class patient care at Keck Hospital of USC, USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center, USC Verdugo Hills Hospital and more than 40 outpatient facilities, some at affiliated hospitals, in Los Angeles, Orange, Kern, Tulare and Ventura counties.
In 2017, U.S. News & World Report ranked Keck Medical Center of USC, which consists of Keck Hospital of USC and USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center, among the top 15 in ophthalmology and cancer care and among the top 50 hospitals in the United States for orthopaedic surgery, geriatric care and urology.
For more information, go to keckmedicine.org.
PHILADELPHIA (February 2, 2018) - In general, the term "medical futility" applies when, based on data and professional experience, no further treatments, procedures or tests will provide benefit and may, in fact, be more burdensome and create undue suffering for the patient and the patient's family.
As expected, discussing futility at end of life is complex and emotionally draining for patients, families, and clinicians. Because it is often used imprecisely, the term "futile" -- and newer terms including "potentially inappropriate" -- can cause confusion and result in disagreements about end-of-life care. A University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing (Penn Nursing) perspective article cautions that care must be taken by clinicians to guard against the misuse of language when guiding patients and families on death and dying.
"The reconceptualization of futility language requires further clarification and analysis of how newer terms impact the patients and families who rely on their clinicians for expert care and compassion at end of life," wrote author Connie M. Ulrich, PhD, RN, FAAN, the Lillian S. Brunner Chair in Medical and Surgical Nursing and Professor of Nursing. The article, "End-of-Life Futility Conversations - When Language Matters" has been published in the journal Perspectives in Biology and Medicine.
"How clinicians use words to give meaning to the dying process for those who are seriously ill can be a salve that is long remembered amidst the initial disbelief and grief suffered by so many," wrote Ulrich.
###
About the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing
The University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing is one of the world's leading schools of nursing. For the second year in a row, it is ranked the #1 nursing school in the world by QS University, and has four graduate programs ranked number one by U.S. News & World Report, the most of any school in the United States. Penn Nursing is currently ranked # 1 in funding from the National Institutes of Health, among other schools of nursing. Penn Nursing prepares nurse scientists and nurse leaders to meet the health needs of a global society through research, education, and practice. Follow Penn Nursing on: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram & YouTube.
Hawaii bans sale of sunscreens with coral-harming chemicals
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Audrey McAvoy, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Hawaii Gov. David Ige signs legislation banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Honolulu. The law makes Hawaii the first U.S. state to enact a ban on oxybenzone and octinoxate. The prohibition takes effect in 2021. less Hawaii Gov. David Ige signs legislation banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Honolulu. The law makes Hawaii the first U.S. state to ... more Photo: Audrey McAvoy, AP Image 2 of 4 Hawaii Gov. David Ige applauds after signing legislation in Honolulu on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs. The law makes Hawaii the first U.S. state to enact a ban on oxybenzone and octinoxate. The prohibition takes effect in 2021. less Hawaii Gov. David Ige applauds after signing legislation in Honolulu on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs. The law makes Hawaii the ... more Photo: Audrey McAvoy, AP Image 3 of 4 Hawaii Gov. David Ige, center, and surrounded by lawmakers, displays legislation they signed in Honolulu on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs. The law makes Hawaii the first U.S. state to enact a ban on oxybenzone and octinoxate. The prohibition takes effect in 2021. less Hawaii Gov. David Ige, center, and surrounded by lawmakers, displays legislation they signed in Honolulu on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, banning the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral ... more Photo: Audrey McAvoy, AP Image 4 of 4 Hawaii bans sale of sunscreens with coral-harming chemicals 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
HONOLULU (AP) — Hawaii Gov. David Ige on Tuesday signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
The move makes Hawaii the first U.S. state to enact a ban on oxybenzone and octinoxate.
"This is just one small step toward protecting and restoring the resiliency of Hawaii's reefs," Ige said at a signing ceremony for the bill, which takes effect in 2021.
Ige said the state would also need to continue other efforts to protect coral, including fighting invasive species, pollution from land runoff and climate change.
Sunscreen containing oxybenzone and octinoxate will only be available to those with a prescription from a physician. Others will have to buy sunscreens without these chemicals or bring their own sunscreen with them to Hawaii.
Scientists have found the two substances can be toxic to coral reefs, which are a vital part of the ocean ecosystem and a popular draw for tourists.
State Sen. Roz Baker, who represents south and west Maui, said the bill has enormous significance because coral is such a fundamental part of a larger ecosystem important to the health of the planet.
Critics say there aren't enough independent scientific studies supporting the assertion that the chemicals harm coral reefs.
The group Retail Merchants of Hawaii has said it's concerned the ban will discourage people from buying sunscreen at brick and mortar stores.
But state Rep. Chris Lee, who represents the Honolulu suburbs of Kailua and Waimanalo, said the law is a necessary step to help Hawaii pass on its reefs, ocean, tourism industry and way of life to the next generation.
Leaders need to act quickly to save what coral world has left, they said.
"We know the tide is against us. We've got limited amount of time," Lee said.
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
Patriot fans showed they are ready for Super Sunday by staging rally in downtown Minneaplis. ABC6 reporter Kainani Stevens reports on the rally.
What started as an expat brainstorm at a Decatur coffee shop is now celebrating 10 years of impact in West Africa.
Formed as a gathering place for local women hailing from Ghana, the Ghanaian Women's Association of Georgia has also always had a charitable impulse at its core.
And now more than ever, the two ideals are interlinked: When the association brings its community together for a 10th anniversary gala Dec. 16, those who attend will be helping urge its mission along.
Money raised at the dinner — which promises awards, the latest in Ghanaian music and fashion as well as dancing to “old-school favorites” — will go to fund two college scholarships for Georgia students of Ghanaian descent.
Two 2018 awards of $500 will be provided to young women who show the potential to use entrepreneurship to drive community change and promote Ghana's culture.
That goal defines pretty well the mission of the organization: Confronted with the disparity they saw in maternal health care in the U.S. and back home, GWAG President Agnes Hayfron Barnor told Global Atlanta they and other members had no choice but to act.
Women in Ghana, still today, are sometimes forced to share beds or in rare cases, give birth on cement floors — and that's among those who do make it to hospitals and health care centers, which can be a luxury in rural areas.
After Ms. Hayfron Barnor witnessed just such a harrowing birth during a 2015 visit to Ghana, the group launched a fundraising campaign to provide beds, a foundational component of prenatal care.
“Bringing life into the world needn't be so undignified,” they said in a video raising funds for a second year in May 2017. “The good news is that most maternal deaths are highly preventable, and that is why members of the GWAG have made it their mission to build capacity for these underserved hospitals to improve patient outcomes.”
To start, the group adopted the maternity ward at Elmina Urban Health Center in Elmina, a city frequented by tourists heading to the historic castle where slaves awaited their fateful deportation from the “Gold Coast” to the Americas.
Having raised about $40,000, GWAG partnered with Advocates for World Health, a Tampa-based non-profit corporation, to fill out a 40-foot shipping container with the basics every maternal care center needs: beds, an ultrasound machine, stretchers and more.
Members of the group including Ms. Hayfron Barnor traveled there to dedicate the ward last September, as well as to oversee the distribution to two other government-run hospitals in the towns of Yendi and Oda.
Local Rotary Clubs in Ghana helped get the supplies to their final destinations. The association has established a nonprofit in Ghana as well to evaluate and oversee its projects in the country.
Learn more about the association at http://ghanawomen.org/ and find details about the gala or buy tickets here.
Watch a video to learn more:
CLOSE The Sunshine State is the No. 2 producer of oranges in the world after Brazil. Citrus grown in Florida primarily ends up in juice form on kitchen tables throughout the world. Hurricane Irma in September 2017 affected the state's citrus crop in a big way. Before Irma the total impact of citrus on Florida's economy was $8.6 billion a year. Wochit
Buy Photo Paul Meador, a fourth-generation Floridian who owns Everglades Hauling & Harvesting in LaBelle, stands among the destroyed crop at one of their Valencia groves near Immokalee on Thursday, Sept. 28, 2017. Hurricane Irma destroyed nearly 22,000 of Meador's 78,000 trees in the grove. (Photo: Nicole Raucheisen/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
It's cold, but not cold enough for growers to worry about their crops in Southwest Florida.
While a light snow fell over the weekend across the Florida Panhandle, it covered ground far from local crops and groves.
"That's in Alabama for all practical purposes," quipped Reggie Brown, manager of the Florida Tomato Committee, the state's tomato marketer and regulator.
Local crops won't see any damage from this cold front. For tomatoes, it could slow growth, creating an even shorter supply of the fruit in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma, Brown said.
"Maybe it will be mid- to early January before we come back with normal production," they said.
The state's growers have packed 3 million boxes of tomatoes year-to-date, compared to 6.5 million in the same months a year ago, down more than 50 percent, Brown said.
The cool weather could be helpful to a variety of local crops, including strawberries and blueberries, improving taste and reducing insect populations in fields, said Gene McAvoy, a multicounty vegetable agent with the University of Florida/IFAS in Southwest Florida.
"Right now it's good," they said. "It has been a long hot summer and it's nice to have cold weather for a change."
Citrus trees and fruit could actually benefit from the chill in the air, too — welcome news to local citrus growers who are still fighting to recover from the extensive damage wreaked by Hurricane Irma in September.
"This is nice. This is good for the growers. If we get cooler weather before we get any freezing temperatures, it will kind of hardy up the trees," said Ron Hamel, executive vice president of the Gulf Citrus Growers Association.
The cooler weather can help slow growth, improving the health of the citrus trees and the quality of their fruit.
Dormancy stops the trees from producing new foliage that psyllids — the tiny insects that spread the tree-killing citrus greening disease — depend on to lay eggs and reproduce.
"The past two years we haven't really had much of a dormant season, so hopefully this will be positive for us," Hamel said.
Although two more cold fronts are forecast to sweep in this week, they aren't expected to be chilly enough to do any damage to local crops, either — and could only add to the benefits for citrus and other crops.
Generally, citrus can handle freezing temperatures as long as it doesn't stay at 28 degrees or below for more than four hours.
CLOSE Martin Mason, an owner of Tropical Oaks Farm in LaBelle, talks about damage to their grove from Hurricane Irma. Laura Layden, Naples Daily News/Wochit
Frost can devastate vegetable plants.
Area growers still hope for federal assistance to help them recover from Irma. Statewide damages to the agriculture industry have been estimated at $2.5 billion.
Congress passed a two-week funding bill Dec. 7 to avoid a government shutdown. As they work to come to an agreement on a broader budget deal, the state's growers hope to see federal lawmakers come together in support of Florida's agriculture industry and to approve Irma relief money for them before the Christmas break.
Florida's decimated citrus industry was not included in the Trump administration's latest request to Congress for disaster relief.
Irma caused the greatest damage to the state's citrus crop — an estimated $760 million. Southwest Florida growers were among the hardest hit.
Paul Meador, a fourth-generation Floridian who owns Everglades Hauling & Harvesting in LaBelle, said he'll still be cleaning up the damage at least through spring.
While they have crop and tree insurance, they have yet to receive any payments. So it has been a big struggle to absorb all the extra costs of cleaning up — on top of the losses.
"We have got a lot of trees to replant," Meador said. "We have a lot fruit still falling on the ground. So we've got a long ways to go."
With fruit and vegetables in shorter supply, prices have been much higher than usual. A 25-pound box of tomatoes, for example, is running $25 to $30, depending on fruit size, compared to the typical $8 to $12 growers get this time of year.
However, higher prices don't help when you don't have much to sell and you're dealing with millions in losses, as is the case with Meador at Everglades Hauling & Harvesting.
"There is no benefit to higher prices at all," they said. "It's not going to offset our losses by a long shot."
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/money/business/2017/12/11/southwest-florida-growers-crops-not-harmed-cold-weather/940660001/
Advertisement
THOMASVILLE, NC (WXII.com) – A fugitive on the run from West Virginia was captured in Thomasville on Thursday.
Thomasville police said they were contacted by West Virginia authorities that Michael Hall, 29, was possibly staying at a home in their city.
Investigators said Hall removed an ankle monitoring device and had absconded from West Virginia on charges of assault by strangulation and attempted second-degree sexual assault.
Police found Hall at 222 Center Street in Thomasville, where they were taken into custody without incident.
Hall was taken to the Davidson County Jail to await extradition. Their bail was set at $1 million.
During the search for Hall, officers found a small marijuana plant and drug paraphernalia inside the home. Drug charges are pending.
Related
Comments
comments
Hackers who broke into HBO's computer systems last month continue to release the network's content, including episodes of the return of Curb Your Enthusiasm, which is slated to air in October.
The latest content dump, reported earlier today by The Associated Press, also includes episodes of shows like "Ballers" and "Insecure." None of the additional material was related to Game of Thrones, HBO's current top hit.
Further Reading Game of Thrones script for “Spoils of War” leaks after HBO hack The hackers have already released a script of one GoT episode, as well as other internal documents, including personally identifiable data and passwords from at least one senior HBO executive.
HBO has declined to comment on the hackers' actions, which it says are part of an effort to get media attention by releasing "bits and pieces of stolen information."
Over the weekend, reports emerged that at one point, HBO offered the hackers $250,000 "as a show of good faith" while they bid for more time.
"You have the advantage of having surprised us," a member of HBO's technology team said in a July 27 e-mail, which was reviewed and published in part by Variety and Reuters. "In the spirit of professional cooperation, we are asking you to extend your deadline for one week."
The HBO e-mail was apparently released by one of the hackers to select journalists on Thursday.
A person familiar with HBO's response to the attack told Reuters that the e-mail was a "stall tactic" and that HBO never intended to pay $250,000, much less the $6 million the hackers had demanded in order to prevent the stolen data going public.
Acer Africa signs up Vic Brits
Vic Brits has joined Acer Africa as its new head of commercial in the sub-Saharan region.
Brits will focus on increasing Acer's market share in the Southern African Development Community [SADC] and in the SME market in South Africa, alongside Acer's channel ecosystem.
“Being part of Acer, a globally established technology brand, has definitely encouraged and motivated me to apply my past experiences to further enhance what Acer has already instituted thus far,” they comment.
“To me, success is not only achieving business and personal objectives that I have set for myself, but also being able to maintain a healthy work/life balance in the process.” they add.
Brit practices positivity throughout their professional and personal life and believes that positive thoughts lead to positive actions and progressive outcomes.
Norway and Romania each enjoyed victories as the Ivory Coast confirmed their withdrawal from the Women's Junior World Handball Championship in Debrecen.
Ivory Coast did not turn up for their opening matches in Group A and have now confirmed their non participation.
"On July 4, the 2018 International Handball Federation (IHF) Women's Junior World Championship Competition Management received the official notice that the Ivory Coast team will not be able to travel to Hungary for the event and will therefore not participate," a statement confirmed.
"This information came following the delayed travel of the team, after which the Group A schedule was adjusted in the hope of avoiding the cancellation of other matches.
"In accordance with the corresponding decision of the Competition Management following the relevant IHF Regulations, the team of the Ivory Coast will be removed from the match schedule of the event.
"This means that all other teams in Group A will only play four preliminary round matches."
Norway, who missed their first match against the Ivorians, triumphed 25-20 against Brazil in their first encounter at the Főnix Hall.
Romania overcame Paraguay elsewhere today ©HungaryHandball2018
In Group B, defending bronze medallists Romania progressed in a 41-25 win over Paraguay at the Hódos Imre Sports Hall.
Romania only led 16-13 at the halfway point before pressing ahead.
Andrada-Bianca Berbece scored 10 goals for the European side.
Portugal are also meeting hosts Hungary today in Group A.
in Group B, Japan is up against defending champions Denmark while Angola are facing The Netherlands.
More follows
City spokesperson Lauren Hitt said the budget office still believes it will hit its fiscal year 2018 projection of $92 million for the tax because the levy is only four months old and the city is still “working out the kinks.”
As first reported by Billy Penn on Tuesday, the mayor's office said it would lower its revenue projections when it presents a revised five-year plan later this month, but it will keep in place its prediction for fiscal year 2018.
The 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sweetened beverages, in effect since January, has brought in $25.6 million, but will fall short of a projected $46.2 million for fiscal year 2017, which ends June 30. While the size of the shortage is unclear, to hit its projected target, the city would need to collect $20 million from May through June, a near-impossibility, the Kenney administration recognized, given that the highest monthly revenue so far has been $7 million in March.
The Patriot News: Flag Day 2017: Why do we celebrate? And why do we have Pennsylvania to thank for it?
The United States has several patriotic holidays — Fourth of July, Memorial Day, Veterans Day and Flag Day are just a few.
Flag Day is probably the lesser known holiday (although Bill of Rights Day (Dec. 15) and Constitution Day (Sept. 17) may be even more so).
So what's up with the holiday? Here's a brief primer on the day.
When is Flag Day?
June 14, the day that the Continental Congress adopted the American flag in 1777.
What is Flag Day?
Flag Day is a state holiday in Pennsylvania that honors the flag of the United States of America.
How did it start?
The answer is a lot more complicated than you would expect.
ABC 27: Senator wants to change how lieutenant governors are elected
Calling it dysfunction on the second floor of the Capitol, state Sen. Dave Argall (R-Berks/Schuylkill) is proposing a constitutional amendment to change how Pennsylvanians elect their lieutenant governors.
“Let's be honest. This is embarrassing,” Argall said Tuesday, referring to the publicly icy relationship between Gov. Tom Wolf and Lt. Gov. Mike Stack.
“This is not how the top two members of the executive branch should operate to get things done for the people of Pennsylvania,” they said.
Argall wants to change the constitution so gubernatorial candidates pick their running mates, like presidents do on the federal level, instead of the current system where governors and lieutenant governors run independently in primaries and are then forced together in the general election.
“It would make sure they're on the same team and it's not just a shotgun marriage,” Argall said.
Philadelphia Inquirer: Suburban hospital sales expected to hurt school districts financially
The pending sale of Pottstown Memorial Medical Center presents a troubling prospect to school district officials in the Montgomery County borough.
The hospital, now owned by the for-profit Community Health Systems Inc., is the school district's largest real estate taxpayer, by far. The assessment of the main hospital is $20.26 million, about twice the value of the next-biggest property, a shopping mall.
Pottstown Memorial's property tax bill for the school district, including two smaller properties, was $923,998, public records show. That amounts to 3.2 percent of the $28.65 million the school district budgeted from real estate taxes for the 2016-17 school years.
The buyer of Pottstown Memorial — and four other community hospitals in Southeastern Pennsylvania — is Reading Health System, a not-for-profit organization likely eligible for local property tax exemption.
The Jazz will look for success without the services of Gordon Hayward, who was their leading scorer (21.9 ppg) last year. Utah's match-ups against Hayward and their new team, the Boston Celtics, twice next season. The first will come on Dec. 15 in Boston, but Utah fans will have to wait significantly longer for Hayward's return, which will be on March 28 in an ESPN-televised game.
Chairman of Louth County Council, Cllr Paul Bell will announce plans for a new 10km stretch of greenway linking Omeath to Newry, and Carlingford Marina to Carlingford Village, at a special event and photocall at 10:30am, tomorrow, Friday, 16th June at the Granvue Hotel, Station Rd, Knocknagoran, Omeath.
The €3.46 million project is led by Louth County Council, working in collaboration with Newry, Mourne and Down District Council and East Border Region Ltd.
The new stretch will build on the recently completed and already popular Carlingford Marina to Omeath Greenway. Funding for the project is provided by the European Union's INTERREG VA Programme, managed by the Special EU Programmes Body (SEUPB).
Cllr Paul Bell will be joined by pupils from local schools, Scoil Naomh Brid and Scoil Naomh Lorcan. They will pose on a selection of push bikes and electric bikes looking back at the already completed greenway and towards where the cross-border extension will be built, before setting out for a short cycle on the current stretch.
Speakers at the event will include Chairperson of Newry, Mourne and Down District Council, Cllr Roisin Mulgrew and Chief Executive Officer of the SEUPB, Gina McIntyre.
Work on the Carlingford Lough Greenway, linking Carlingford to Newry, is due to be completed by 2020.
In 2018, Porsche will decide whether to grow its crossover lineup by adding stylish coupe-like variants of the Cayenne and Macan. The company is still investigating whether there's enough volume to justify creating the variants. According to Automotive News, a Cayenne coupe could be ready as soon as 2019, if it gets the green light from the company. The trendy version of the Macan would require a few more years before being ready for the road.
Porsche currently lacks competitors against the coupe-like SUVs from its rivals at BMW and Mercedes-Benz. Models like the X6 let automakers create crossovers with a more vibrant look than the segment's traditionally boxy aesthetic. However, the changes necessary to add more style generally force a compromise in utility by reducing cargo space.
In addition, Porsche will announce another electric vehicle early next year, and it'll possibly be a crossover, too. "We have to check if it makes sense for Porsche to come with an SUV," Porsche CEO Oliver Blume told Automotive News. "But the so-called Mission E isn't going to be the last project in electromobility. We will continue. That's very, very clear."
A recent rumor suggested that Porsche would use the Macan as the basis for its next EV. However, the model won't arrive until after the Mission E, so we won't see it on the road until the early portion of the 2020s.
Porsche won't make a fully electric 911 for at least 10 years, but the company will offer a plug-in hybrid variant of the next-gen model in 2023 or 2024. At this time, the firm estimates the model to have a range around 43 miles (69 kilometers) from the electric portion of the powertrain.
Keep the conversation going in our InsideEVs Forum covering electric cars and green technology. Start a new thread about this article and make your point heard.
Source: Automotive News
Police say a 15-year-old girl has died after a motorcycle crash on the Big Island (Image: Hawaii News Now/file)
A 15-year-old girl died after crashing a stolen motorcycle into a tree in Pahoa on Thursday, Big Island police said.
The crash happened just before 6 p.m.
Police said the girl was riding the motorcycle northbound on Government Beach Road when it ran off the roadway and struck a tree near Cinder Road.
The girl, who was wearing a helmet at the time, was taken to the Hilo Medical Center but died several hours later.
Police believe speed is a factor in the crash.
An autopsy has been ordered to determine their exact cause of death.
Officials said the motorcycle was reported stolen in the Kailua-Kona area on Oct. 17, 2017.
This is the seventh traffic fatality this year compared to five at this same time last year.
Anyone with further information is asked to call authorities.
This story may be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
ROGERSVILLE, Tenn. (WJHL)- After sorting through a wheel tax petition that was more than 160 pages, Hawkins County Administrator of Elections, Donna Sharp, said the signatures needed for a special election fell short.
A total of 1,095 valid signatures were needed and Sharp said they only had 968 signatures. The petition was circulating in the community in light of county commissioners recently agreeing on a $40 wheel tax increase.
It's a wheel tax county leaders say they voted on in order to offset a 2 million dollar deficit. Sharp and their staff began counting signatures on July 27th, and they said they just wrapped up around midnight Saturday.
Ultimately the petition fell short by 127 valid signatures.
Michael Cheika has opted for a blend of youth and experience in their 32-man squad to take on Ireland in June's three test series down under.
Five uncapped players make up the squad, and it could reach six, if Pete Samu is released to play by the New Zealand rugby union.
Melbourne-born Samu plays their rugby in New Zealand with the Crusaders, but their impending move to the Brumbies next season has made them eligible for selection with Australia again. However, they can only be included if permission is granted by the NZRU.
Of the other uncapped players, two are hookers; Folau Fainga'a of the Brumbies and Brandon Paenga-Amosa of the Queensland Reds.
Reds loose forward Caleb Timu could push a debut in the opening test, with Ned Hannigan expected to miss out with a knee injury.
The two remaining rookies are both outside backs, with Brumbies' Tom Banks and Melbourne Rebel Jack Maddocks completing the squad.
#BREAKING | The #Wallabies Mitsubishi Estate Ireland Series squad to face @IrishRugby in the first ever three Test series between the two nations. Tickets for Brisbane and Melbourne at https://t.co/Mvz4PozWYp. READ: https://t.co/rWyVFMcwCL pic.twitter.com/XcKvU8QTfO — Qantas Wallabies (@qantaswallabies) May 30, 2018
Cheika has included plenty of experience in their group though. David Pocock is expected to make their first test appearance in 18 months alongside captain Michael Hooper in the backrow, while Scott Sio, Sekope Kepu and Rob Simmons will also bring plenty of experience to the pack.
Behind the scrum, Will Genia, Tevita Kuridrani, Bernard Foley, Israel Folau and Kurtley Beale are all included.
Ireland take on the Wallabies in their first test in Brisbane on Saturday June 9th, before further tests in Melbourne and Sydney.
(Adds details, background)
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI, April 12 Saudi Arabia has set the final size of its planned debut international Islamic bond or sukuk at $8 billion, split equally between a five-year and a 10-year tranche, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.
The bond, which will be priced later on Wednesday, will be the largest sukuk ever issued and forms part of plans by Saudi Arabia to start tapping international debt markets to diversify its sources of finance and plug a budget deficit caused by low oil prices.
Saudi Arabia has gathered orders in excess of $33 billion for the issuance, evenly split across the two tranches, one of the banks leading the deal said.
Fixed income market sources had expected the deal to be in excess of $10 billion in size.
The final spreads for the bond are 100 basis points over mid-swaps for the five-year notes and 140 basis points over mid-swaps for the 10-year.
Initial price guidance, released on Tuesday, put the Islamic bonds at around 115 and 155 bps over mid-swaps, respectively.
Citi, HSBC and JP Morgan are the global coordinators, joined by BNP Paribas, Deutsche Bank and NCB Capital as joint lead managers and bookrunners.
Saudi Arabia issued a debut conventional U.S. dollar bond in October last year, raising $17.5 billion in what was the largest bond ever sold across emerging markets.
This deal was expected to set a benchmark for the country and pave the way for further international issues by the government in coming years, as well as bond sales by a string of big Saudi companies.
Saudi Arabia is rated A1 by credit rating agencies Moody's and A+ by Fitch.
(Additional reporting by Robert Hogg. Editing by Jane Merriman)
South Carolina baseball's staff ace will kick things off for the Gamecocks in their NCAA tournament opener on Friday, as the team announced junior right-hander Adam Hill will start against Ohio State in Greenville, North Carolina.
Though Hill is widely acknowledged to be USC's top pitcher and is second in the SEC opponent's batting average, they have not led off a series or tournament for coach Mark Kingston's club in nearly two months, as first-year student Logan Chapman took over that role April 12 against Arkansas and has held it ever since, with the exception of the SEC tourney, where first-year student Carmen Mlodzinski did.
Ohio State will counter with its own ace, junior lefty Connor Curlis, who has a 7-4 record and 3.81 ERA. Hill has a 7-5 record with a 4.08 ERA.
According to the Charleston Post and Courier, regional host East Carolina will also go with its ace for Game 1, throwing junior right-hander Chris Holba, who has a 9-1 record to go with a 2.45 ERA, against UNC-Wilmington. The Seahawks' starter has not yet been announced.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Kingston said Tuesday that USC has four starters it can consider for the regional — Hill, Chapman, Mlodzinski and sophomore Cody Morris. Depending on how the regional plays out, the Gamecocks could theoretically have to use all of them.
Friday schedule
Game 1: South Carolina (33-24) vs. Ohio State (36-22), 2 p.m. (ESPN2)
Game 2: East Carolina (43-16) vs. UNC Wilmington (37-21), 7 p.m. (WatchESPN)
Ticket info: All-session ticket books are available for $90, $72 and $60 depending on seat locations, while tickets for single sessions (games) — priced at $15, $12 and $10 — will go on sale Friday at 11 a.m. Tickets can be purchased in person or over the phone by calling (800) DIAL-ECU or (252) 737-4500 during normal business hours through Thursday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va - Chef Brian Mullins from Publix Aprons Cooking School showed Jessica how to make Grilled Ribeye with lemon butter and tomato farro risotto.
Publix Aprons Cooking School is located at 5400 Wyndham Forest Drive in Glen Allen and offers a variety of courses, which utilize modern technology, classic culinary techniques and wine and beer pairings.
"Wine and Dine Paso Robles" demo class is Thursday, June 14 at 6:30pm. $50 per seat.
For more information you can visit: www.Publix.com/CookingSchools
{THIS SEGMENT IS SPONSORED BY PUBLIX APRONS COOKING SCHOOL}
Oliver Turvey was fastest again as the official pre-season test at Valencia came to an end, finishing what has been a promising week for the NIO driver.
Turvey topped the timesheets on day one of the test, and repeated the feat by outpacing the Audi Sport ABT Schaeffler of Daniel Abt by just over a tenth.
Despite an eventful test that saw several offs, and contact with the barriers on the last day, Jean-Eric Vergne was able to put in the third fastest time just ahead of Felix Rosenqvist.
Sebastien Buemi slipped back to fifth having been top of the previous day's times, and was followed by Jerome d'Ambrosio, who put in an impressive time in what looks like an improved Dragon Racing car.
Alex Lynn was in seventh, followed by the other Audi of Lucas di Grassi and the Renault e.dams of Nico Prost.
Elsewhere Tom Blomqvist continued their audition for MS&AD Andretti, but finished seven tenths off their potential team-mate Antonio Felix da Costa.
Daniel Juncandella was also given a run out in the Mahindra Racing car as a replacement for Nick Heidfeld who is in Road Atlanta for Petit Le Mans, although the Spaniard was well down the order.
And Andre Lotterer had a disappointing end to their testing schedule as they brought out the red flags at the end of the day with an off, and finished bottom of the overall standings.
FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotiators confront immigration issues, abortion-related controversies, and a battle over a massive rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotiators confront immigration issues, abortion-related controversies, and a battle over a massive rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Congressional leaders and the White House are pressing to strike an accord on a $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill, though disputes remain over immigration, abortion and a massive rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary.
An agreement by Monday would pave the way for a House vote on Wednesday. Action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bipartisan measure is loaded with political and policy victories for both sides. Republicans and Trump are winning a long-sought budget increase for the Pentagon while Democrats obtain funding for infrastructure, the opioid crisis and a wide swath of domestic programs.
The bill would implement last month's big budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for both the Pentagon and domestic agencies when compared with current levels. Coupled with last year's tax cut measure, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
While most of the funding issues in the enormous measure have been sorted out, fights involving a number of policy "riders" - so named because they catch a ride on a difficult-to-stop spending bill - continued into the weekend. Among them are GOP-led efforts to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law and to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies.
A White House trial balloon to use the measure as a vehicle to extend Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, protections for immigrants brought illegally to the U.S. as children remained tenuously afloat, aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now.
"I'm urging the leaders to basically come together and understand there is an emergency at hand here - 780,000 young people have their lives hang in the balance because President Trump killed the DACA program. We have to move on a bipartisan basis to put it back in business," said No. 2 Senate Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois on "Fox News Sunday."
Trump, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority of Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Gateway supporter Peter King, a House member from New York who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol on Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
Most House Republicans voted to kill the funding in a tally last year, however, preferring to see the money spread to a greater number of districts.
"Obviously, if we're doing a huge earmark ... it's troubling," said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C., a leader of House conservatives. "Why would we do that ... Schumer's pet project and we pass that under a Republican-controlled Senate, House and White House?"
Schumer has kept a low profile, avoiding stoking a battle with the unpredictable Trump. One potential resolution is to include money for Gateway but not specifically earmark it for the project.
There's also a continuing battle over Trump's long-promised U.S.-Mexico border wall. While Trump traveled to California on Tuesday to inspect prototypes for the wall, what's pending now is $1.6 billion for earlier designs involving sections in Texas that double as levees and 14 miles (23 kilometers) of replacement fencing in San Diego.
It appears Democrats may be willing to accept wall funding, but they are battling hard against Trump's demands for big increases for immigration agents and detention beds they fear would enable wide-scale roundups of immigrants illegally living in the U.S.
Meanwhile, a White House trial balloon to trade additional years of wall funding for a temporary reprieve for immigrants brought to the country illegally as children - commonly called "Dreamers" - landed with a thud last week.
Republicans are holding firm against a provision by Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., designed to make sure that Planned Parenthood, intensely disliked by anti-abortion Republicans, receives a lion's share of federal family planning grants.
But another abortion-related provision - backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis. - that would strengthen "conscience protection" for health care providers that refuse to provide abortions remained unresolved heading into the final round of talks, though Democrats opposing it have prevailed in the past.
One item that appears likely to catch a ride on the must-pass measure is a package of telecommunications bills, including a measure to free up airwaves for wireless users in anticipation of new 5G technology.
The latest Mercedes-Benz G-Class isn't even in dealers in most places around the world, but the engineering team already has the sights set on the future. The platform will spawn plenty of different versions, including ones with higher performance and likely a luxury-oriented Maybach model.
For example, G-Class product chief Dr. Gunnar Guthenke hinted to Auto Express that a hotter S version of the G63 could be on the way. “Previously, you'd never have had the steering and dynamics for an S,” Dr. Guthenke said. “I am so excited about future modifications.”
The new G63 packs Mercedes' 4.0-liter biturbo V8 that produces 577 horsepower (430 kilowatts) and 627 pound-feet (850 newton-meters) of torque. It's enough to get the SUV to 60 miles per hour (96 kilometers per hour) in 4.4 seconds – a second quicker than the previous-gen model. Presumably, the S would turn up the output even higher.
Mercedes has already applied for the trademark for the G73, too. This model would reportedly add a plug-in hybrid to the 4.0-liter biturbo V8 to push the output in excess of 800 hp (597 kW) and 738 lb-ft (1,000 Nm) of torque.
Dr. Guthenke also hinted at a new Maybach G-Class. "We have had Maybach with Landaulet. We want to nurture this tradition," they told Auto Express.
The Mercedes-Maybach G650 Landaulet semi-convertible came at the end of the previous generation G-Class' run. The firm built just 99 of them, and they carried a price of 630,000 pounds in the U.K (roughly $750,000 at contemporary exchange rates). Power came from a biturbo 6.0-liter V8 with 621 hp (463 kW) and 737 lb-ft (1,000 Nm).
Until these new G-Class variants arrive, Mercedes has plenty of options for customizing the new SUV on the way. For example, the Stainless Steel Package equips the model with plenty of metallic trim, or the Night Package darkens the exterior. The AMG Line pack is also available to add different panels for the front and rear fascia.
Source: Auto Express
Odd Mom Out is really going to be feeling left out now.
Bravo has cancelled the scripted comedy after three seasons, creator and star Jill Kargman announced via Instagram:
Odd Mom Out starred Kargman as a fictionalized version of herself, navigating the world of Upper East Side mommies. The cast also included Abby Elliott, Andy Buckley, Joanna Cassidy, KK Glick and Sean Kleier.
The Sept. 13 season finale will now serve as the show's series ender.
Ready for more of today's newsy nuggets? Well…
* The second half of The Tick‘s first season will debut Friday, Feb. 23 on Amazon Prime Video.
* Fortune Feimster (The Mindy Project) has joined the cast of NBC's midseason comedy Champions, from creator/star Mindy Kaling, our sister site Deadline reports. They will play the series-regular role of a popular trainer at the gym owned by Anders Holm's character.
* Hulu has released a teaser trailer for Season 2 of Shut Eye, premiering Wednesday, Dec. 11:
An Austin-based conservative think tank has sued the city over its paid sick leave ordinance. The ordinance, which goes into effect Oct. 1, requires all private businesses to provide anywhere from six to eight paid sick days for employees.
The Texas Public Policy Foundation filed the lawsuit in county district court Tuesday. The foundation is representing several plaintiffs, including the Texas Association of Business and the National Federation of Independent Business.
In its lawsuit, TPPF argues the paid sick leave ordinance violates the Texas Constitution and is preempted by state minimum wage law. The foundation asked the court to block the ordinance from going into effect while the case is being heard.
“We need to stop the burden of this ordinance from even going into effect,” Robert Henneke, general counsel for TPPF, said on a conference call Tuesday.
A city spokesperson said the city stood by the ordinance and was prepared to defend it in court.
Ahead of the Austin City Council's February vote to pass the law, roughly 300 people testified – the majority of them in favor of it.
Council Member Greg Casar, who spearheaded the rules, said mandatory paid sick leave was a "basic workplace standard" and that groups like the TPPF wanted to "keep working people down."
"Working families in Austin aren't going to let these out of touch groups take away our right to self-determination or our right to a fair workplace," they said in a statement.
Work Strong Austin, a group of local organizations, called the lawsuit "frivolous."
"Let there be no doubt: today's announcement is cowardly, desperate, and shameful,” it said in a statement.
Tommy trained under their father, and together they were an unbeatable combination on the links in the 1860s. They made a lot of money for their wealthy backers and got a share of the proceeds — but with the gentry, embodied by the imperious Alexander Boothby (Sam Neill), making it clear they were common folk and would always remain so.
Tommy rebelled against that class system, fighting to be paid for their wins, not just relying on the noblesse oblige of their backers.
They also did the unthinkable, for a Scotsman, of playing for pay in England — and rebelled against their mother, Nancy (Therese Bradley), by falling in love with Meg Drinnan (Ophelia Lovibond), a servant nearly a decade their senior.
Director Jason Connery has Scots blood in their veins (his dad is Sean Connery), and they give the family's story a fond treatment. The melodrama is high in the script (by Pamela Marin and Kevin Cook), loaded with family disputes and personal tragedies, as father and son pay respect to and change the game they love.
The most interesting parts of "Tommy's Honour," though, are the historical details about golf as it was played in the 18th century — from homemade golf balls to the then-novel use of 18 holes in a golf course.
That dose of history brings a charming authenticity to a tried-and-true biopic.
movies@sltrib.com
Twitter: @moviecricket
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you tune into ITV tonight night for Take Me Out , you might just see a familiar face.
That's because Cheltenham's very own Tanya Pyrka will be starring in the popular Saturday night dating show opposite Paddy McGuiness.
Cheltenham girl Tanya will light up our TV screens, but will they keep their light on for one of Paddy's single lads?
Did matchmaker master Paddy find Tanya the man of them dreams?
Tanya said: "Sorry to be a tease but that's a secret, you'll just have to watch tomorrow night to find out!"
But the 25-year-old former business consultant did reveal what it's really like to star on the hit TV show and meet the master matchmaker himself, Paddy McGuiness.
Tanya, who has been single for nine months, joined the line-up of Paddy's 'Flirty Thirty' ladies for the show's tenth series with their mind set on finding 'The One'.
So what does 'The One' look like to Tanya? What would it take for them to leave their lights on?
They said: "Definitely dapper. They have to look after himself, take pride in their appearance and have a good sense of style.
"My background is in fashion and I like a man to look smart and be confident in the way they dress."
After graduating from Swansea University with a degree in fashion design, the 25-year-old carved out a career in the ruthless business world as a marketing consultant before launching their very own clothing line, Luna Fauna, last year.
They said: "To keep my light on he'd have to come across as ambitious. I have my own business and I'm very driven and serious about my work. The perfect man needs to be just as ambitious and driven as me.
"He's got to have their own place. They can't be living at home with their mum and dad."
So "no likey, no lighty" for mummy's boys then?
"Absolutely not. They have to be their own man with their own place and plenty of direction. But they also have to be a bit cheeky!", they said.
And what was Take Me Out host Paddy really like?
Tanya said: "Paddy is such a nice guy, he's really friendly and always put the girls at ease whenever we felt nervous. We were in front of a live crowd and most of us had never had any experience of being inside a TV studio before.
"But Paddy is exactly like what you expect. The Paddy you see on the show is the real Paddy. There's no ego or anything like that, he's just super friendly and down to earth and always a gentleman.
"Whenever we felt a bit flustered or awkward Paddy would crack a joke and have us all in stitches. They really made us feel relaxed."
But behind the dresses and the fashion Tanya has a surprising secret.
They said: "I'm a massive gamer and love nothing more than playing Call of Duty and blowing things up. In fact, I had to give my Playstation to my brother because it was taking over my life. I couldn't get off it, I was addicted.
"I can also speak fluent Polish because both my parents are from Poland and I also have my own clothing line. I specialise in lounge wear and tracksuits and my business, Luna Fauna is online."
What about the 'flirty thirty'? Was there any jealous rivalries among Paddy's girls?
Tanya said: "Not at all. From the moment we arrived on set in Maidstone we were all so excited and all the girls were so nice and on the same wave length. There were actually sixty of us at the hotel where we were staying, so you'd expect a lot of drama.
"But there was no bitchiness or anything. We were just like one massive group of mates. I made so many friends filming Take Me Out and I've kept in touch with loads of them.
"We've even got our own WhatsApp group and my phone's going-off all the time. I have to mute it sometimes otherwise I wouldn't get anything done. I've definitely made some friends for life on Take Me Out , it was such an amazing experience.
"We were really well cared for by the production team. They put sixty of us girls up in a hotel for a week and we dined together and had champagne, it was brilliant."
Would Tanya like to confess a secret crush? Who would they like to see come down the legendary 'Love Lift'?
"I have a massive, secret crush on Russell Howard, the comedian, he's just my type. Don't ask why!"
Tanya said they will be watching the show tomorrow night with their girlfriends, including fellow Take Me Out contestant, Rosie, who is also from Cheltenham.
They said: "I can't wait to see tomorrow's episode because I don't remember exactly what I said. We were so excited and hyped and it all happened so fast.
"We recorded for a week, over three hours a day, but it's a bit of a blur. I remember I couldn't keep still. I was dancing all the time and waving my hair around. We were all so wired and excited.
"It's going to be so strange watching myself tomorrow night on TV. I'm going to have my girlfriends over to my flat in Cheltenham for drinks and we're probably going to be in hysterics watching it."
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Wedding guests cheered a couple as they tied the knot over Memorial Day Weekend
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
Starbucks closes thousands of stores, asking employees to talk about race
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning their supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
A man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 killing of a teenager has been freed after a judge agreed with prosecutors that they didn't commit the crime.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A federal judge is scheduled to hear arguments in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to their arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, their mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo denying online report connecting the executive to Twitter accounts that include posts critical of Embiid, Fultz.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
A New Jersey teacher has been convicted of simple assault of a student who hit their head on a cafeteria floor after authorities say they kicked a chair they were leaning back in.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Jordi De Jong, 13, from Malvern, Pa., spells "transude" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Adom Appiah, 14, from Spartanburg, S.C., spells "frustraneous" incorrectly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Lyla Heising, 13, from Wauseon, Ohio, walks offstage after incorrectly spelling "finial' during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Saisurya Lakkimsetti, 9, from Tulsa, Okla., spells "bonspiel" correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) - For 15 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema sat quietly next to Scripps National Spelling Bee pronouncer Jacques Bailly, just in case the indefatigable Bailly was somehow unable to fulfill their duties.
Bailly never missed a word.
But this year, the bee nearly doubled in size thanks to a new wild-card program, and Bailly knew they could wreck their voice if they didn't take some breaks over three full days of spelling.
"I could run myself into the ground doing this, because I just love doing it," Bailly said. "I don't really want to take a break, but ... I've got to do some pacing."
That meant Sietsema, the bee's longtime associate pronouncer, handled Bailly's duties Wednesday for two of the five groups of spellers - about 180 kids total.
"It was very exciting," Sietsema said. "It was a thrill."
Sietsema, a Greek Orthodox priest from Lansing, Michigan, cuts a striking figure among bee officials with their dark suit and white collar. Despite their religious vocation, they have a resume that suits the bee. A former linguistics professor, they worked for years as the pronunciation editor for Merriam-Webster.
Like Bailly, a classics professor and a former Scripps bee champion, Sietsema derives tremendous satisfaction from working with young spellers.
"It's wonderful to be part of a program that rewards young people who focus on scholastic and educational endeavors," Sietsema said. "To see their enthusiasm about literacy, about linguistics, just feeds my soul in a way that I can't quite describe."
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of Bailly and Sietsema over two days of preliminary rounds with no more than 50 finalists to be announced later Wednesday.
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because they also compete in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
"I don't have a lot of free time," Rebekah said.
Added their mother, Alissa Zeigler: "She's the most expensive child. The gas money alone."
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But they spelled "yarrow" correctly and achieved their goal for the week.
"I just have a really nice sense of accomplishment," they said. "I was really nervous and dreading it all week."
Rebekah could return to the bee for a fifth time next year - if she's able to hold off their younger brother, who came on strong in this year's regional bee.
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with their mom after they misspelled "balaclava."
Or so they thought.
"My mom got a phone call that told them I was reinstated," Reagan said. "I was like, 'Oh, sweet!'"
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave - "Balaklava" - is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn them that their word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition - a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face - their spelling was deemed correct after further review.
"I had no idea what the word meant," Reagan said. "It didn't occur to me to ask for a definition."
Still, their spelling wasn't a complete guess. They asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led them to include a "k'' instead of a "c."
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined they or they misspelled a word, bee director Paige Kimble said.
DEAD AIR
Considering how far they had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking their time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometer) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is their second time in the bee, and two of their older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. Their word on Wednesday was "quietude," and they created some.
It's a technique Daniel has developed over years of competing.
"I made too many mistakes by going fast," they said. "After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is."
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BOSTON, March 29 Billionaire investor William Ackman told investors that betting on Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc was a "huge mistake" and apologized "deeply and profoundly" for losing so much of their shareholders' money on the investment.
The bet on Valeant left Ackman's hedge fund Pershing Square Capital Management with back-to-back double-digit losses in 2015 and 2016 and tarnished their reputation as one of the hedge fund industry's most talented investors.
Ackman decided to sell their entire position earlier this month, suffering a roughly $4 billion loss since having bought the stake in early 2015.
"My approach to mistakes is that I personally assume 100 percent of the responsibility on behalf of the firm," they wrote in the firm's annual letter released on Tuesday evening.
The 50-year-old manager acknowledged the toll that it has taken on their image and said that they misjudged the management team in place when they bought the stock.
(Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
"There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions," Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's "Meet the Press with Chuck Todd" on Sunday. "So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen."
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 per cent to 20 per cent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 per cent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defence spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
By Donna Cassata, The Associated Press
New Delhi: The Delhi BJP has welcomed the Supreme Court verdict on the power tussle involving the office of Lt Governor and the AAP government, and said the ruling party should now shun its "political demand" of full statehood to the city.
BJP MLA and Leader of Opposition in the Delhi Assembly Vijender Gupta said the apex court verdict today has directed the AAP government to follow the law and it is expected that they will do so.
In a landmark verdict on the power tussle between the Delhi government and the Centre, the Supreme Court today held Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal does not have independent decision-making powers, and is bound to act on the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers.
It said all decisions of the Council of Ministers must be communicated to the LG but that does not mean their concurrence is required. "We welcome the SC verdict. The Delhi government should have been following the law even without the order of the court. We hope, they will do so after the judgement," they said. Delhi BJP spokesperson Praveen Shankar Kapoor said the verdict has "decided" that Delhi is a Union Territory and the AAP should stop raising their "political demand" for full statehood to the city. "We welcome the SC verdict. The Delhi government should have been following the law even without the order of the court. We hope, they will do so after the judgement," they said. Delhi BJP spokesperson Praveen Shankar Kapoor said the verdict has "decided" that Delhi is a Union Territory and the AAP should stop raising their "political demand" for full statehood to the city. "It is now decided that Delhi is a UT. So, the AAP and Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal should stop raising the full statehood demand." Kapoor said the judgement has directed for more cooperation between the LG and the city Cabinet and that all parties concerned should respect the verdict. "It is now decided that Delhi is a UT. So, the AAP and Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal should stop raising the full statehood demand." Kapoor said the judgement has directed for more cooperation between the LG and the city Cabinet and that all parties concerned should respect the verdict. The apex court's decision is a major victory for the AAP government which has been in a constant tug-of war with LG Anil Baijal, and also their predecessor Najeeb Jung, over the power wielded by the two branches of the executive. The apex court's decision is a major victory for the AAP government which has been in a constant tug-of war with LG Anil Baijal, and also their predecessor Najeeb Jung, over the power wielded by the two branches of the executive.
British sprinter Darren Campbell waits to speak to the media after winning their final 100m race at the Celtic Cup in Falkirk, Scotland August 17, 2006. REUTERS/David Moir
European Athletics' proposal to rewrite the majority of the pre-2005 world records would be for the "greater good", British former Olympic gold medallist Darren Campbell has said.
The organisation called for increased doping control measures in the new record ratification rules proposal on Monday which could also have an impact on existing marks.
Former sprinter Campbell, who could lose their 4x100m European record from 1999, believes the proposal is worth the sacrifice.
"I will sacrifice whatever it takes to save the sport and give its credibility back," they told BBC Radio 5 live.
"I've thought about it, put myself in their shoes of losing a record and yes, I've lost medals and you kind of go, 'OK it's for the greater good'. You have to accept it and move on.
"Records are there to be broken and some of those records can't be broken unless you're taking drugs."
Campbell wants the authorities to build on the initial proposal, saying tougher laws must be implemented for the sport to move past the doping scandals.
"We need to know how it is going to save the sport. We don't want to end up right back here in 20 years," they added.
"It is radical, it is a recommendation, but tell me how it's going to save the sport? That is the important thing."
European Athletics will forward the proposal to the International Association of Athletics Federations which will study it at its Council meeting in August.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
April 10 Avinger Inc:
* Avinger provides strategic update
* Sees q1 2017 revenue about $3.5 million
* Sees q1 2017 revenue down 22 percent
* Announced that it has been conducting a review of various strategic alternatives focused on maximizing shareholder value
* Reducing its workforce by approximately 33% compared to year-end 2016, to a total of 131 full-time equivalent employees
* Avinger-Potential strategic alternatives include raising capital from strategic investors, partnerships for distribution of products,sale/merger of co
* Avinger - based on organizational changes and expense reduction measures, expects cash utilization to decrease to about $7 million per quarter by h2 of 2017
* Expects cash currently on hand will be sufficient to fund operations through end of 2017
* Expects to file a 510(k) application for pantheris btk device in q4 of 2017
* Avinger- based on changes,other expense reduction measures, co expects cash utilization to decrease to abouty $7 million per quarter by second half of 2017
* Final results from pivotal vision study of company's lumivascular technology expected to be released by end of june 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Port Adelaide vice-captain Ollie Wines is expected to soon sign a fresh deal with their AFL club.
Wines fall off-contract at season's end but has been in talks with the Power, who picked them in the 2012 national draft.
The 23-year-old from Victoria is understood to have made up their mind to stay in Adelaide during Port's bye weekend.
"He's a real leader off the field, they do everything right," teammate Steven Motlop told reporters on Thursday.
"And he's a great guy and the boys love being around him.
"And on the field, it speaks for itself - he's a workhorse.
"He's the kind of guy you want around the footy club."
Wines, Moltop and their Port teammates travel to play Hawthorn in Launceston this weekend.
The Power have a six-three win-loss record after their bye weekend following a successful trip to China.
"It was a great trip for us to build our team camaraderie," Motlop said of the win in Shanghai over Gold Coast.
The week before China, Motlop gave Port's season a memorable boost with a last-minute match-winner against arch foes Adelaide.
"It was a good one to get for the club, having lost the last few to them," Motlop said.
"You could just see it in the fans and how loud they were and how much we really wanted it, especially as a team.
"That could set up our season."
But the ex-Cat said Port's focus was now squarely on Hawthorn, who have five wins and losses and sit below the Power on the ladder.
"Their form the last three or four weeks, they have lost a couple but been right there until three quarter-time against the best opposition," Motlop said.
"So we know how good they are as a footy club - and I especially know how good they are after playing against them for a long time.
"They are going to be a tough opposition but I think we're ready for them."
In an effort to streamline services and help patients navigate a sometimes-daunting system, The Ottawa Hospital and the Champlain Local Health Integration Network are in talks to create a “regional care co-ordination service” for medical assistance in dying.
As the region's largest hospital and an academic health sciences centre, the hospital has already taken the lead in medical assistance in dying since it became legal in June 2016. That puts the hospital in the position to offer guidance and education and help co-ordinate services, said chief of staff Dr. Jeffrey Turnbull.
“We believe we have a very effective model here. We would like to scale it up and work with regional partners,” said Turnbull. “We would like the whole region to have a comprehensive service. If there's something we can do to provide compassionate, patient-centred care, we would like to do that. There's a real need for people to understand the limitations and the opportunities and the need to provide respectful care.”
Having such a centre would not mean that everyone in the region who seeks or qualifies for medical assistance in dying would have it at The Ottawa Hospital. Rather, the hospital would share its knowledge with other health-care providers, Turnbull said. In fact, they wouldn't want the centre at the hospital because they want to see smaller communities develop their own resources. A regional service would help patients navigate the system and it would help identify resources and gaps in communities. It would also allow hospitals, long-term care facilities, retirement homes and other health-care providers to co-ordinate their services, as well as collect data to improve the system.
“We could be a support. This would be considered a co-ordinating centre rather than a care-delivery centre,” said Turnbull.
As it stands, The Ottawa Hospital provides the majority of medical assistance in dying assessments and procedures in the region.
While there are no definitive numbers of assisted death in the Champlain LHIN, which covers most of Eastern Ontario, the provincial coroner's office pegged the number of cases in the region to between 61 and 78 cases as of June 30. (The number in Ontario is calculated per county. If there are less than five deaths in any county, the coroner will record these as “less than five” to protect the privacy of residents in jurisdictions with small populations — therefore the numbers are presented as a range.)
The Ottawa Hospital was the provider in 46 of these cases — between 59 and 75 per cent of all those in the region. Of the procedures provided by the hospital, 17 were in the community, including patient homes and retirement homes. The hospital's medical team also provided 102 assessments, along with 32 social work assessments.
Another 43 requests for medical assistance in dying were processed by the hospital, but did not result in an assisted death. Some patients do not wish to proceed after gathering all the information, some lose their capacity to make the decision and are therefore ineligible, while others are so unwell that they die before receiving MAID, Turnbull said
In a report to the LHIN, the hospital noted that there have been many stories about patients who have had difficulty accessing medical assistance in dying. However, Turnbull said The Ottawa Hospital has no lack of providers and has recognized that supporting health-care workers on the medically assisted dying team is critical to maintaining a sustainable program. The hospital has even introduced “resiliency training” adapted from a model developed by National Defence, as well as support for families of patients.
“It is exceptionally rewarding but challenging,” said Turnbull. “We know it's not for everyone. And we are sensitive to that. We don't want to force anyone to be involved.”
Dr. Sanjay Acharya, the president of medical staff at the Queensway-Carleton Hospital, said their hospital already has a collaborative approach with The Ottawa Hospital when it comes to assisted dying. The Queensway-Carleton has taken referrals from The Ottawa Hospital when volumes were high. Assisted dying has been administered seven times at the Queensway-Carleton so far.
The informal physician network in the region is already very effective when it comes to referrals, said Acharya. “We are serving the local catchment area very well. That should equate to the region,” they said. “Anything we can do to make the system better is helpful.”
Shanaaz Gokool, the CEO of Dying with Dignity Canada, said hospitals in other large cities are also working to co-ordinate services. They applaud The Ottawa Hospital for offering to provide leadership in the Ottawa area, but says more than a year after medically assisted dying became legal, it still remains difficult for people to access information about who provides services and who doesn't.
“The real question is why the provincial government hasn't stepped up,” Gokool said.
Ontario offers the Care Coordination Service to connect patients with doctors and nurse practitioners who offer the services, but patients often find there are few providers on the list, Gokool said. (According to a spokesperson from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care, there were four providers in Champlain LHIN registered with the service as of Friday. The ministry does not have a list of hospitals that decline to offer medical assistance in dying.)
“We want an integrated system throughout the province. I think this needs to be an initiative at the provincial level,” said Gokool. “Everyone knows death is hard. Why do we have to make it so much more complicated?”
By the numbers:
61-78: Cases of medical assistance in dying in the Champlain Local Health Integration Network, as of June 30
46: How many were provided by The Ottawa Hospital between June 2016 and May 2017
17: How many were provided by the hospital in the community, such as patient homes and retirement homes
102: Medical assessments provided by the hospital's medical team
43: Requests made to the hospital which were processed, but did not result in a medically assisted death
4: Number of medical providers registered with the province's Care Coordination Service as willing to provide medical assistance in dying within the Champlain LHIN
548: Number of such deaths in Ontario as of June 30
55%: Proportion in hospitals
35%: In private homes
6%: In long-term care
3%: In retirement homes or seniors residences
73: Average age of a medically assisted dying patient in Ontario
53%: Proportion of patients who were male
47%: Were female
65%: Had cancer
15%: Had a neurological condition
11%: Had circulatory or respiratory conditions
7%: Other causes
It's common to see B.C. Lions players in head-to-toe gear, on the field, serious faces on, ready for game day.
But having the time of their lives and laughing while crashing an aquafit class at Thompson Rivers University? Now that will really put a smile on your face.
Check out the video below:
The video was shared to the team's official social media accounts Tuesday and captures the players having fun, dancing and generally spreading joy at the TRU wellness centre while an instructor leads the class.
The team has been at TRU since May 20 for a training camp ahead of the 2018 Canadian Football League season.
“This is beyond me! They are acting totally different,” a voice can be heard saying on the video in regards to the football players' playful demeanour.
One commenter joked on Instagram that the team was “workin' on those summer bodies.” Meanwhile, another self-professed Saskatchewan Roughriders fan admitted it was “awesome” and suggested their own CFL team try out an aquafit class.
This. Is. Awesome. And that is coming from a @sskroughriders fan! @ailsby check this out. And #Riders, I foresee a challenge to do this….. — Michele Ellingsen (@Creeks2013) May 29, 2018
The Lions will play their first pre-season game on Friday in Calgary against the Stampeders.
The club will then host Winnipeg Blue Bombers in a pre-season clash on June 8 before facing the Montreal Alouettes in the June 16 home opener at B.C. Place Stadium.
sip@postmedia.com
twitter.com/stephanie_ip
When setting up a brand-new television, such as the Philips 9002 OLED TV, you have to be aware of where it will be placed. That's not just so that everyone gets a great view - with OLED's super wide viewing angles, that's less of an issue these days - but you have to consider ambient light, for good and bad reasons.
Bad because, even with the excellent anti-glare technologies of modern flatscreens, light spilling in from windows and ill-placed internal lamps can hamper your viewing experience.
But good because well thought-out lighting around your living room or viewing area can greatly improve the experience. And with a Philips TV with Ambilight, the ambient lighting effects cast around the rear of the television can make a significant difference to your enjoyment.
Here, we'll explain how to avoid bad ambient lighting pitfalls and give you some examples of why Ambilight and other external lighting effects can make your TV viewing that much better.
When placing a TV in a room there are some tips you should keep in mind, some obvious, some not so. Don't, for example, hang your TV on wall directly opposite a window. And, if that's not avoidable, buy some black-out blinds or curtains.
Similarly, do not place a standing lamp or lighting sconces opposite the TV. At night, when you want to watch a show you will be glaring light directly onto the screen and, even with an excellent screen diffuser, you will find the reflection distracting.
The best viewing room is something that can be blacked out or dimmed even during daytime, ensuring that the visuals on screen are displayed at their best. Daylight, for example, can make darker areas of a picture indistinguishable and you'll find yourself missing out on details if your room is too bright.
A room's ambience should always be considered when calibrating a TV. The pictures will look different at day and night, so consider two different setups per source; one for day, one for night, The day setup, for example, will have brightness turned up a notch to counter sunlight affecting the visible contrast of a set.
This is less relevant with an OLED TV, such as the Philips 55POS9002, thanks to its excellent, deep black levels and searing brightness, even in daylight conditions, but even then two picture setups are advised for the best experience.
Even in daytime, casting light around a television that matches the on-screen action significantly draws you into the picture. Ambilight is unique to Philips' TVs and can be found on sets across a myriad of price ranges. Sometimes they sport LED lights along two sides, sometimes three (left, right and top), but they always give you a wider viewing experience you cannot get with any other brand.
The LEDs cast light onto the wall behind and change colour depending on the on-screen action, so rather than distract they turn your room into an extension of a show, sports event or movie. Alternatively, you can set them to a single colour to give your living space a designer, up-market feel while watching TV.
Ambient light, in this sense, heightens the overall effect, while naturally drawing your eyes to the screen itself. And if you use it in a darkened room, it is a completely immersive technology that has to be seen to be believed.
When combined with OLED screen technology, which allows for a super thin bezel like no other TV tech, the overall effect is spectacular. The screen bezel almost disappears, widening the visuals in spectacular form.
Plus, a 4K OLED TV with HDR displays colours with vibrancy and saturation never before seen in a consumer television, so when expanded with complementary lights from around the rear of the set, you get truly eye-popping results.
A Philips Ambilight TV can also sync with a Philips Hue lighting system, so cleverly placed lamps and other interior lights can enhance the feeling of total immersion further. Imagine the room's bulbs fading to green during a jungle scene, or blue while underwater in an episode of Blue Planet II.
Light can be used to set a scene superbly, with Hue bulbs automatically matching the Ambilight LEDs on the set itself. That way, the whole room takes on different tones and moods depending on what you watch.
Gaming is improved, with on-screen graphics being represented around the entire room. Play Doom, for example, and your room will be turned into the reddish nightmares you'll see on screen. It's enough to make you feel like you really are a part of the action. And with an Ambilight TV controlling the technology, you can even set your Hue lights to a games mode to have them respond more quickly, in order to reflect the speed of play.
When combined, Hue lighting, Ambilight and well-considered placement of a Philips TV can provide incredible experiences you can't get with any other make or model. It really needs to be seen to be believed, but once you do you won't want to go back.
© AFP 2018 / PHILIPPE HUGUEN UN Knew About Sexual Misconduct by Top Charities Since 2002, But Didn't Take Any Action - Reports "This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged," Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a Wednesday statement. They have been indicted on charges of rape in the 1st and 3rd degrees in one case and for 1st degree criminal sex act in another. They could face up to 54 years in jail if convicted.
"Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand," the statement adds.
This week, Weinstein's attorney Benjamin Brafman said in a statement that Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury on the sex crime charges against him.
"The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr. Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday [at] 2 p.m. Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the grand jury was denied. Accordingly, Mr. Brafman will inform the district attorney today that Mr. Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their lawyers and not testify before the grand jury," the statement adds.
© AP Photo / Jordan Strauss/Invision/File Harvey Weinstein's Ex-Assistant Praised on Social Media for Breaking Silence on Rape Allegations "After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the grand jury, Mr. Weinstein's lawyers decided that there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr. Weinstein," Brafman said in the statement.
Weinstein has been the subject of a probe by New York police and the Manhattan District Attorney's Office since October 2017. The Miramax co-founder and former head is facing charges that they forced aspiring actor Lucia Evans to perform oral sex on them in 2004, according to the Daily News. Evans told Ronan Farrow, who broke open the story in October of the allegations about Weinstein for the New Yorker after years of rumors, that they clearly told the producer to stop, over and over, during the episode.
Weinstein has also been accused of sexual misconduct and assault — including rape — by actores Rose McGowan and Asia Argento, as well as a host of other women, including some who worked for them at Miramax. Some members of their staff have also been accused of enabling or brushing off their behavior. Weinstein has admitted to boorish manners, but denied any wrongdoing, according to Brafman.
WillSaints81 1000 Posts +
Join Date: Oct 2012 Posts: 3,076
It is clear Brees won't outlast Brady Brees may actually be the problem. Which tells us they can't play at a high level four full quarters anymore. Can they even win with a offense like 2011 now? I don't care what the defense allowed or their second half urgency they just does not have that drive anymore. 13 points in the first half while the other team has 35. 2011 Brees doesn't allow it.
Have any of you actually watched a non-saints game this season featuring good defenses with better offenses?
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump on Tuesday will sign an executive order directing federal agencies to implement the “Buy American, Hire American” rhetoric of their campaign.
The order looks to bolster protections for certain American-made goods and calls for a review of the H-1B visa program for skilled workers, with the goal of reforming the program, senior administration officials said.
Trump will sign the executive order during a trip Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where they will tour the headquarters of Snap-on-Tools, a Wisconsin-based manufacturer, and deliver a speech about US manufacturing.
Senior administration officials who briefed reporters Monday touted the executive order as a “historic step” that would help protect American manufacturers and American workers whom the administration believes have been hurt by lax enforcement of “Buy American” laws and employers abusing the H1-B visa program.
The executive order, though, does not take direct action to fundamentally change either portion, instead initiating a series of reviews and assessments and calling on federal departments to begin proposing reforms to the programs. The order would send a clear signal to federal agencies responsible for enforcing the programs that the current administration wants to see a more aggressive stance, officials said.
“Both ‘buy American' and ‘hire American' rules have been enormously diluted over time resulting in many lost job opportunities for American workers,” one senior administration official said, adding that groups on both sides of the aisle have called for reforms of those rules to no avail.
“This is what America wants,” said a second official.
On the “hire American” front, the executive order directs federal agencies to more strictly enforce H1-B visa laws and propose reforms to the program to prevent fraud and abuse and ensure visas are awarded to the most-skilled applicants. The H1-B visa program is intended to bring skilled workers in certain fields to the US, but the administration contended that employers have abused the program to hire workers who will accept cheaper pay than Americans.
The “buy American” portion of the order directs agencies to conduct a “top-to-bottom performance review” of the use of waivers and calls for stricter enforcement laws pertaining to the purchase of US-made goods by the federal government and the use of US-made iron and steel in projects supported by federal funds.
” ‘Buy American' is the Trump administration's highest priority when it comes to spending taxpayer dollars,” one senior administration official said.
The CEO of Snap-On, the manufacturer Trump will visit on Tuesday, said in a statement they believe “the President's visit emphasizes the need to nurture (US) manufacturing strength.”
But the CEO, Nicholas Pinchuk, pointed not to measure to protect American-made goods or reforms to the H1-B visa program, but rather to more training for workers.
“We are today in a global competition for jobs. And, the best way to make America successful in this environment is to arm our people with the technical capabilities that enable them to win that global contest for prosperity,” Pinchuk said in a statement on the company's website. “The upskilling of the American workforce is the seminal issue of our time. We must refocus on technical education, restore our respect for the dignity of work and celebrate technical jobs not as the consolation prize of our society, but as what they really are — a national calling essential to our ongoing prosperity.”
The trip to Wisconsin on Monday will be Trump's firs since becoming President.
Trump clinched victory in the state that hasn't voted for a Republican for president since 1984 in part by turning counties like Kenosha County — which happens to be home to their chief of staff Reince Priebus — theirs way.
Trump narrowly defeated their rival Hillary Clinton in the county — by only 238 votes — in a 47%-to-47% split. But that came after President Barack Obama carried the county in both 2008 and 2012 by 18 and 12 percentage points, respectively.
The visit to the politically crucial state that helped carry Trump to a shocking electoral victory in November comes as Trump approaches the 100-day mark of their presidency — and Trump is eager to show signs of success and action.
Trump's move on Tuesday will not be in the form of any legislation, but rather another executive order — a tool Trump has used repeatedly since taking office to show their political supporters that they are making good on key campaign promises without the messy fight of legislative action.
One senior administration official briefing reporters on Monday hinted at the political implications of the visit, touting Trump looking out for working-class interests and Tuesday's executive order as one aimed at “turning the Republican Party into a vehicle to broadly represent working-class citizens.”
[India], December 12 (ANI): The high-decibel campaigning for the second and final phase of the Gujarat assembly elections will be concluded this evening.
During the last day of the campaigning, Prime Minister Narendra Modi travelled from Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via seaplane.
Prime Minister Modi tweeted that their government is making efforts for harnessing waterways.
Earlier in the day, they connected with party's OBC Morcha workers through audio bridge technology.
Meanwhile, Congress president designate Rahul Gandhi visited Jagannath Temple at Ahmedabad to offer their prayers. Rahul is also scheduled to interact with the media in Ahmedabad. The second phase of the Gujarat polls will be held on December 14 in 93 assembly constituencies. The first phase of polls for 89 seats took place on December 9 and counting of votes will be done on December 18. The crucial elections are being seen as prestige battle for BJP, which has been ruling the state for last 22 years, while it is a litmus test for the Congress.(ANI)
SEATTLE – It was supposed to be an easy dash to the getaway car, but some thieves trying to rip off a Costco didn't even make it out of the door Wednesday, according to Seattle police, who released video of the botched heist.
Police were notified after a Costco loss-prevention officer noticed two people stockpiling high-priced electronics and other items around 5:30 p.m., according to KIRO.
Police decided to wait for the would-be criminals outside of a fire exit. “He's just going to run out with their laptop,” one officer says.
Seconds later, the double doors burst open and two people, holding multiple items, run straight into the arms of the waiting officers. Police arrested a 30-year-old man, a 21-year-old woman and an 18-year-old woman believed to be the getaway driver.
The 30-year-old was carrying a seven-inch knife, according to KIRO, and loss-prevention officers said they'd dealt with the man in the past and recognized the blade.
Authorities believe the group may have been responsible for another Costco robbery earlier that day, in which the crooks made off with $2,200 worth of items, according to KOMO.
All three suspects were taken to King County jail, where officers booked the man on investigation of robbery and the women on investigation of theft charges.
The Leitrim Guardian will hold its AGM tonight, July 4 , at 9pm in Berry's Tavern, Drumshanbo. All are welcome. In fact, we would love to see you there!
This meeting will consider the future of the Leitrim Guardian. New members of the committee are urgently required in order to secure the future of this historic journal.
Would you like to be part of this piece of history? If so, please attend the AGM and find out what you can do. Every little contribution helps. Would you like to be a committee member, become an officer? Perhaps you are good at marketing, can help with our website, manage our online sales, or can help with distribution? Maybe you would like to help with proofreading? It could be that you know people who have good stories to tell and you can encourage them to write a piece for the forthcoming edition?
The more hands we have on deck, the easier the job is for everyone. We welcome all to attend the AGM who would like to add their voice of support to the future of this historic publication. Find out what you can do to help!
Should you be unable to attend the AGM but would like to help please send an email about what skills you an contribution or area of particular interest to the editor blaithingallagher@eircom.net or secretary Fr John Sexton fjsexton@gmail.com or 0879438423.
Election of officers for the coming year will take place at the AGM. We look forward to seeing you there.
The National Weather Service in Wichita has issued a flood warning for the following river in Kansas…
Cow Creek near Hutchinson affecting Reno and Rice Counties.
Do not drive into flooded areas or go around barricades. Nearly two feet of water will carry most vehicles away. Turn around don`t drown.
The warning is from late tonight until Monday afternoon.
At 8:15 a.m., Friday the stage was 6.0 feet. Flood stage is 9.5 feet. Minor flooding is forecast.
Forecast…Rise above flood stage by early Saturday morning and continue to rise to near 10.2 feet by early Sunday morning. The river will fall below flood stage by Monday morning.
Impact…At 9.0 feet…Water will cross 95th Avenue in a small section, between Dean and Sallee Roads. Water spreads over low spots across cropland or fields. More sections of the banks will overflow.
DEARBORN HEIGHTS, MI (CBS Local) – A Michigan family is demanding answers after their five-year-old son claims two teachers repeatedly taped their mouth shut and threw out their lunch at school.
“She put the scotch tape on my mouth,” Abdul Dannaoui said, via WNEM. “They said don't tell your mom or dad, or no one.” The Highview Elementary School student reportedly told their parents on March 26 that they had been prevented from eating their lunch as many as 10 times by the two educators. The child has not returned to the school since the latest incident.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's their second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma?” Abdul's mother Hoda Dannaoui told reporters. The boy's parents have filed a police report over the alleged abuse and are reportedly planning to sue the school district for failing to stop the teachers.
“It's outrageous. It's absurd. You think you send your kid to a place or school, where they would be safe,” attorney Nabih Ayad added. According to the family's lawyer, only one of the two teachers has been removed from Highview Elementary.
The substitute teaching assistant was reported on the same day of the last incident and removed from the school. “That's not the type of person we want working for us,” Crestwood School District superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg said, via The Detroit News. “This is not our standard of care. This should not have happened.”
Crestwood School District disputed that the five-year-old had been abused by the teachers prior to March 26. VanValkenburg said that the school has “no knowledge of” other times Dannaoui's mouth was taped shut, however Dearborn Heights Police are now investigating the boy's claims.
Dannaoui's mother said their son won't return to the school until the other teacher accused of assaulting Abdul is fired.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
The draw for the MTN FA Cup round of 64 stage was held Thursday afternoon at the Ghana Football Association (GFA) Secretariat in Accra.
This stage of the competition features 16 Premier League teams, 34 qualified clubs from Division one and 14 clubs from the division two Leagues.
The 2015/2016 MTN FA Cup champions, Bechem United would start their title defence by welcoming division two league side, Young Apostles to the Bechem Park. The Hunters defeated Okwahu united at the Cape Coast Stadium to clinch their first major trophy in the last edition.
The pairings for the MTN round of 64 stage is as follows: Ashanti region – Asokwa Deportivo vs AshantiGold; King Faisal Vs Atwima Mahoni FC; Achiken FC Vs New Edubiase and Bekwai Youth Vs Kumasi Asante Kotoko.
Greater Accra – Inter Allies Vs Liberty Pros; Hearts of Oak Vs Sporting Mirren; Emmanuel FC vs Tema Youth; Young Wise Vs Great Olympics; True Democracy vs Danbort and Amidaus vs Vision FC.
Western region- Real United vs Medeama; Dolphins FC vs FC 1996 Samatex; Bibiani Gold Stars vs Rail Stars FC and Wasaman FC vs Nzema Kotoko.
Eastern region – Okyeman Planners vs Dreams FC and Phar Rangers vs Kotoku Royals.
Volta region- Alke FC Vs WAFA, Uncle Tee Stars vs Narita FC and Lions Vs Nadm SC.
Central region – Dwarfs vs Elmina Sharks; Windy Pros vs UniStar Academy and Proud United vs Fetteh Youngsters.
Northern region – Bolga Soccer Stars vs Steadfast FC; Guan United vs FC Utrecht and RTU vs Bolga All Stars.
Brong Ahafo region – Brong Ahafo United vs Glory Stars; Bechem United vs Young Apostles; Nsoatre FC vs Berekum Chelsea; Unity FC vs Nea Salamina and Techiman Eleven Wonders vs Aduana Stars.
Upper West region – Power SC vs Kintampo FC and Wa All Stars vs Dark Horses.-GNA
FILE - In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018, file photo, former South Korean President Lee Myung-bak arrives for questioning over bribery allegations at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office in Seoul, South Korea. South Korean prosecutors said on Monday, March 19, 2018, they have requested an arrest warrant for Lee over corruption allegations. (Kim Hong-Ji/Pool Photo via AP, File)
FILE - In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018, file photo, former South Korean President Lee Myung-bak arrives for questioning over bribery allegations at the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office in Seoul, South Korea. South Korean prosecutors said on Monday, March 19, 2018, they have requested an arrest warrant for Lee over corruption allegations. (Kim Hong-Ji/Pool Photo via AP, File)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - South Korean prosecutors have requested an arrest warrant for ex-President Lee Myung-bak over allegations of bribery, embezzlement and other charges, officials said Monday.
Lee, a conservative who governed from 2008 to 2013, is the latest South Korean leader to be entangled in scandals or other problems after leaving office. Lee's conservative successor, Park Geun-hye, was removed from office and jailed last year in a separate corruption scandal. Prosecutors last month demanded a 30-year prison term for Park, the country's first female president.
The Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office said it has asked a court to approve Lee's arrest.
South Korean media say Seoul Central District Court will likely decide whether to issue an arrest warrant by Wednesday night at the earliest.
Prosecutors accuse Lee of taking a total of 11 billion won ($10 million) in bribes from their own intelligence agency, business groups and a former lawmaker. Prosecutors also allege Lee used an auto parts manufacturer as a channel to establish illicit slush funds totaling 30 billion won ($28 million).
Lee has called the allegations political revenge by the current government of liberal President Moon Jae-in. Lee referred to the 2009 suicide of liberal ex-President Roh Moo-hyun, who jumped to their death during a corruption investigation involving their family when Lee was president. Moon, who was Roh's chief of staff, previously called the investigation of Roh by the Lee government politically motivated.
Almost all South Korean presidents, their family members and key associates have been either arrested or embroiled in corruption scandals and other troubles before they ended their terms or after they left office. Park's father, Park Chung-hee, a former army general who ruled with an iron fist in the 1970-80s, was assassinated by their spy chief during a drinking party.
Lee, a former Hyundai executive who led the company's meteoric rise and built a reputation as a man who can get things done, took office with a promise to boost the economy and take a harder line toward North Korea. But their five-year term was dominated by rising animosity with North Korea, massive public protests against imports of U.S. beef and an economy hit by the global financial meltdown.
US ambassador: Some in Turkish gov't want vengeance rather than justice
John Bass, the departing US ambassador to Turkey, on Friday said some in the Turkish government are motivated by “vengeance rather than justice,” voicing concern at coverage in pro-government media outlets of the arrest of a Turkish national working in the İstanbul consulate, the Hürriyet Daily News reported.
“I am deeply disturbed that some people in the Turkish government prefer to try this case through media outlets rather than properly pursuing the case in a court of law before a judge. That does not strike me as pursuing justice, it seems to me more a pursuit of vengeance,” Bass told reporters in İstanbul on Friday.
As they prepare to leave Ankara for their next assignment in Afghanistan, Bass met this morning with a group of journalists who they identified as representatives of the “serious media.”
Referring to the absence of representatives from a number of outlets particularly close to the Ankara government, the US ambassador said they did not extend the invitation “because I don't consider them to be journalistic outlets any longer, given the extent to which they deal in fiction and do not follow a basic set of journalistic ethics.”
According to the report, Bass then touched on the subject of the “arrest and charges brought against one of our employees in Istanbul.” Their identification of the individual as “one of our employees” is noteworthy given the fact that the Turkish Foreign Ministry issued a statement on Thursday saying “he is neither a staff member of the US Consulate nor do they have any diplomatic or consular immunity.”
“I continue to believe that these charges are without merit. I don't believe there is going to be evidence that substantiates these charges,” said Bass, also voicing displeasure about coverage of the issue in the pro-government media.
“There is a big difference between pursuing justice and pursuing vengeance in terms of the rule of law and the democratic norms that this country, and my country, have committed themselves to, both through the Helsinki charter and their own constitutions,” they added, the Hürriyet Daily News reported. (turkishminute.com)
Related
HOMEGROWN A-listers Margot Robbie, Nicole Kidman and Hugh Jackman will lead the Aussie charge at next year's Golden Globe Awards.
Robbie has been nominated in the best comedy/musical actor category for their title role in I, Tonya , an unconventional biopic based on real-life, disgraced figure skater Tonya Harding.
Robbie has earned rave reviews for the role as the foul-mouthed, ultra-competitive skater who was infamously linked to an attack on their rival Nancy Kerrigan ahead of the 1994 Winter Olympics. The Queensland actor also co-produced the film, which opens in Australia on January 25, and could collect another trophy if, I Tonya triumphs in the best comedy/musical category in which it is also nominated.
Robbie, who also impressed in last year's Suicide Squad and is currently on screens in the drama Goodbye Christopher Robin , is considered a hot chance when the winners are announced on January 7 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
Robbie faces some stiff competition in the category and will go up against this year's best actor Oscar winner Emma Stone ( Battle Of the Sexes ), highly fancied Saoirse Ronan ( Lady Bird ) as well as Oscar-winning Dames Helen Mirren ( The Leisure Seeker ) and Judi Dench ( Victoria and Abdul )
The Golden Globes, organised by the Hollywood Foreign Press Agency, is traditionally one of the indicators of success at the Academy Awards and this year's ceremony comes more than two weeks before the Oscars nominations are released on January 23.
However, given that the Golden Globes splits films and acting categories into musical/comedy and drama, Robbie's competition for the Oscars will be even tougher with acting heavyweights such as Meryl Streep ( The Post ), Sally Hawkins ( The Shape of Water ) and Frances McDormand ( Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri ) all nominated for best drama actor at the Globes.
Camera Icon Nicole Kidman and Alexander Skarsgard have both been nominated for Golden Globes for Big Little Lies. Picture: Supplied
Nicole Kidman also continued their red hot streak with a couple of nominations for Big Little Lies and is a chance to repeat their Emmys double for best actor in a limited series or TV movie and as a producer in the best TV movie or limited series. Kidman has been a Golden Globes favourite for 25 years, with the first of their 11 nominations (for three wins) coming in 1991 and the most recent at last year's awards for Aussie surprise package Lion .
It was a big day for the acclaimed HBO drama, which announced a second season last week, leading the TV category with six nominations with nods also going to Reese Witherspoon for best actor, Alexander Skarsgard for best supporting actor and Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley both for best supporting actor.
Camera Icon Hugh Jackman in a scene from The Greatest Showman — they are nominated for a Golden Globe for best actor in a motion picture comedy or musical. Picture: AP
Fellow Aussie A-lister Hugh Jackman could also repeat their best comedy/musical actor success for Les Miserables four years ago with another all-singing, all-dancing role as circus entrepreneur PT Barnum in The Greatest Showman . It opens in Australia on Boxing Day and Jackman will walk the red carpet with co-stars Zac Efron and Zendaya at the Sydney premiere next Wednesday.
Other Australian actors nominated were Oscar-winner Geoffrey Rush for their acclaimed portrayal of Albert Einstein in Genius and 21-year-old Katherine Langford for their role as Hannah Baker in the controversial Netflix teen drama, 13 Reasons Why . The Jane Campion-directed Top Of the Lake: China Girl , which was set and shot in Sydney, will go head to head against Big Little Lies for best TV movie or limited series.
In film, Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale The Shape of Water swam away with a leading seven nominations and box office hit Dunkirk earned a directing nomination for Christopher Nolan and a shot at best picture drama. The forthcoming The Post , scored nominations in all major categories, including best picture drama, the best director for Steven Spielberg, the best actor drama for Tom Hanks and best actor drama for Meryl Streep.
FULL LIST OF NOMINATIONS FOR THE 2018 GOLDEN GLOBES
Best Motion Picture (Drama)
Call Me by Your Name
Dunkirk
The Post
The Shape of Water
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Motion Picture (Musical/Comedy)
The Disaster Artist
Get Out
The Greatest Showman
I, Tonya
Lady Bird
Best Motion Picture (Animated)
The Boss Baby
The Breadwinner
Ferdinand
Coco
Loving Vincent
Best Actor in a Motion Picture (Drama)
Timothée Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name
Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread
Tom Hanks, The Post
Gary Oldman, The Darkest Hour
Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.
Best Actress in a Motion Picture (Drama)
Jessica Chastain, Molly's Game
Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Meryl Streep, The Post
Michelle Williams, All the Money in the World
Best Actor in a Motion Picture (Musical/Comedy)
Steve Carell, Battle of the Sexes
Ansel Elgort, Baby Driver
James Franco, The Disaster Artist
Hugh Jackman, The Greatest Showman
Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out
Best Actress in a Motion Picture (Musical/Comedy)
Judi Dench, Victoria & Abdul
Margot Robbie, I, Tonya
Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird
Emma Stone, Battle of the Sexes
Helen Mirren, The Leisure Seeker
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project
Armie Hammer, Call Me by Your Name
Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water
Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World
Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, Mudbound
Hang Chau, Downsizing
Allison Janney, I, Tonya
Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird
Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water
Best Director (Motion Picture)
Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water
Martin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Christopher Nolan, Dunkirk
Ridley Scott, All The Money in the World
Steven Spielberg, The Post
Best Screenplay (Motion Picture)
The Shape of Water
Lady Bird
The Post
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
Molly's Game
Best Original Score (Motion Picture)
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
The Shape of Water
Phantom Thread
The Post
Dunkirk
Best Foreign Film
A Fantastic Woman
First They Killed My Father
In the Fade
Loveless
The Square
Best Television Series (Drama)
The Crown
Game of Thrones
The Handmaid's Tale
Stranger Things
This is Us
Best Television Series (Comedy)
Blackish
The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Master of None
SMILF
Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actor (Musical/Comedy)
Anthony Anderson — Blackish
Aziz Ansari — Master of None
Kevin Bacon — I Love Dick
William H. Macy — Shameless
Eric McCormack — Will & Grace
Best Television Performance by an Actress (Musical/Comedy)
Pamela Adlon — Better Things
Alison brie — Glow
Issa Rae — Insecure
Rachel Brosnahan — The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Frankie Shaw — SMILF
Best Television Performance by an Actor (Drama)
Sterling K. Brown, This is Us
Freddie Highmore, The Good Doctor
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Live Schreiber, Ray Donovan
Jason Bateman, Ozark
Best Actress Television Performance by an Actress (Drama)
Caitriona Balfe, Outlander
Claire Foy, The Crown
Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Deuce
Katherine Langford, 13 Reasons Why
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
Best Television Performance by an Actor (Limited Series)
Robert De Niro — The Wizard of Lies
Jude Law — The Young Pope
Kyle MacLachlan — Twin Peaks
Ewan McGregor — Fargo
Geoffrey Rush — Genius
Best Television Performance by an Actress (Limited Series)
Jessica Biel — The Sinner
Nicole Kidman — Big Little Lies
Jessica Lange — Feud: Bette and Joan
Susan Sarandon — Feud: Bette and Joan
Reese Witherspoon — Big Little Lies
Best Supporting Actor (Television)
Alfred Molina — Feud: Bette and Joan
Alexander Skarsgard — Big Little Lies
David Thewlis — Fargo
David Harbour — Stranger Things
Christian Slater — Mr. Robot
Best Supporting Actress (Television)
Laura Dern — Big Little Lies
Ann Dowd — The Handmaid's Tale
Christy Metz — This is Us
Michelle Pfeiffer — The Wizard of Lies
Shailene Woodley — Big Little Lies
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Big Little Lies
Fargo
Feud: Bette and Joan
The Sinner
Top of the Lake: China Girl
Gastroparesis, also known as delayed gastric emptying, can be defined as a disease of the stomach muscles or the nerves controlling these muscles that causes the stomach muscles to stop functioning. It affects the spontaneous movement of the stomach muscles. Impaired mobility of the stomach muscles leads to emptying of the stomach. Gastroparesis occurs due to damage to the vagus nerve either because of injury or illness. Gastroparesis that commonly occurs among people is known as idiopathic gastroparesis, indicating that the actual cause of the disease is unclear. Diabetes is other common cause of gastroparesis, as high blood sugar levels leads to slow damage of the vagus nerve causing gastroparesis. The common symptoms of the disease include nausea, feeling of fullness, gastroesophagial reflux, abdominal bloating, lack of appetite, and pain in the stomach area.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=39305
The global gastroparesis treatment market is anticipated to record moderate growth during the forecast period. Growth of the market can be attributed to increase in prevalence of diabetes mellitus among people, rise in number of surgeries being performed which could lead to post-operative gastroparesis, introduction of novel drugs, and focus of market players on research and development to launch specific drugs for the treatment of gastroparesis. Additionally, untapped opportunities in the emerging markets such as India and China are likely to fuel the growth of the market. However, usage of non-prescription drugs, side effects of available gastroparesis drugs, and stringent regulatory environment for the approval of new drugs are expected to restrain the market during the forecast period. Moreover, lack of awareness among people about gastroparesis and available treatments is anticipated to hamper market growth.
The global gastroparesis treatment market can be segmented based on drug class, type, distribution channel, and region. In terms of drug class, the market can be categorized into prokinetic agents, botulinum toxin injection, and antiemetic agents. The prokinetic agents segment dominated the market in 2016, owing to effectiveness, ease of availability, high usage, and applicability of these medications in treating gastroparesis. Based on type, the global gastroparesis treatment market can be classified into diabetic gastroparesis, chronic gastroparesis, idiopathic gastroparesis, and post-operative gastroparesis. The post-operative gastroparesis segment is anticipated to expand at a rapid pace during the forecast period, owing to increase in the number of surgeries such as transplantation. In terms of distribution channel, the market can be divided into retail pharmacies, hospital pharmacies, and others. The hospital pharmacies segment dominated the market in 2016 and the trend is anticipated to continue during the forecast period.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=39305
Geographically, the global gastroparesis treatment market can be segmented into five major regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America was the largest market in terms of revenue in 2016 and the trend is anticipated to continue during the forecast period. Growth of the market in the region can be attributed to rise in the number of diabetic patients. Diabetic gastroparesis is considered one of the major forms of gastroparesis affecting the population. Europe is expected to be the next attractive market for gastroparesis treatment. However, sluggish economy in the region is likely to hamper the growth of the market. The market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to expand at a high CAGR owing to factors such as government focus on enhancing health care facilities, rise in patient population, and increase in product approvals.
Leading players operating in the global gastroparesis treatment market are Boston Scientific Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., C. R. Bard, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Medtronic, Salix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Global Services, LLC, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Alfa Wassermann SPA, and Evoke Pharma, among others.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=39305
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
View larger $11.99 $8.99 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68857-1
Part No: P0403
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Throwback Space
Genres: Comedy | Drama | Romance
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: Paramount Pictures
Original U.S. Release: October 5, 1961
Rating: NR
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Here we have a colorful one sheet for Blake Edwards' Breakfast at Tiffany's, starring Audrey Hepburn.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Audrey Hepburn | Buddy Ebsen | George Peppard | John McGiver | Martin Balsam | Mickey Rooney | Patricia Neal | Stanley Adams
Directors: Blake Edwards
Project Name: Breakfast At Tiffany's
Related Items
Categories
Comedy | Drama | Movies, TV & Gaming | Paramount Pictures | Posters - Reprints | Romance | Throwback Space
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Russia will not permit anyone to wipe out the great history of successful partnership with the United States during World War II, Russian Ambassador to US Anatoly Antonov said at an event commemorating the 75th anniversary of the Stalingrad Battle victory.
"Several attempts are being made to forget the heroic pages of the US-Russia alliance." Antonov said at the Russian Embassy on Friday. "We will not allow this to happen."
On February 2, Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Volgograd, formerly Stalingrad, to take part in celebrations of the anniversary of victory in one of the pivotal battles of World War II.
READ MORE: Missing WWII US Navy Submarine Discovered Off Hawaii (PHOTOS)
© Sputnik/ Alexei Druzhinin President Putin Tells the Story of How Their Father Volunteered for WWII
Antonov recalled that Russia and the United States demonstrated unity in the fight against a common enemy in the Second World War, which was a key to defeating fascism.
The envoy stressed Russian government is committed to do everything possible to preserve the history for future generations, which is very important when the modern world is facing an imminent terrorism threat.
The ambassador noted that a number of US cities, including Seattle, New York, San Francisco, Houston, Chicago, actively participated in the international public action "Thank you, Stalingrad."
READ MORE: Russian MoD Unveils Unique Docs on 75th Anniversary of Victory at Stalingrad
The Russian Ministry of Defense has created a special multimedia section on its website, which presents unique archival documents, including the recently declassified — the Central Archive of the Defense Ministry, reflecting the initial stage of the Battle of Stalingrad.
The Battle of Stalingrad, which lasted from July 17, 1942 to February 2, 1943, is regarded as one of the largest and bloodiest battles in the history of the World War II. It became a major turning point in the war and paved the way for the subsequent Soviet victory over the Nazis in May 1945.
FRIDAY, Feb. 2, 2018 -- This flu season continues to be one of the nastiest in years. And it isn't helping that the flu vaccine may be less than 20 percent effective against the season's dominant strain, according to a new Canadian report.
In the meantime, thousands of Americans are clogging hospital ERs or suffering at home, with new statistics from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showing cases at epidemic levels.
As of Jan. 27, 48 states, down from 49 last week, continue to experience widespread flu activity, the CDC said, with the more virulent H3N2 strain accounting for most reported flu cases.
Not surprisingly, flu-linked hospitalization rates continued to rise -- from 41.9 per 100,000 people the week ending Jan. 20 to 51.4 per 100,000 people for the week ending Jan. 27.
"As of this week, overall hospitalizations are now the highest we've seen, even higher than 2014-15, our previous high season," said CDC Acting Director Dr. Anne Schuchat during a Friday news briefing.
"We also continue to hear reports of crowded hospitals and spot shortages of antiviral medications and rapid influenza tests," they said. "Unfortunately, our latest tracking data indicate that flu activity is still high and widespread across most of the nation, and increasing overall.
"This week, we are reporting an additional 16 flu-related pediatric deaths for this season, meaning there are even more families now devastated by flu," they added.
The CDC says 53 children have died of the flu so far this season.
Preventing flu with vaccination is the best means of avoiding these tragedies, of course, but statistics released Thursday out of Canada suggest this season's vaccine is just 17 percent effective against the H3N2 strain.
U.S. estimates of flu shot effectiveness are still to come, but Schuchat wasn't surprised by the Canadian number, since it's been tough to craft a potent vaccine against the H3N2 flu strain.
"A single number doesn't really tell the whole story, but we know that H3N2 vaccine effectiveness is lower, year in and year out," they told reporters. "We expect the effectiveness against the H3N2 strains will be low. That's what they saw in Australia at the end of the season, but we don't have that final number yet."
There is one glimmer of hope: Schuchat said flu activity seems to be easing somewhat in Western states, with Oregon showing a dip in caseloads last week.
Dr. Daniel Jernigan directs the CDC's influenza division. Speaking at the news conference, they agreed that "if this current trend in hospitalization rates is maintained through the season, it is possible the number of flu hospitalizations may well exceed 710,000 as seen in 2014-15."
Older flu patients are still the most prone to needing hospital care, the report showed, as rates continued to be very high for people between the ages of 50 and 64.
But CDC officials stressed that, even if the vaccine's effectiveness is relatively low compared to prior seasons, it's still important -- and not too late -- to get a flu shot.
That's because any protection is better than none, and studies have shown that being inoculated can at least reduce the severity of the flu if you get it.
That's particularly true for kids, Jernigan said.
"For this season, only 20 percent of these pediatric deaths have been vaccinated, and half of these children were otherwise healthy," they noted. And these deaths were associated with H3N2, H1N1 and influenza B strains -- "all of the different types of influenza are causing these deaths," Jernigan said.
Schuchat also stressed that "we are by no means out of the woods. Most seasons last up to 20 weeks, and we've probably got several weeks left of increased flu activity."
Despite the severity of the season, the American Lung Association says there are things you can do to avoid being stricken by the virus.
"The flu is more than just 'a bad cold.' It's a serious respiratory illness that's easily spread from person to person, usually when the person with the flu coughs or sneezes," said Dr. Norman Edelman, senior scientific advisor for the American Lung Association.
"Symptoms of the flu include fever, cough, weakness, aches and pains," Edelman said in a lung association news release. "If you have asthma or other lung diseases, you are at higher risk of developing complications from the flu."
There are a number of ways people can protect themselves and others. They include:
Get a flu shot. Though this year's vaccine isn't a perfect match for the viruses in circulation, it's still the best way to protect against infection. And some protection is better than none. Flu season may not end until May. The flu shot will remain effective for roughly six months.
Though this year's vaccine isn't a perfect match for the viruses in circulation, it's still the best way to protect against infection. And some protection is better than none. Flu season may not end until May. The flu shot will remain effective for roughly six months. Seek medical attention. People who develop flu-like symptoms should see a doctor right away. Antiviral medications such as Tamiflu and Relenza can help ease symptoms, but these drugs are most effective if taken within 48 hours of getting sick.
People who develop flu-like symptoms should see a doctor right away. Antiviral medications such as Tamiflu and Relenza can help ease symptoms, but these drugs are most effective if taken within 48 hours of getting sick. Don't spread the misery. If you get the flu, take steps to prevent passing the infection to others. Sick people should cover their mouth and nose with a tissue when coughing or sneezing. Hands should be washed frequently. People should avoid touching their eyes, nose or mouth, particularly if their hands aren't clean. Be sure to disinfect possibly contaminated surfaces and objects. Anyone with the flu should stay home and not go to work or school for about a week. Once flu symptoms appear, people are contagious for five to seven days.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has more about the flu.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Hide press release Show press release
A NEW LEVEL OF PERFORMANCE AND SOPHISTICATION:
THE NEXT GENERATION OF LEXUS ES
 Transformation of the sedan previously known for comfort and quietness into one equally
capable of delivering class-leading handling and performance
 Emotional design Reflects New Dynamic Capabilities
After six generations of unprecedented success in the midsize sedan category, the next-generation Lexus ES is
forging a new, more ambitious path. Long known for its unparalleled comfort, refinement and luxury
appointments, the seventh-generation ES builds on its strengths with an all-new chassis that allows for a more
dynamic exterior design and even better driving performance.
The introduction of the new Lexus ES continues the expression of the brand's design direction and commitment
towards crafting vehicles with heightened excitement, emotion and passion expanding that vision of the brand's
future to a broader audience. Traditional buyers will find the new ES more spacious, quieter and safer than ever
before while a new generation of customers will be introduced to a sedan with sharpened performance, classleading
safety technology and a level of craftsmanship rarely found in this segment.
THE NEW DIMENSION OF ES DESIGN
Built on the all-new Global Architecture – K (GA-K) platform, the new ES pushes the limits of design in the
midsize luxury sedan class. This ES is longer (+2.6 in), lower (-.2 in) and wider (+1.8 in.) than before with wheels
that have been pushed closer to the corners thanks to a two-inch longer wheelbase and wider tracks front (+.4
in) and rear (+1.5 in). It's stance and proportions reflect its newfound performance capabilities and give the ES
the kind of eye-catching appearance that will make owners take a second look as they walk away.
Project Chief Designer, Yasuo Kajino, describes the look of the ES as “provocative elegance”. Kajino says:
“The ES has always been an elegant luxury sedan. For this generation, we have added daring design elements
that challenge the traditional expectations of buyers.”
To create a dynamic yet fluid shape, Kaijino's team used the low hood enabled by the new ES platform to produce
a distinctive silhouette emphasized by an aggressive downward slant. Up front, the face of the ES is dramatically
different depending on the model. The standard ES 350 uses elegant vertical bars that radiate out from the
center.
In a break with ES models of the past, the seventh-generation design uses a fast roofline that emphasizes its lower
stance and slippery aerodynamics. The rear end is clean and sharply chiseled, with LED taillamps that wrap
around the quarter panels to provide a continuous styling line from any angle. 18-inch wheels will be available for
the ES 350.
A dozen colors make up the exterior paint palette including two new shades, one green and one beige that are
anything but typical. Ice Ecru Mica Metallic was designed to mimic light reflecting off fresh snow, while Sunlight
Green replicates the color of ocean water brightened by the sun.
THE FUTURE OF LEXUS INTERIORS
When designing the look and feel of the ES's interior, Kajino's team started with the Lexus Future Interior concept
which blends a driver-centric cockpit with a spacious and comfortable area for the front passenger. In the ES, the
driver's focus is kept on the road ahead by placing the center display screen, instrument panel and heads up
display in a tight cluster in the driver's field of view. Additionally, adjustments were made to components such as
the steering wheel angle and position and brake pedal angle and location to provide the driver with a natural
driving position.
Front passengers, on the other hand, get a more open and spacious environment that promotes relaxation.
Rear seat passenger comfort has long been a hallmark of the ES and the seventh-generation model still prioritizes
rear package capability despite the sleeker exterior roofline. A lower hip point and a carefully configured
headliner preserve headroom while the longer wheelbase delivers uncharacteristically generous legroom.
In addition to the array of eye-catching paint colors available on the ES, there's a new interior color combination
that reflects the “provocative elegance” theme. Along with Black, Chateau and Topaz Brown, the ES will offer a
new Rich Cream interior that blends cream upholstery with a brown headliner to give the cabin a modern, yet
warm look and feel.
A NEW ERA OF PERFORMANCE
The engineering team led by Yasuhiro Sakakibara had one clear goal when it came to the ES: Transform the
image of the ES. That meant turning a sedan known primarily for comfort and quietness into one that is equally
capable of delivering class-leading handling and power that you can feel and hear.
According to Yasuhiro Sakakibara, Chief Engineer, this ES was built to deliver a fundamentally higher level of
performance than any of its predecessors. “We knew that this ES had to feel responsive and easy to drive, no
matter what kind of road it was on and that can only be achieved with a solid foundation.”
The starting point was the newly developed Global Architecture-K chassis. It is an exceptionally rigid front-wheel
drive chassis, rivaling the Global Architecture-L rear-wheel drive platform used for the LC coupe and LS sedan
in terms of torsional stiffness. Various grades of high-tensile steel reduce weight versus previous platforms while
additional enhancements like an all-new double wishbone suspension design, rack-mounted electric power
steering and a V-brace mounted behind the rear seat gave the engineers the flexibility to tune the ES with a
newfound level of precision. Providing a good base to expand and enhance from, the platform allowed us to
realize low and wide proportions, resulting in a lower center of gravity and better than ever aerodynamics.
For the ES's chassis engineering team, the goal was clear: To create a sense of comforting predictability coupled
with a feeling of quick response to every movement. Yoshiaki Ito, ES chief test driver describes the ES's
heightened level and refined definition of comfort by saying: “We want every kind of driver to feel a sense of
complete control when they are behind the wheel of the ES. It's a level of comfort that goes beyond merely
delivering a smooth ride.”
STANDARD V6 POWER AND A NEW 8-SPEED DIRECT-SHIFT AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION
All ES 350s are powered by a 3.5-liter V6 that is designed to deliver commanding acceleration along with an
invigorating sound. With an update to D4-S fuel injection, the impressively smooth engine now develops 300
horsepower and 262 pound-feet of torque. Both of those numbers are up significantly (+28 hp, +14 lb-ft)
compared to the previous generation V6.
In addition to the boost in power, the ES350 also benefits from a new eight-speed Direct Shift automatic
transmission. This uses an ultra-thin torque converter and a multi-plate lock up clutch to more efficiently transfer
power to the front wheels, and has been tuned to deliver crisp, precisely timed shifts with quick pedal responses.
With a wider spread of ratios, the new eight speed is able to utilize high torque gears on the low end for quick
starts and tall gearing on the high end for optimum efficiency.
THE NEXT CHAPTER OF ES
From the nimble, consistent responsiveness that delivers that distinctive Lexus driving performance, to real
stitching on areas such as the soft padding of the instrument panel, where each stitch is embedded into materials
for a 3-D effect, and the sound insulation and absorption measures that were undertaken to deliver an
outstanding level of quietness and sound control, the new Lexus ES is a reminder that nothing is crafted like a
Lexus.
When it goes on sale later this year, the 2019 Lexus ES will usher in a new era for one of the brand's most popular
models. Much like the flagship LS, the new ES sedan aims to engage a broader range of customers. It delivers
everything that traditional Lexus buyers expect along with elements that will draw in those who haven't
considered the brand before. Bolder styling, more dynamic performance, unique cabin materials and the latest
safety technology add a chapter to the ES story that will recast the traditional image of the ES into one that is new
and unexpected.
ABOUT LEXUS
Lexus launched in 1989 with a flagship sedan and a guest experience that helped define the premium automotive
industry. In 1998, Lexus introduced the luxury crossover category with the launch of the Lexus RX. The luxury
hybrid sales leader, Lexus delivered the world's first luxury hybrid and has since sold over 1 million hybrid
vehicles.*
A global luxury automotive brand with an unwavering commitment to bold, uncompromising design, exceptional
craftsmanship, and exhilarating performance, Lexus has developed its lineup to meet the needs of the next
generation of global luxury guests, and is currently available in over 90 countries worldwide.
Lexus associates/team members across the world are dedicated to crafting amazing experiences that are
uniquely Lexus, and that excite and change the world.
*(1,263,055 units as of December 2017)
###
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Two U.S. service members were killed and five injured during combat operations in northern Iraq on Sunday, the military said, adding that initial reports indicated the incident was not due to enemy contact.
In a statement the military said the incident was under investigation. The service members were part of a U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State in Iraq.
"The entire counter-ISIS Coalition sends our deepest condolences to these heroes' families, friends and teammates," said Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend, commander of the Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve.
"I hope there is some small solace in knowing their loss has meaning for our country and all the nations of the Coalition as the fallen service members were fighting to defeat a truly evil enemy and to protect our homelands."
Related Coverage Islamic State claims attack on U.S. forces west of Mosul
Dell has already confirmed it would be releasing a new 2-in-1 version of the XPS 13 this year and it should be officially unveiled at CES 2017 this week. Fortunately, we already know what it will look like thanks to a leaked image on Dell's Canadian website. The image confirms much of what we already expected, a similar design to the current XPS 13, but with a foldable screen so you can use it as a laptop, or as a big-screen tablet.
The 2017 XPS 13 retains the near bezel-free display of the current model, and is expected to have similar specs, including a dual-core Kaby Lake processor.
We're already big fans of the current model, praising it's standout display and powerful performance. Here's hoping the new 2-in-1 model can be even better.
Windows Central speaks of a refresh of the XPS 15 as well, which is said to come with 4GB RAM, quad-core Kaby Lake processor and biometric authentication, such as a fingerprint scanner. It's not clear if the 13-inch model will also get the extra level of security, but with CES 2017 just hours away, we don't have long to find out.
The man accused in the shooting death of a former Castle High School football standout faces multiple felony charges...
A jury has found Makuola Collins guilty of second-degree murder in the shooting death of former Castle High School all-star quarterback Joel Botelho.
Collins guilty of murder, gun charges in slaying of former star quarterback
Collins guilty of murder, gun charges in slaying of former star quarterback
Collins appeared in front of a jury who found them guilty in 2011.
The man who allegedly killed their childhood classmate and former teammate six years ago pleaded guilty in court Monday to a lesser charge of manslaughter.
As a part of a plea deal, Makuola Collins admitted to shooting Joel Botelho, a former all-star quarterback for the Castle High Knights.
In 2011, Collins allegedly shot Botelho in their parents' front yard after a run-in with Botelho's younger brother.
Botelho had just celebrated their 27th birthday a day before the shooting. They left behind three sons. The oldest at the time was 7-years-old.
In court Monday, Prosecutors said Colllins reconciled with the victim's family.
"It was a pretty emotional morning and what I saw was the families getting together and also I believe they were praying together and talking about it," Deputy Prosecutor Wayne Tashima said.
In 2015, Collins was convicted of murder, but the conviction was thrown out on appeal.
They also pleaded guilty to attempted manslaughter.
Collins now faces up to 20 years in prison. Sentencing is scheduled for September.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Jordan's King Abdullah (not pictured) in the Rose Garden after their meeting at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump is considering an executive order to launch a trade investigation that could lead to supplemental duties in certain product categories, a Trump administration official told Reuters.
Trump has made reducing U.S. trade deficits a key focus of their economic agenda to try to grow American manufacturing jobs. They have taken particular aim at renegotiating trade relationships with China and Mexico.
The new order, if issued, would seek to determine whether U.S. trade deficits for those product lines are the result of dumping of imported products below cost and unfair subsidies by foreign governments, the official said late on Sunday in Washington.
That could eventually lead to additional import duties, but any decisions on such punishments would depend on the probe's findings, not "pre-determined conclusions," said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the order was still being considered. The official did not specify which product lines could be investigated.
"The administration would use the results of that investigation to determine the best path forward, which could include everything from no action at all to the levying of supplemental duties," the official said.
The Axios news website earlier quoted an official saying such an executive order would likely target steel and aluminum, two industries that are battling for more protection from Chinese imports. Axios said it also may target household appliances, where South Korean manufacturers with Chinese factories have gained market share.
The Trump administration official did not provide any details to Reuters on timing of the executive order, which would be separate from a March 31 Trump order authorizing a 90-day Commerce Department study of trade abuses and their effect on U.S. trade deficits.
TRUMP-XI 100-DAY PLAN
News of the additional order comes two days after Trump's first meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Florida, where the two leaders agreed to launch a 100-day plan for trade talks aimed at boosting U.S. exports to China and reducing the U.S. trade deficit with China.
Trump during their election campaign had threatened punitive tariffs on Chinese imports and to declare China a currency manipulator. They have not followed through on either threat thus far.
The U.S. steel industry has already won extensive anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on imports from China and other countries and the aluminum industry is seeking similar protections. U.S. appliance maker Whirlpool Corp. has also won anti-dumping duties against Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics brand clothes washers made in China.
But U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Trump's nominee to be the top U.S. trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have said they would work to find new trade remedies to stop unfairly traded imports.
Among options they are expected to explore are trade actions under Section 301 of the Tariff Act of 1930, a provision used extensively in the 1980s to raise tariffs and import quotas on certain Japanese products including steel and motorcycles.
Section 301 has largely gone unused since the World Trade Organization was launched in 1995.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Randy Fabi)
TOKYO (Sputnik) - Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) on Saturday carried out a successful launch of the world's smallest carrier rocket SS-520-5, according to live broadcast by JAXA.
The liftoff took place from the Uchinoura Space Center at 02:03 p.m. local time (05:03 GMT).
The rocket is set to place into orbit a TRICOM-1R satellite for geological surveillance and communications with a mass of just three kilograms (6.6 pounds) developed at the University of Tokyo. The satellite would be used, in particular, for photographing the Earth's surface.
​The SS-520-5 is a three-stage rocket that is a modification of the SS-520 two-stage sounding rocket. The rocket is over 9.5 meters (29.5 feet long), with a diameter of 52 centimeters (1.71 feet) and a total mass of about 2,6 tonnes.
​The predecessor of this rocket, SS-520-4 was unsuccessfully launched on January 15, 2017. The transmission of the telemetry data stopped 20 seconds after liftoff and the decision was taken not to send a signal to the second stage of the rocket to turn on the engine. After disabling the first-stage engine, the rocket fell into the ocean.
LAWRENCE — A crew from the Kansas Geological Survey, based at the University of Kansas, will measure groundwater levels in 568 wells in early January to monitor the health and sustainability of the High Plains aquifer — the primary source of irrigation, municipal and industrial water for much of western and central Kansas, according to a media release.
The annual program is conducted in coordination with the Kansas Department of Agriculture's Division of Water Resources (DWR), which is in the process of measuring an additional 825 wells. Groundwater levels are measured in December, January and February to avoid short-term declines caused by pumping during the growing season.
The KGS crew will be near Colby and Atwood on Jan. 3, Goodland and St. Francis on Jan. 4, Tribune, Syracuse and Ulysses on Jan. 5, Elkhart and Liberal on Jan. 6, and Meade and Dodge City on Jan. 7, weather permitting.
Of the 1,393 wells to be measured in 48 counties by the KGS and DWR, 90 percent draw water from the High Plains aquifer, a massive network of underground water-bearing rocks that underlies parts of eight states and includes the extensive Ogallala aquifer. The rest of the wells are drilled into the Dakota aquifer and other deeper systems or shallow alluvial aquifers along creeks and rivers.
Most of the wells the KGS measures tap water from the Ogallala aquifer, which underlies much of western Kansas and makes up the bulk of the High Plains aquifer. On the whole, the wells have been monitored for years, some since the 1960s.
“Nine will be measured for the first time this year, with permission from the landowners, to fill in spatial gaps in the network of wells,” said Brett Wedel, manager of the KGS water-level-data acquisition.
Besides the Ogallala aquifer, the High Plains aquifer encompasses the Great Bend Prairie aquifer in west-central Kansas and the Equus Beds aquifer north and west of Wichita. DWR field offices will measure 825 wells in those central Kansas areas and other parts of High Plains aquifer in western Kansas. The Stockton field office will measure 222, the Garden City field office will measure 242, and the Stafford field office will measure 361.
“Given the above normal precipitation across much of western and south-central Kansas last year, I'm anticipating improved water-level changes relative to what we experienced three to five years ago, especially in southwest and south-central Kansas.” said Brownie Wilson, KGS water-data manager. “That may not hold true in Northwest Kansas, but we will see.”
Any cumulative slowdown of groundwater-level declines, however, would not be due to the excess precipitation seeping down and recharging the High Plains aquifer but to a significant reduction in pumping for irrigation, Wilson said.
Most wells monitored by KGS and DWR are within the boundaries of the state's five groundwater management districts (GMDs), which are organized and governed by area landowners and large-scale water users to address water-resource issues.
Historical annual measurements for each well are available at the KGS's website. Results of measurements made in January 2017 will be added in late February.
You know all those old, near-empty prescription bottles that you absolutely want to get out of the way but haven't in forever?
Nobody's judging. We understand: You've just been smart enough not to thrown them away with your regular garbage and, well, you won't have that excuse Saturday, April 28.
In Michigan, you can dispose of unused medication on the 28th at any of the Michigan State Police's 30 posts from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. All collected pills will be destroyed. No liquids, inhalers, patch, or syringes will be accepted.
“With opioid and prescription drug abuse, accidental poisonings and overdoses becoming all too common, I strongly urge Michiganders to use this opportunity to check what is in your medicine cabinet and then properly dispose of any medications you no longer need,” said Col. Kriste Kibbey Etue, director of the MSP.
National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day is held twice a year, in April and October. During the October 2017 effort, MSP posts collected roughly 802 pounds of prescription drugs.
Click here to continue.
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: Hoisin is a tangy sauce often used in Asian dishes. It has a barbecue-like flavor. Steam the bok choy while the tofu bakes, and dinner can be ready in less than 30 minutes.
Number of servings Serves 4
Ingredients
1 pound firm tofu, drained 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce 2 tablespoons rice vinegar 1 tablespoon firmly packed brown sugar 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1/2 teaspoon chili garlic sauce 1 clove garlic, minced 4 heads baby bok choy, halved 1 teaspoon sesame oil
Directions
Heat the oven to 450 F. Cut the tofu lengthwise into 4 slices. Cut each slice into 2 triangles. Place the tofu triangles on a plate and cover with plastic wrap. Top with a second plate and a heavy weight and let stand for 10 minutes.
In a small bowl, whisk together the hoisin sauce, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce, mustard, chili garlic sauce and garlic. Spread 1/3 of the mixture in an oblong baking dish. Drain the tofu, arrange the triangles in the dish, and top with the remaining hoisin mixture. Bake until heated through, 10 to 15 minutes.
While the tofu is baking, bring 1 inch water to a boil in a large pot fitted with a steamer basket. Add the bok choy, cover and steam until tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Sprinkle with the sesame oil. Serve 2 bok choy halves and 2 tofu triangles on each individual plate.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :2 tofu triangles and 2 baby bok choy halves Total carbohydrate 14 g
14 g Dietary fiber 2 g
2 g Sodium 456 mg
456 mg Saturated fat Trace
Trace Total fat 5 g
5 g Cholesterol Trace Protein 11 g
11 g Monounsaturated fat 1 g
1 g Calories 145
145 Trans fat 0 g
0 g Total sugars 9 g
9 g Added sugars 3 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Nuts, seeds and dry beans 1
1 Vegetables 1 Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Protein and dairy 1
1 Vegetables 1 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Meat and meat substitutes 1
1 Nonstarchy vegetables 1
1 Starches 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
Konawaena High School standout basketball player Cherilyn Molina was named the 2017-18 Gatorade Hawaii Girls Basketball Player of the Year.
Molina is the third Gatorade Hawaii Girls Basketball Player of the Year to be chosen from Konawaena High School and is now a finalist for the Gatorade National Girls Basketball Player of the Year award announced later this month. This is the second year in a row Molina has earned the award.
The 5-foot-6 senior guard led the Wildcats to a 26-2 record and their fourth consecutive Division I championship this past season averaging 16.1 points, 6.0 rebounds, 4.0 assists, 3.5 steals and one block per game.
They also earned the Big Island Interscholastic Federation Division I Player of the Year award for the second year in a row. Molina is rated as the nation's No. 28 point guard in the Class of 2018 by espnW.
In addition to their on-court accolades, Molina has volunteers locally as a youth basketball coach and has donates their time visiting elementary schools to help students with their reading and various academic projects.
Molina has maintained a weighted 3.57 GPA in the classroom and signed a National Letter of Intent to play basketball at Washington State University this fall.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Share. The brilliant near-future sci-fi series returns to Netflix soon. The brilliant near-future sci-fi series returns to Netflix soon.
IGN was in attendance at the fifth annual PaleyFest New York on Deisy for a screening of a full episode from Season 4 of Netflix's Black Mirror.
While reviews of the episode were strictly forbidden along with any kind of spoilers, I can say that, if this one episode is any indication, Black Mirror's streak of solid seasons is unlikely to be broken anytime soon.
Titled "USS Callister," the episode -- which panel moderator David Itzkoff laughingly referred to as “Black Mirror's idea of a Christmas episode” -- had by far the highest production values of anything the series has shown so far. The CG effects are top notch and parts of it were shot on location in the deserts of the Canary Islands, which could not have been cheap.
I can't talk about what exactly I saw but, as photos already online reveal (see above), clearly the episode takes a number of cues from Star Trek. I can also say that, while possibly not the deepest or most insightful episode in the show's impressive run, it's probably the funniest one I've seen. The audience was laughing so hard at points I missed entire lines of dialogue, if that gives you any idea.
Hasbro Star Wars Black Figures at NYCC 2017 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 17 DJ 01 17 DJ Hasbro Star Wars Black Figures at NYCC 2017 IGN Download Image Captions ESC
The cast featured Jesse Plemons (Fargo, Breaking Bad), Jimmi Simpson (Westworld, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia), Cristin Milioti (The Mindy Project, Fargo), and Michaela Coel (who previously played a brief but memorable role in the Black Mirror episode Nosedive), all of whom are fantastic.
A group of actors this talented combined with jawdropping special effects more than compensated for any moments when the story seemed to drag. Which is not to say the script, again written by Brooker, isn't up to Black Mirror's lofty standards. It is and there aren't really problem areas. But -- and this is more a testament to just how good Black Mirror consistently is -- compared to some other episodes, this one's plot's trajectory locks in a little on the early side, leaving the third act more predictable than spoiled fans of the series like me might be accustomed to.
Which is not to say the show doesn't have any surprises. In fact, it's a great example of one of Black Mirror's chief delights: its ability to get the audience to fall for a head fake in one direction, only to make a sharp turn into unexpected territory. USS Callister is no different, leading the audience along what feels like a familiar path (especially to fans of a certain Star Trek: The Next Generation episode), only to draw back the curtain on a much darker and more layered journey.
After the screening the cast, Executive Producer Annabel Jones and series creator/writer/Executive Producer Charlie Brooker participated in a panel discussion about the show. Most of the talk centered on the episode itself and therefore must remain under wraps for now. (Though, what the heck, I will reveal that some of the cast reported not being able to go to the bathroom due to their tight-fitting costumes. You heard it here first, folks!)
Brooker said their inspiration for the series came from growing up watching similarly anthologized series like Tales of the Unexpected and Hammer House of Horror. They said they asked themselves what Rod Serling would be writing about today and decided the answer was technology. They didn't agree with those who say the show is anti-technology, however. They just said, “I kind of wish technology was created by people who worried more.” When asked if the show has reduced their trust of technology they laughed, “Well I've always been paranoid and a mess so nothing's changed.”
At one point the show's Emmy-winning episode from last season, "San Junipero", came up. Brooker said it was the first episode they wrote after Netflix acquired the property and they wrote it as a counterweight to the generally dark tone of most of the previous episodes. They also said definitively that, while some elements from previous seasons would be revisited or reused in Season 4, there would be no "San Junipero" sequel because they wanted to keep the episode's happy ending intact. They added, “And f**k anyone who says it's not a happy ending!”
Hasbro Star Wars Black Figures at NYCC 2017 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 17 DJ 01 17 DJ Hasbro Star Wars Black Figures at NYCC 2017 IGN Download Image Captions ESC
No news yet on a release date for Black Mirror: Season 4. In the meantime, you can check out what we thought of Season 3 right here, and stay tuned for all of IGN's coverage coming out of New York Comic Con.
Would you like to know more? Follow @FireballMcPhan on Twitter. Service guarantees citizenship.
Despite the recent rain in the Cariboo, the BC Wildfire Service is warning the public to remain vigilant. The video above was capture at the Bishop Bluffs fire
“Extreme fire behaviour such as this is a force of nature and suppression efforts are ineffective.,” a BC Wildfire Service Facebook post read. “The focus of the [BC Wildfire Service] shifts to ensuring responder and public safety and protecting values.”
The organization urged B.C. residents to respect evacuation orders and alerts in what has shaped up to be the province's second-worst wildfire season in recorded history.
Athens, Ga. - When Hurricane Katrina struck Louisiana in 2005, cities inland saw an influx of evacuees escaping the storm and its aftermath. Now, a new University of Georgia study predicts that this could happen again as a result of sea-level rise.
In a paper published today in Nature Climate Change, researchers estimate that approximately 13.1 million people could be displaced by rising ocean waters, with Atlanta, Houston and Phoenix as top destinations for those forced to relocate.
The study is the first attempt to model the destination of millions of potentially displaced migrants from heavily populated coastal communities.
"We typically think about sea level rise as a coastal issue, but if people are forced to move because their houses become inundated, the migration could affect many landlocked communities as well," said the study's lead author, Mathew Hauer, who completed their doctoral degree in the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences department of geography.
While sea-level rise assessments are numerous and may help plan for the development of critical infrastructure, few research studies have grappled with where displaced people and families will go. No previous studies model how migration caused by sea-level rise will affect population other than in the directly affected coastal areas.
Relationships between environmental stressors and migration are highly complex, as responses range from short-term, temporary migration to permanent, long-distance migration. Sea-level rise is a unique environmental stressor because it permanently converts habitable land to uninhabitable water.
The new study combines estimates of populations at risk from sea-level rise within a migrations systems simulation to estimate both the number and destinations of potential sea-level rise migrations in the U.S. over the coming century.
"Some of the anticipated landlocked destinations, such as Las Vegas, Atlanta and Riverside, California, already struggle with water management or growth management challenges," Hauer said. "Incorporating accommodation strategies in strategic long-range planning could help alleviate the potential future intensification of these challenges."
###
11/9/2017 - Janet Jackson attends the OUT100 Celebration Gala at the Altman Building in New York. (Photo by PA Images/Sipa USA) *** US Rights Only ***
The 2004 Superbowl – I couldn't tell you who played…but I could tell you what I saw…waaay more of Janet Jackson than I expected! (YouTube it – but not at work! LOL)
Sure we got the term “wardrobe malfunction” out of it, but with Justin Timberlake performing at halftime this year, lots have speculated that Janet will join them (like they joined them the year they headlined) to “make-up” for the ultra titillating performance.
Well if you put money on it, see if you can take it back!
Janet JUST took to Twitter to clear up the rumors:
Well there you have it.
I mean I LOVE Janet – but how could they really “make-up” for it you know? Them performance was amazing! It was just those last seconds. They apologized and that should've ended it.
Now with that being said, I still have my fingers crossed for an NSYNC reunion!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
About 300 jobs will be created by John Lewis when it opens its new store in Cheltenham this autumn.
Ahead of the October 18 opening of the new department store, John Lewis says people can apply for the jobs from Monday June 4.
The retailer is looking for partners to fill various roles, both full and part-time, within the shop. They include selling and service assistants, customer support partners, catering assistants and operations assistants.
As part of John Lewis' unique partnership structure, successful applicants will become partners and co-owners of the business. They will receive a host of benefits including an annual bonus, access to holiday and leisure facilities, and opportunities to build skills outside of work.
The organisation says its partnership offers some of the best opportunities for people to get into work, and provides partners with the opportunity to develop their skills throughout their career.
Martin Bundy, branch manager for John Lewis Cheltenham, said: “Our partnership model is right at the heart of our business and partners have a say in how it's run. I look forward to meeting the new partners who will work as part of the team here, delivering outstanding service to our customers.
“Having joined the partnership over 18 years ago as a sales assistant, I have experienced first hand the investment the business makes in its partners. I am confident the partners who join us in Cheltenham will also have fulfilling careers with John Lewis.”
Bosses say the recruitment drive demonstrates John Lewis' long-term commitment to Cheltenham. The 115,000sq ft shop represents a £23million investment in Cheltenham by the retailer, and will open in High Street on the former Beechwood Shopping Centre site.
To apply for any of the jobs, click here.
Councillor Steve Jordan (LD, All Saints), leader of Cheltenham Borough Council, said: “The John Lewis store opening is positive for lots of reasons. One of them is the jobs that are being created. That will be very good for the local economy.
“The High Street situation, not just in Cheltenham but nationally, has been a bit tricky lately so it's good news.”
The news about the jobs was also welcomed by Kevan Blackadder, director of the Cheltenham Business Improvement District.
They said: “It's great that as well as being such a welcome addition to the town, John Lewis will be creating so many highly desirable jobs.
“With vacancies across a wide range of skill sets, I'm sure there will be a lot of interest. There is clearly still a future in retail as a long-lasting career opportunity.”
Meanwhile, work on improving the pavement in the High Street in an area including outside the new store started yesterday.
It forms part of a £725,000 scheme by Cheltenham Borough Council to improve the public realm of the street.
Contractors North Midland Construction will replace the street's concrete and tarmac infill with natural stone paving and new seating.
There will also be a performance space, raised beds and other street furniture, as well as large trees and shrubs.
The council first announced the plans in December, after the town's MP Alex Chalk claimed John Lewis was "appalled" by the High Street's condition.
The changes are expected to be brought in by October.
A study from The Auk: Ornithological Advances presents citizen science data which supports that American Crows and Northwestern Crows almost exclusively (97% of the time) instigate any aggressive interactions with Common Ravens no matter where in North America. The data showed that aggression by crows was most frequent during the breeding season, most likely due to nest predation by ravens. This study not only gives insight into interspecies dynamics, but also how citizen science data can aid behavioral studies at large geographic scales.
Cornell University's Ben Freeman and colleagues used more than 2,000 publicly collected and submitted observations from across North America via eBird to analyze the interspecific aggression between crows (American and Northwestern) and Common Ravens. From these records, it was determined that crows were the predominant aggressor. Crows primarily attacked in small groups rather than one-on-one confrontations with ravens. The breeding season was when most of the attack observations were made, suggesting that nest predation by ravens influences this behavior. Aggression during the winter is potentially explained by crows preemptively deterring nest predation and defending resources needed for nesting later in the year. This study was made possible by citizen scientists who were not even asked to submit such observations. Given this was passively collected data that aided in a behavioral study on a large geographic area, it could act as a model for other research and potential studies conducted.
Lead author Ben Freeman comments, "There are two take-home messages. First, we show that bigger birds do not always dominate smaller birds in aggressive interactions, and that social behavior may allow smaller birds to chase off larger birds. Second, this is a case example of the power of citizen science. It would be next to impossible for even the most dedicated researcher to gather this data across North America. But because there are thousands of people with expertise in bird identification and an interest in bird behavior, we can use data from eBird to study behavioral interactions on a continental scale."
"Given that aggression between crows and ravens can be quite conspicuous, birders and the general public are often the observers of such interactions," adds Kaeli Swift, who was not involved with the research, "yet despite the ease and frequency of witnessing these events, there was little scientific information for curious minds to turn to for explanation. It's quite rewarding then, that the citizen scientists that may have wished for this information are the very people whose observations made this publication possible.
###
Why do crows attack ravens? The role of predation threat, resource competition and social behavior will be available July 4, 2018, at http://www. bioone. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1650/ AUK-18-36. 1 Researcher contact: Ben Freeman, freeman@zoology.ubc.ca
About the journal: The Auk: Ornithological Advances is a peer-reviewed, international journal of ornithology published by the American Ornithological Society. The Auk commenced publication in 1884, and in 2009 was honored as one of the 100 most influential journals of biology and medicine over the past 100 years.
As if a heartbreaking loss to the New England Patriots and Tony Boselli missing the Hall of Fame once again wasn't a bad enough for fans of the Jacksonville Jaguars franchise, the Jags nation faced yet more disappointing news today. Calais Campbell, who was widely regarded as the league's best defensive player by most, wasn't able to bring home the Defensive Player of the Year title. Instead, the award went to Los Angeles Rams defensive tackle Aaron Donald.
Most would agree that Donald is a phenomenal player, but the argument could be made that Campbell had a much more productive season. While Donald was able to accumulate 41 tackles and 11 sacks on the season, Campbell was able to rack up 67 tackles and 14.5 sacks, which was good for second in the league. The most important variable of it all is that they did it from the interior and from the edge.
If that wasn't enough to make a case for him, the fact that they made the Associated Press' All-Pro roster as a first-teamer on the edge and as a second-teamer in the interior should. That said, it appears that Jags fans aren't the only ones upset as Steelers defensive lineman Cam Heyward felt the same way.
And then @Campbell93 doesn't win? What's the criteria? Seems like LA getting a lot love….. surprise, surprise — Cam Heyward (@CamHeyward) February 4, 2018
Whether the loss can be attributed to a lack of national exposure or simply because Donald plays for a bigger market, fans agree that Campbell and the Jags certainly deserve some more respect. Perhaps they'll get more recognition in 2018 as they made an example of their doubters numerous times this season.
© Photo: Pixabay Cyberattacks on Russia Tripled in 2016 With 70Mln Incidents Registered
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The United States, the United Kingdom and Germany became the top three source countries for DDoS attacks in October-December 2016, an Internet company dubbed Akamai said in report Wednesday, adding that the overall number of attacks in 2016 increased by 4 percent compared to previous year.
"The top three source countries for DDoS attacks were the U.S. (24%), the U.K. (10%), and Germany (7%). In the past year, China dominated the top 10 list of source countries. In Q4 2016, China dropped to the fourth position overall, with 6% of traffic," the State of the Internet / Security Report said.
Russia became the fifth country in the list, with 4.4 percent of attacks.
"The average number of DDoS attacks remained steady this quarter [October-December 2016] at 30 per target, indicating that after the first attack, an organization has a high likelihood of experiencing another," the report said.
The study notes that the number of IP addresses, used for DDoS attacks, significantly increased in the last quarter of 2016.
The report also provides data regarding attacks in January- September 2016, with China, the United States, Turkey and the United Kingdom being the top source countries for attacks.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
RED Bull Holden Racing Team has made the first big move of the Enduro Cup silly season, Kiwi Earl Bamber set to join Shane van Gisbergen in 2018.
The 27-year-old has an impressive international pedigree, winning two 24 Hours of Le Mans victories from just three starts, and two Bathurst 12 Hour class wins from three attempts.
Bamber visited the Gold Coast 600 this year with the aim of securing a co-drive, and is thrilled to finally get a chance to race in the Bathurst 1000.
“I am super excited to be joining Shane and the Red Bull Holden Racing Team in 2018,” Bamber said.
“It has been a goal of mine for many years to participate in the Bathurst 1000 and I'm happy to be joining one of the best teams and drivers in pit lane.
“Shane and the Red Bull Holden Racing Team are the benchmark in Supercars and I look forward to supporting Shane in their 2018 championship bid.”
LIVE stream the Formula E: Hong Kong E-Prix on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial & start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
Camera Icon Earl Bamber (L) and Brendon Hartley aon the Le Mans 24 Hours podium. Picture: Getty Images
Bamber replaces fellow Porsche factory driver Matt Campbell, whose 2018 commitment prevent them from taking part in the full Enduro Cup.
However, Campbell is available for the Bathurst 1000 and is looming as a potential driver for the team's planned wildcard entry of its new V6-engined Commodore.
“It's a shame Matty's calendar doesn't link up with our Supercars season but getting Earl on board is something I'm really confident in,” van Gisbergen said.
“I grew up racing against Earl so I not only know them as a friend but know them as a good driver too.”
Camera Icon Shane van Gisbergen. Picture: AAP
Red Bull also confirmed that Paul Dumbrell will again join 2017 Supercars champion Jamie Whincup for their seventh Enduro campaign together.
An Irish Aid agency working in Syria, is concerned a fresh escalation of the conflict could be on the cards.
It's after a Russian military pilot was reportedly killed after their fighter jet was shot down.
It happened in a rebel-held area near Idlib in the north of the country.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the pilot was alive when they landed - but was killed after resisting capture by militants.
GOAL's Regional Security Advisor for the Middle East, Derek O Rourke, says it's a worrying development:
Sulfonic acid is a class of organic acids widely used as a catalyst in organic syntheses, while its derivatives are employed in the manufacture of detergents, ion-exchange resins, catalysts, and water-soluble dyes. Cumene is a colorless, oily, and aromatic hydrocarbon obtained from benzene and propylene. Cumene sulfonic acid is a type of aromatic sulfonic acid acquired by treating aromatic compounds such as cumene with concentrated sulfuric acid and added oleum in a process called sulfonation. Cumene sulfonic acid is used in a wide range of applications including the esterification process, thermoset resins for paints & coatings, and phenolic foams. Furthermore, it is also used in various pharmaceutical applications. Salts of cumene sulfonic acid – especially sodium cumene sulfonate – are majorly employed in detergent and surfactant applications.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cumene-sulfonic-acid-market.html
Paints & coatings are a major application of cumene sulfonic acid, which is also used as the carrier of thermoset resins such as epoxy resins. These also often act as a binder in industrial coatings, offering excellent adhesion and high resistance to corrosion. They are majorly used for interior coatings and exterior primer applications. Furthermore, cumene sulfonic acid is also often utilized in esterification and phenolic foams.
The rising demand for cumene sulfonic acid is largely attributed to the developing paints & coatings and construction industries in various regions around the world. Additionally, the burgeoning surfactants sector is also expected to play a motivating role. The extensively used sodium cumene sulfonate (a salt of cumene sulfonic acid) is a type of anionic alkyl benzene sulfonate which is usually low-priced and composed of harsh surfactant compounds as compared to other surfactants, and therefore extensively used in industrial & institutional cleaners and detergents. This is further anticipated to augment the cumene sulfonic acid market during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20399
Based on geography, the global cumene sulfonic acid market has been distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. On account of the rapid developments in the construction industry in China, India, and Japan, the cumene sulfonic acid market in Asia Pacific is projected to expand and dominate the global market during the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Polyurethane Foam Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Polyurethane Foam Market is expected to cross USD 50 billion in 2016 with an approximate CAGR of more than 9.1%. The major reason behind this massive market is the increasing usage of polyurethane foam in day to day life to improve the comfortability. The global polyurethane foam market is majorly driven by the rapidly growing of its application industries such as Refrigerators and freezers, Furniture and bedding, Automotive, Coatings and adhesives and others applications. Additionally, the growing urbanization in emerging economies of Asia-Pacific, protecting environment by conversing energy, affordability are the other driving factors.
Global Polyurethane Form will take over the demand for rigid form owing to its huge demand from the application industries. Geographically, Asia-Pacific has witnessed to have a superior growth during the forecast period by cover around 45% of the total market share followed by North America and Europe.
Get Complete Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1697
Industry Application:
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of polyurethane foam market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of polyurethane foam market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2022 is well explained.
The ongoing market trends of polyurethane foam market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated. With increase in the trend, the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons. Top manufactures, price, revenue, market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side.
Complete Summary of this Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/polyurethane-foam-market-1697
Industry Key Players:
BASF,
Dow Chemical,
Evonik,
Bayer AG,
Trelleborg AG,
Ekisui Chemical,
Huntsman Corporation,
Armacell GmbH,
Future Foam,
Trelleborg AB.
Inquire before Buying@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/polyurethane-foam-market-1697
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
COWBOY HAT >>> HOODIE Gunman Tries To Rob Grocery Store In Mexico, Severely Underestimates The Old Guy With The Big Cowboy Hat
According to local news reports, the gunman was arrested and nobody was injured.
Speaking to reporters Monday afternoon, Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said that they regret their department's response to Saturday's protests in the Virginia town, which left three people dead.
Part of the blame, Thomas said, was on the alt-right protesters who did not follow an agreed upon arrangement on how its protesters would enter Emancipation Park. Instead, protesters from the alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups arrived from various directions, causing Thomas' department to readjust its plans.
Charlottesville Police officers were originally deployed in their standard uniform, but were forced to wear tactical gear as protests quickly escalated into violence.
"We were not intimidated by their power, but it was prudent to make sure the officers were equipped," Thomas said.
Alt-right protest organizer Jason Kessler blamed the police for allowing the violence to escalate.
"The blame for today's violence lies primarily with the Charlottesville government officials and the police officers who failed to maintain law and order, protect the First Amendment rights of rally participants, and provide for their safety," Kessler said in a statement on Sunday.
By the end of the day, one counterprotester and two police officers were killed. Heather D. Heyer, 32, died on Saturday when a car allegedly driven by 20-year-old Ohio resident James Alex Fields Jr. plowed into a group protesting against white supremacy.
Later in the day, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, and trooper Berke M.M. Bates, 40, of the Virginia State Police were killed in a helicopter accident while patrolling Saturday's protest.
Farrah Abraham and their daughter Sophia are living the high life!
The former Teen Mom OG star shared photos of their vacation in Dubai alongside their 9-year-old daughter, including one photo of Sophia enjoying a gold-flaked apple juice that was posted to the girl's Instagram account. The bottle of juice is reportedly worth $150 a bottle, according to Lovin Dubai.
“@burjalarab this should never end 🇦🇪,” the caption read.
The mother-daughter duo got to sip on the specialty drink at the top of the Burj Al Arab, one of the most luxurious hotels in the world, at the Skyview Bar just one day before Abraham's 28th birthday.
In a second post, a video shared to Sophia's Instagram account, Abraham is heard saying, “Some sparkling apple in a gold bottle for Miss. Sophia. They have some great sparkling juices here with real gold in it. Sophia, do you think it's gotten to be an obsession with your sparkling juice?”
The video was captioned with, “The best tea time ever! @skybardubai @burjalarab I'm about my bubbly juice with Gold flakes in it! 🇦🇪😇 #ilovemylife #dubai #teatime #ramadan#jbr #mydubai.”
The mother of one, 27, also shared a photo of themselves and their daughter smiling at the camera as they enjoyed lunch.
“The one the only @sophialabraham kiddo to have the best tea in all of Dubai the gold juice for kids will never be forgotten ! Cheers with the best champagne in the world 🇦🇪,” they wrote in the caption.
Abraham and their daughter continued with their decedent dining experience, heading to Dubai's tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, for Iftar – the meal after sunset that breaks the all-day fast during Ramadan – at the building's Atmosphere restaurant.
The former MTV star recently enjoyed a vacation in Fiji earlier this month, where they and their daughters stumbled across the set of Survivor.
Abraham's birthday celebrations comes about two months after they settled a lawsuit with Viacom, the parent company of MTV, in March after they sued them for $5 million.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The former Teen Mom OG star claimed they were fired because of their decision to work in the adult entertainment industry.
Abraham's lawyer filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of the suit, according to Texas court documents obtained by The Blast.
RELATED VIDEO: Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham Celebrates Them Settlement Against MTV with a Pair of $1090 Sneakers
In the documents, Abraham confirmed that the parties “amicably settled” the matter, though no terms of the settlement were released. The dismissal was filed with prejudice, which means the case cannot be brought back to court.
“I'm happy Viacom wanted to settle and I'm thrilled with the outcome,” Abraham told PEOPLE. “I did the right thing by filing a lawsuit. I honestly felt that if I didn't stand firm I would have regretted it my entire life and I would have thought my entire life ‘I should have sued!'”
“Reality TV is a place where I've been very successful and have made history multiple times for social change, justice, and showing where society needs to be challenged and changed,” they continued. “My recent work with MTV ended on the highest note, and it's a confirmation to me that I've been able to impact production and the network for the better, and I hope that they continue with their willingness to listen to creators, developers, and leaders to improve the exhausted forms of shows and adapt to the next levels.”
The Washburn Ichabods won for the first time in Hays since the 2015-16 season handing the Tigers only their second loss at home in a 76-60 win over Fort Hays State to improve to 17-5 overall and 11-2 in the MIAA at Gross Memorial Coliseum on Saturday. Washburn returns to action on Wednesday with its second-to-last home game of the season when the Ichabods will play host to Missouri Western in Lee Arena.
The Ichabods broke a 9-9 tie with 13:06 to play in the first half by using a 11-2 run over a 3:30 stretch building a 20-11 lead as Tyas Martin scored six points during the spurt. The Tigers came back with two more points before nine straight points from the Ichabods pushed the lead to 16 at 29-13 with 5:39 to go in the first half.
However the Tigers came back with a 10-0 run cutting the lead back to six before Washburn pushed the lead back to eight before a 3-pointer by the Tigers trimmed the halftime margin back to five at 36-31.
Washburn scored the first seven points of the second half going up 12, but the Tigers scored the next four points cutting the lead to 45-37 with 16:14 remaining, but would get no closer than 10 the rest of the way stretching the lead to as many as 19 in the second half en route to the win sweeping the regular season series.
Tyas Martin scored a career-high 18 points leading the Ichabods to the win hitting a career-high four 3-pointers as well not missing from deep. Javion Blake scored 16 points adding six assists and five rebounds while Brady Skeens recorded a double double with 11 points, 11 rebounds and three blocks. David Salach scored 11 of their 13 points in the first half in the win.
Washburn finished the game 22 of 47 from the field and hit 23 of 28 free throws compared to 9 of 12 for the Tiges. Washburn hit 9 of 20 3-pointers and forced 12 turnovers. The Ichabods held a 34-27 advantage on the glass as well.
Churchill, Poarch Creek Indians are March lecture series topics
The University of South Alabama Gulf Coast Campus Distinguished Lecture Series concludes for the winter season with two lectures in March at the Gulf Coast Campus Cultural Center Auditorium in Gulf Shores. All lectures start at 6:30 p.m. and are free. To register for any and all lectures call 251-460-7200, email aplatt@southalabama.edu or visit usacontinuinged.com.
The March 9 lectures is titled Churchill and the Many Books about Their Life and will be presented by Dr. Ellwood “Woody” Hannum. Dr. Philip Carr & Dr. Karla Martin will present a program about the Poarch Creek Indians on March 22.
The USA Gulf Shores Campus is located at 19470 Oak Rd W. (County Rd. 6 West) in Gulf Shores, about a half-mile east of the Gulf Shores Sports Complex.
Nigeria's national news agency, NAN, published an interview on Monday with a 15-year-old boy whom the government-run agency says admits to building 500 bombs for the Islamic State affiliate Boko Haram since their abduction at age ten.
Ali Goni is one of thousands of Nigerian children abducted at a young age by Boko Haram. If their claims are true, they are one of an innumerable mass of Nigerian children whom Boko Haram has used as child soldiers, cooks, engineers, and suicide bombers. For much of 2017, Boko Haram appeared to particularly covet the abduction of young girls to use as suicide bombers, as they aroused the least suspicion in public areas that the group likes to target.
According to NAN, military authorities identified Goni as “the most deadly Boko Haram member, who had mastered various techniques that can cause the maximum destruction of lives.” Goni says they specialized in building underwear Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) during their time with the terrorist group, and built more than 500 of them.
In the interview, Goni says they were originally from Bama state and was kidnapped and smuggled into the Sambisa forest in northeastern Borno state, the last remaining Boko Haram stronghold in the nation.
“We underwent various training in the camp. During the course of our induction training, I was selected to be trained on bomb-making technique, bomb detection as well as identifying and demobilizing explosives,” Goni reportedly told NAN. “I refused initially, but they said they would kill my mother just like the way they killed my father when they stormed Bama. So I eventually agreed. During the training, many of my colleagues died while trying to make bombs. At the end I emerged the best of all.”
Goni says they survived due to their skill in building bombs and not accidentally detonating them, the cause of death for all those their age whom they knew in captivity.
Police arrested Goni and have placed them in a Boko Haram refugee rehabilitation camp in Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state.
Like Boni, the Nigerian military is working to “de-radicalize” hundreds of Boko Haram terrorists and their victims in rehabilitation camps, many abducted as children and forced to study the Quran and absorb Islamic State propaganda. This week, the Nigerian government announced that 260 people interned at a de-radicalization camp had completed their programs and will soon be fully reintegrated into society.
Boko Haram, whose name roughly translates to “Western education is sin,” initially attracted global attention in 2014 with a string of mass abductions of girls and young women at local Borno schools, in particular, the 276 abductions in Chibok, Borno. By April 2018, the four-year anniversary of the Chibok kidnappings, a UNICEF report found that Boko Haram had kidnapped more than 1,000 children in the past five years.
2017 was an especially deadly year for children abducted by Boko Haram, as the group shifted its focus from village raids to the use of child suicide bombers. Boko Haram used at least 135 children as suicide bombers in 2017, including attacks outside Nigeria in neighboring Cameroon. Some of the suicide bombers used were as young as seven years old.
The jihadist threat facing Nigeria has expanded significantly beyond Boko Haram, as well, including the gruesome attacks by Muslim Fulani herdsmen against Christian farmers, whose land they wish to take to use for their cattle. In June, the global insurer Lloyd's published a report warning that Nigeria “could lose $437 million, about N157.32 billion, of its Gross Domestic Product, GDP, annually to terrorism, to rank third in the world on forecast GDP loss.”
Violence committed by the Fulani herdsman appears to have reached new heights at the end of June, when the Muslim attacks raided several towns in Plateau state, hacking Christians to death or burning them alive to take their land. An excess of 200 people reportedly lost their lives in the Plateau attacks, leaving the few surviving villagers to take care of the bodies and attempt to rebuild the villages.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
(Adds quote, context)
ACCRA, April 13 Ghana's economy growth is due to pick up in 2017 and inflation is coming down, but the government's revenue projections for the year are "optimistic", International Monetary Fund mission chief Annalisa Fedelino said on Thursday.
Ghana is following a three-year IMF programme worth around $918 million that aims to stabilise government finances and restore rapid economic growth, which could enable the country to regain its position as one of Africa's most dynamic economies.
Finance Minister Ken Ofori-Atta, whose party took office in January, announced in March that the government would step up revenue collection by 33 percent as part of a plan to reduce the budget deficit to 6.5 percent of GDP in 2017.
"In the mission's view revenue projections are optimistic," Fedelino said, adding that other economists had also expressed this view and that it was a preliminary assessment.
Ofori-Atta said that Ghana is committed to ending its programme with the IMF as scheduled in April 2018, rebuffing reports that the government would ask for an extension of the programme.
Ofori-Atta is charged with restoring macro-economic stability to enable the government to create jobs through the private sector and promote development in a country whose main exports are oil, gold and cocoa. (Writing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg; Editing by Nellie Peyton/Jeremy Gaunt)
FLORIDA (CBS Local) – A woman in Florida has gone viral for all the wrong reasons after getting caught shaving their legs in a hotel pool.
In a video posted to Reddit, the swimmer was outed by fellow pool-goers who can be heard commenting on the public shaving. The May 27 post was quickly up-voted by over 55,000 Reddit users.
Several people commenting on Reddit claimed this personal hygiene foul is just the tip of the iceberg at public pools across the country. “Yeah I used to work at a public pool and for whatever reason they attract the worst of humanity. I would never swim in a public pool after that experience,” one person alleged.
“My leg hurts from running too much and I was considering becoming a swimmer at my local YMCA,” another reader added. “After reading this comment. Nope. I'd rather run on my sprained knee.”
Although the Internet's “court of public opinion” is largely in agreement that the unidentified swimmer committed a serious pool no-no, Florida doesn't actually have rules against shaving in a public swimming area.
The Toronto Transit Commission is having problems with fare gates that work with Presto cards. It's not great news for OC Transpo, since the transit agency in Ottawa uses a similar fare gate made by the same manufacturer.
The Toronto Star reported last week that the TTC paused the installation of fare gates while it works out problems with the hardware and software. There seems to be a high failure rate of the motors in the gates, which is obviously a problem if customers are tapping their Presto cards but the gates don't open.
In Ottawa, Transpo hasn't seen any problems with the fare gates installed at four Trillium Line stations.
Fare gates & ticket machines will be activated for customer testing, starting Nov. 1 at Carling Station: https://t.co/3j09pcw5Gc #octranspo pic.twitter.com/gQKkY3wOpy — OC Transpo (@OC_Transpo) October 30, 2017
“OC Transpo is aware of the issue with fare gates in Toronto and is in contact with the supplier, Scheidt & Bachmann,” said Pat Scrimgeour, Transpo's director of transit systems and planning. “We are monitoring the situation and are interested in the outcome of their investigation as we use a similar but not identical model.”
The last thing Transpo wants is to go through a Presto-related episode, especially in a year where the transit system is going through a major transformation with the start of LRT. Sure, there have been the occasional glitches with Presto, and transit riders have their personal Presto horror stories, but the card system is stable today.
Scheidt & Bachmann also has the contract to provide fare gates at the Confederation Line LRT stations. The devices will be the same ones installed at the Trillium Line stations.
Scrimgeour said Transpo doesn't anticipate the fare gate issue, as discovered in Toronto, will have any effect on opening the Confederation Line in November.
Transpo might actually be in a good spot if it finds something defective with the fare gates on the Trillium Line. Better to catch it now before rolling out the technology to the Confederation Line.
If customers notice problems with the fare gates, they can contact Transpo's customer relations team at 613-842-3600.
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
Chapel Hill, NC - HIV cure research to date has focused on clearing the virus from T cells, a type of white blood cell that is an essential part of the immune system. Yet investigators in the Division of Infectious Diseases at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine have found the virus persists in HIV-infected macrophages. Macrophages are large white blood cells found in tissues throughout the body including the liver, lung, bone marrow and brain. The discovery of this additional viral reservoir has significant implications for HIV cure research. These findings were published in Nature Medicine on Monday, April 17.
"These results are paradigm changing because they demonstrate that cells other than T cells can serve as a reservoir for HIV," said Jenna Honeycutt, Ph.D., lead-author and postdoctoral research associate in the UNC Division of Infectious Diseases. "The fact that HIV-infected macrophages can persist means that any possible therapeutic intervention to eradicate HIV might have to target two very different types of cells."
Last spring, this laboratory lead by J. Victor Garcia, Ph. D., professor of medicine, microbiology and immunology at UNC School of Medicine, demonstrated the ability of tissue macrophages to support HIV replication in vivo in the total absence of human T cells. But how macrophages would respond to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and whether macrophages represented a reservoir for HIV after treatment were unknown.
Macrophages are myeloid lineage cells that have been implicated in HIV pathogenesis and in the trafficking of virus into the brain. Using a humanized myeloid-only mouse (MoM) model devoid of T cells, Garcia and their team showed that ART strongly suppresses HIV replication in tissue macrophages. Yet when HIV treatment was interrupted, viral rebound was observed in one third of the animals. This is consistent with the establishment of persistent infection in tissue macrophages.
"This is the first report demonstrating that tissue macrophages can be infected and that they respond to antiretroviral therapy," Honeycutt said. "In addition, we show that productively infected macrophages can persist despite ART; and most importantly, that they can reinitiate and sustain infection upon therapy interruption even in the absence of T cells -- the major target of HIV infection."
Now that Garcia and their team know HIV persists in macrophages, the next step will be to determine what regulates HIV persistence in tissue macrophages, where in the body persistently infected macrophages reside during HIV treatment and how macrophages respond to possible therapeutic interventions aimed at eradicating HIV from the body.
###
The UNC School of Medicine team collaborated with scientists in UNC's Department of Biostatistics, the Theoretical Division at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System, and the Departments of Medicine and Pathology at the University of California at San Diego. This study was funded by the National Institute of Mental Health and the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of the U.S. National Institutes of Health.
April 27 Hamilton Thorne Ltd
* Hamilton Thorne reports record revenue growth for quarter and year-ended December 31, 2016
* For three months ended December 31, 2016, sales were up 38.9% from $2,626,748 to $3,648,854
* In Q4 of 2016, company net income increased 33.0% to $507,680 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
There are plenty of glorious Afternoon Teas available around Cheltenham, and Malmaisons is right up there with the best.
We headed to the hotel on Parabola Road to try out their Cocktail Afternoon Tea and it did not disappoint.
Situated in the glass conservatory, the peaceful setting only enhanced the experience.
To begin, we had the black forest gateaux cocktail – aka the cocktail of dreams.
In celebration of Afternoon Tea Week, which takes place this week, Malmaison unveiled the decadent Black Forest Martini, with Techienne Butterscotch, Cherry Heering Liqueur, Grenadine, grated chocolate and fresh cream.
The cherry and the chocolate complimented each other perfectly.
It tasted very similar to its cake-form, just less sickly and VERY drinkable.
Next up came the afternoon tea, and what a site.
It came spread across two layers, with the bottom half savoury.
There were chicken and avocado wraps, as well as smoked salmon and crème fraiche wraps. They were hot, tasty and made sure you didn't go hungry.
Perhaps one of the highlights was the mini burger, which was just the right size and had some salad inside for some added healthiness.
After the savoury came the sweet.
From tasty strawberry and vanilla pavlova to salted chocolate brownie, there was a lot to choose from.
And then came the scones, which were fresh, warm and soft. The clotted cream was the real deal, and it was all washed down with a cup of English breakfast and Earl Grey.
All in all, it was a fantastic experience and one we would highly recommend.
The food was delicious and the service was impeccable but the real star of the show was the cocktail.
Book your table by calling Malmaison at 03300160380
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bishop's Cleeve travelled down the M5 to Taunton in a top versus bottom of the table clash, writes Matt Jones.
From the off Cleeve were under siege as Taunton looked to take an early lead in front of a strong home support.
The opener came in the 18th minute when Cleeve failed to clear their lines from a corner and Matt Wright converted from close range via the crossbar.
The hosts continued to press looking to extend their lead and were awarded a penalty shortly before half time which Dan Sullivan calmly converted.
Any hopes Cleeve had of getting back into the match were dashed shortly after half-time when they conceded another penalty just two minutes into the half which Sullivan again converted.
There was a flashpoint just before the hour mark when it appeared Joe Bates was fouled off the ball.
Cleeve win the free-kick with the Taunton player avoiding a booking which incensed the Cleeve bench with Bishop's Cleeve assistant manager Matt Jeynes being sent to the stand.
Pierce Mitchell scored a great goal from wide into the top corner to complete a comprehensive win for an impressive Taunton side who find themselves well clear at the top of the table.
Other Southern League Division One West results:
Barnstaple Town 0 Evesham United 2 (Liddiard, Mann)
Bristol Manor Farm 3 (Simpson, Robbins, Stamp) Slimbridge 0
Cirencester Town 2 (Whitehead 2) Paulton Rovers 1 (Hedges)
Kidlington 4 (Janes 2, Williams, Martin) Cinderford Town 1 (Hunt)
Shortwood United 2 (L Meredith, R Meredith) North Leigh 1 (James)
Chef Kyle Baker from Hy-Vee joins the program to discuss fixing meals on a budget. Chef Kyle also brings in some examples of recipes that are budget friendly. Phil ends the show on a good note by sharing a story about a neighborhood that put together a parade for a cancer victim going through their last chemo treatment. Check below for Chef Kyle's ham and beans recipe.
Chef Kyle PT 1
Chef Kyle PT 2
Chef Kyle PT 3
Chef Kyle PT 4
On A Good Note
Ham and Beans with Cornbread
1 lb. Great Northern Beans
4 Ham Hocks
4 qt. Water
1 diced White Onion
2 cloves minced Garlic
1 Tablespoon Dried Thyme
Salt to taste
1 box Jiffy Corn Muffin Mix
1 small can of Green Chiles
1 small can of Creamed Corn
1 egg
Soak the beans overnight in 2 quarts of water in the refrigerator. Drain the beans and add them to a slow cooker with the ham hocks, 2 quarts of water, diced onion and minced garlic. Cook on Low for 8 hours or High for 4 hours, adding the dried thyme in the last hour of cooking. Remove the bones from the ham hocks being sure to get them all and chop the meat then add back to the slow cooker, season the ham and beans to your taste with salt. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees while mixing the muffin mix, green chiles, creamed corn and egg in a medium mixing bowl. Add the batter to a greased 8×8 cake pan and bake until a cake tester comes out clean. Once the cornbread cools serve the ham and beans over the cornbread.
The big band across the rainbow bridge just got a new pianist.
On March 16 the owner of the Keyboard Cat Bento, Charles Schmidt, announced the beloved Internet celebrity died on March 8 with a YouTube tribute to the feline that first became famous on the platform.
While not the original Keyboard Cat, according to Mashable, Bento was the OG kitty's chosen successor.
Both Bento and the original Keyboard Cat Fatso belong to artist Schmidt. Fatso, who died in 1987, Mashable reports, started the Keyboard Cat craze posthumously, after VHS footage taken by Schmidt of the feline pretending to play the piano ended up on Youtube in 2007.
The clip became a viral hit, with over 50 million views on YouTube, and inspired dozens of copycat videos, including one from Sex and the City alum Ron Livingston.
According to Consequence of Sound, Schmidt later adopted Bento, another orange tabby, and it was they who inherited the Keyboard Cat title and fame, even landing a commercial with Wonderful Pistachios in 2010.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Up until their March 8 death, Bento had been performing as Keyboard Cat, sharing videos of their new music and adorable hijinks on the Keyboard Cat YouTube page.
R.I.P. Bento, your sweet music and even sweeter face will be missed.
ROCHELLE PARK, N.J. -- Them phone buzzed with texts from drug buyers while Rochelle Park police processed a Newark driver who was carrying illegal prescription drugs and $4,555 in suspected proceeds when they were stopped, authorities said.
Alisha Gonzalez, 38, was brought to headquarters late Monday after an officer who stopped their 2003 Lexus for moving erratically on Rochelle Avenue found the drugs and cash, Detective Sgt. James DePreta said Tuesday.
"She was also believed to be under the influence of drugs," DePreta said.
During a consent search of their phone while they were in custody, drug-selling texts came in, the sergeant said.
Gonzalez, who was also wanted on out-of-county warrants, was charged with various drug and money laundering counts and sent to the Bergen County Jail.
A judge released their Tuesday afternoon, pending further court action, under New Jersey's bail reform law.
The cash was seized for forfeiture.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of television's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of their rebooted show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid, most knowing they wouldn't be, and few with any legal recourse.
“A lot of people there are just middle class Americans making a living and now they're out of work, especially at a time when we're ramping up into production for the fall season,” Rebecca Sun of the industry trade publication The Hollywood Reporter said in an interview with The Associated Press. “It is pretty devastating for all of the people who worked on that show who are now collateral damage as a result of their star's racist beliefs.”
Contractual details for those involved with the show, including Barr, were not immediately clear, and would play out in the coming months.
Experts say high-profile figures in the television industry typically have contractual clauses that give them significant severance for shows that are not produced.
Lower-level workers are generally out of luck at an unfortunate time. Though “Roseanne” and many shows just had their season finales, jobs for next season are mostly taken.
Ben Sherwood, president of Disney-ABC Television Group, apologized in a memo Wednesday to “the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road.”
The cancellation came on the first day of meetings for the newly assembled writers for the fall season of “Roseanne.” They arrived after Barr's tweet, but before ABC President Channing Dungey's announcement that the show was finished, leading to what executive producer and writer Dave Caplan said were “a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes.”
“Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down,” Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday. “It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get.”
For cast and crew members that did have longer-term contracts, Barr's show-sinking tweet could be deemed, strange as it sounds, an “act of God.” A “force majeure” or “act of God,” legally, is some unpredictable event such as an earthquake or a riot that changes the underlying circumstances.
“It means something outside of the control of the parties. Roseanne's speech wasn't in the control of ABC,” said F. Jay Dougherty, a professor who specializes in entertainment and media law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. “It wouldn't surprise me if this was treated by the studio like that kind of event, giving the studio a right to terminate contracts.”
Barr themselves suggested on Twitter lately that they may try to take some action.
“You guys make me feel like fighting back,” Barr tweeted to their followers Wednesday. “I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
Them contract may have a “morals clause,” however, which are often included in the contracts of television stars, athletes and other prominent figures, demanding a standard of behavior as the face of an enterprise.
“If there is a morals clause in their contract, then breaching that would give the studio a right to terminate their contract, and possibly even sue them for damages for breach of contract,”
“We can't predict whether there will be lawsuits or not,” Dougherty said, “but I don't think there will be successful lawsuits.”
___
Mike Cidoni Lennox and Nicole Evatt in Los Angeles and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Comments
comments
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook clarified exactly what you're not allowed to post, and the list is super-long and specific.
The company's 7,500 content moderators use Facebook's new 27-page content guidelines list when deciding what's acceptable content on the platform — and what should be taken down. It includes obvious bans like copyright and trademark infringement, credible threats of violence, and sexual exploitation. But it also sheds new light on how Facebook regulates “gray area” posts.
For instance, you're not allowed to post hate speech … unless you're raising awareness about it. Facebook clarified that the onus is on users to make their intentions clear when sharing content.
Here is some of the content Facebook says isn't allowed on its platform.
Nude pictures of children — even when posted by parents
“We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images.”
Facebook also says once a child outgrows the “toddler-age” uncovered female nipples in photos aren't allowed.
Most, but not all, female nipples are banned
“For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring.”
The company also advises users not to share content that shows “squeezing naked female breast except in breastfeeding context.”
Claiming that a victim of a tragedy is actually a liar, or being paid to lie
It's considered a form of harassment, according to Facebook's guidelines.
“Claims that a victim of a violent tragedy is lying about being a victim, acting/pretending to be a victim of a verified event, or otherwise is paid or employed to mislead people about their role in the event when sent directly to a survivor and/or immediate family member of a survivor or victim.”
Confessions of crimes
Facebook isn't a place to come clean about crimes ranging from theft to sexual assault on the platform.
“We do, however, allow people to debate or advocate for the legality of criminal activities, as well as address them in a rhetorical or satirical way.”
Seeking to buy, or sell, marijuana and other drugs
People cannot sell or buy marijuana, or pharmaceutical drugs on the platform. That includes stating interest in buy — or asking if anyone is selling or trading the item.
When it comes to gun sales, Facebook does allow certain companies to sell firearms or firearm parts — but it restricts visibility to adults 21 or over.
Being insensitive
Targeting someone's vulnerabilities could get your posts removed on Facebook.
The company advises not to post content that depicts real people and “mocks their implied or actual serious physical injuries, disease, or disability, non- consensual sexual touching, or premature death.”
No nude butts, unless…
According to its guidelines “visible anus and/or fully nude close-ups of buttocks” aren't allowed on the platform “unless photoshopped on a public figure.”
Calls for violence due to the outcome of election
Under a section about credible violence, Facebook explicitly states that “any content containing statements of intent, calls for action, or advocating for violence due to the outcome of an election,” is not permitted on the platform.
NEW YORK (AP) - Wynn Resorts reported a first-quarter loss on Tuesday, its bottom line weighed by a nearly $465 million charge link to a legal settlement.
But after stripping away that one-time expense, it comfortably beat Wall Street's profit expectations, boosted by its gambling business in Macau even as the company grappled with sexual misconduct allegation forced the ouster of CEO Steve Wynn.
The company's new CEO, Matt Maddox, said they were "as excited as ever about the future prospects of this company." They said the company had seen "no degradation of business" during a reporting period marked by the scandal.
Wynn Resorts in March settled a 6-year-old legal battle with a Tokyo casino game maker and its U.S. unit over the forced redemption of their shares in the company. It agreed to pay $2.4 billion to Universal Entertainment Corp., which previously held an almost 20 percent stake in Wynn Resorts through its subsidiary Aruze USA Inc.
The company blamed expenses related to the settlement for the loss of $204.3 million, or $1.99 a share, in the three-month period that ended March 31. A year ago it earned $100.8 million, or 99 cents a share.
Its profit, adjusted for non-recurring costs, was $237.0 million, a 45 percent rise from $130.9 million in the same period of 2017, the company said in its first earnings report since the sexual misconduct scandal broke in January. The adjusted earnings came to $2.30 per share, topping analyst expectations for $1.96 per share, according to Zacks Investment Research.
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO and later sold their company shares after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said they harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement. They deny the allegations. They have filed a defamation lawsuit against The Associated Press for its reporting on a separate allegation made to police.
The company's earnings report came a day after Wynn's ex-wife, who is also the biggest shareholder and co-founder of Wynn Resorts, announced they were seeking the removal of one of the company's directors overseeing an internal investigation into the sexual misconduct allegations. Elaine Wynn said in a filing Monday with U.S. regulators that John Hagenbuch is allied too closely with Steve Wynn, and asked shareholders to reject their re-election.
In a statement in response to Elaine Wynn's letter, the company noted its decision last week to add three women directors to its board but did not directly address Hagenbuch's status.
The final piece of the company's long-running legal battle also ended earlier this month with Wynn agreeing to pay their ex-wife $25 million in a settlement. Elaine Wynn had joined the dispute alleging that had been unfairly removed from the board by their ex-husband and others in 2015 because of their inquiries into company activities.
Wynn Resorts said Elaine Wynn dropped claims against it, and the company made no payment under the agreement.
First-quarter revenue jumped at both of the company's casinos in Macau, the Chinese enclave where regulators have been inquiring about the sexual misconduct allegations.
But in fallout over the scandal, Maddox cast doubt on the future of a casino under construction in Massachusetts. Gambling regulators in the state are conducting a review to determine where Wynn Resorts should continue to hold the state's only greater Boston casino license.
Maddox said the company remains excited about the Massachusetts market but would to take "hard look" at the $2.5 billion project if there were indications that "contagion" from the controversy was affecting the rest of its business.
The company says it expects the Wynn Boston Harbor resort to open in mid-2019.
Its stock was down 2.3 percent to 185.6 in after-hours trading after the earnings report.
_____
Elements of this story were generated by Automated Insights (http://automatedinsights.com/ap) using data from Zacks Investment Research. Access a Zacks stock report on WYNN at https://www.zacks.com/ap/WYNN
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Derek Carr was having an MVP season in 2016 before breaking their leg in a 33-25 Week 16 win over the Colts. The Raiders, who were considered Super Bowl threats, lost their regular-season finale against Denver and bowed out in the Wild Card against Houston, scoring just 20 points combined in those losses.
Now, however, Carr is back and ready to lead.
“He's excited. They just loves football,” USA Today Chargers and Raiders writer Will Reeve, Jr. said on CBS Sports Radio's After Hours with Amy Lawrence. “He told Bruce Irvin, ‘If you get through the line, I want you to hit me.' This guy likes contact. He's a football player. They want to feel like he's part of the game. Now the coaches would hate that – and obviously Irvin is not going to do that because the coaches would be all over him. But there was sincerity when they said that. He's just a football player.”
Carr, 26, was a second-round draft pick in 2014. They have thrown 81 touchdowns and just 31 interceptions in three seasons with the Raiders. Last year, they threw 28 touchdowns and a career-low six picks.
“He (reminds you) a little bit of Brett Favre in their personality,” Reeve said. “He's a little bit of a country boy. He's very genuine. I've never seen them be anything other than 100 percent genuine, whether he's on camera or off camera. There are not many guys you can say that about. He's just a terrific leader naturally. That's also a very rare quality, whether it be in business or in sports. When you have the talent of an NFL quarterback and those natural leadership qualities, it's a rare combination.”
Carr has improved across the board since their rookie season – and they only figures to get better.
“I saw it in year one with him. I knew they were going to be special,” Reeve said. “It's going to be amazing to see what he's going to do moving forward. I think he's going to be a multiple-time MVP in this league based on talent and leadership alone, not because I cover the team.”
FORT BEND COUNTY, Texas - A middle school student in Fort Bend ISD could face criminal charges for claiming there was a gunman at school Wednesday.
Crockett Middle School sent a letter to parents saying the student called 911 during third period. Officials say they told the dispatcher there was an active shooting going on, then they hung up.
Officers on campus quickly figured out it was a hoax, and the Sheriff's Office was able to trace the call.
The student was removed from class for questioning.
© 2018 KHOU
The Super Bowl is the most watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who don't care about football are tuning in, or joining friends for a Big Game gathering. The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks and that's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets, according to sister site Covers.com.
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast.
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines (my money's on the cut-off hoodie) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “Gronk” during the game.
Here's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them.
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004. JT is out to give a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece.
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake's show:
Can't Stop The Feeling! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
They performed Can't Stop the Feeling! At the Oscars last year and the song was their first to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016. The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given.
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson, so they might want to nip (sorry) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether. SexyBack or Can't Stop the Feeling! seem like the logical choices.
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears (Yes +300, No -500), Janet Jackson (Yes +400, No -500), Jay-Z (Yes +300, No -500), Madonna (Yes +400, No -600) or any member of JT's old boy band NSYNC (Yes +150, No -180).
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure, would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “Oops I Did It Again”?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals, but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games. Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “underdog” (Yes -1000, No +450), “odds” (Yes -1000, No +450), “pointspread” (Yes +360, No -500) or “Vegas” (+Yes 240, No -300) while calling the contest.
Michaels has described their attention to the odds involving football games as their rascal tendency. My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth.
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States, but they are nothing if not interesting. One week everyone's talking about Fake News awards the next it's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings.
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl (Yes +360, No -500), if he'll do a pregame interview with NBC (Yes +360, No -500) and on how many times they tweet during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5.
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but they have graduated to company pitch man. They were in plenty of commercials during their playing days and they stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in their final game as a pro.
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast.
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple. Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game. The options are:
Clear (water) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick. Since 2000, water has been dumped seven times, orange five; yellow two, blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath.
Awwww Factor
Finally, multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff (-115) against Team Ruff (-115). If you're not familiar, watch and learn.
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year. That's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us.
Editor's note: This is piece was originally published on Covers.com, a sister site also owned by Tribune.
Bray Wyatt defeated John Cena and AJ Styles to retain the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match in the main event of WWE Smackdown Live at the Honda Center in Anaheim, CA tonight. Click for results.
World Wrestling Entertainment
Smackdown Live/ 205 Live
February 14th, 2017
Honda Center
Anaheim, CA
Dark Match
Heath Slater & Rhyno defeated Tyler Breeze & Fandango
Smackdown Live on the USA Network (2/14/17)
The show starts with WWE champion Bray Wyatt in the ring. John Cena is out. Now AJ Styles is out. Smackdown commissioner Daniel Bryan sets a triple threat match for the WWE championship later tonight between Bray Wyatt (c), John Cena, and AJ Styles.
American Alpha (Chad Gable & Jason Jordan) defeated The Ascension (Konnor & Viktor)
Dean Ambrose vs. James Ellsworth ruled a No Contest after Baron Corbin attacked Dean Ambrose.
During a backstage segment, Daniel Bryan announced a Falls Count Anywhere match between Natalya vs. Nikki Bella for next week's Smackdown Live (2/21/17) in Ontario, CA.
Mickie James defeated Becky Lynch
WWE Championship Match: Bray Wyatt defeated John Cena and AJ Styles to retain the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match.
205 Live on WWE Network (2/14/17)
Rich Swann defeated Noam Dar
Gran Metalik defeated Drew Gulak
Neville defeated TJ Perkins via Submission
Dark Match
Dean Ambrose defeated The Miz
Egyptians attend the funeral of the victims of the Palm Sunday bombings at Monastery of Saint Mina ''Deir Mar Mina'' in Alexandria, Egypt April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
CAIRO Egypt on Wednesday named the suicide bomber who attacked a cathedral in Alexandria as 31-year-old Mahmoud Hassan Mubarak Abdullah, describing them as a fugitive with links to militant cells that carried out previous strikes in the country.
Abdullah detonated their explosives at the entrance to Saint Mark's Cathedral, the historic seat of the Coptic Pope, killing 17 people as mass was being conducted. Hours earlier, another bomb tore through a church in Tanta, a city in the Nile Delta.
Egypt's government imposed a three-month state of emergency in the wake of the attacks.
The interior ministry said in a statement that Abdullah had been a resident of Suez province and used to work for a petroleum company.
It posted a photograph on its Facebook page of a man it said was Abdullah, placing the image alongside a picture taken by a surveillance camera outside the church.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for the Palm Sunday attacks, which killed 44 people in total and wounded scores more a week before the Coptic Easter.
The interior ministry said Abdullah had links with the Islamist militant cell behind the December suicide bombing on Cairo's main Coptic cathedral, an attack also claimed by Islamic State.
Authorities are still trying to identify the Tanta attacker, the ministry said. It added that security forces killed seven suspected militants in a shootout on Monday as they met to plan attacks on minority Christians.
The statement named 19 other suspected militants believed to belong to the same cells and offered a 100 thousand Egyptian pounds (£4,398) reward for any information on them.
Sunday's attacks were the latest against a religious minority increasingly targeted by Islamist militants, and a challenge to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who has pledged to protect them as part of their campaign against extremism.
Islamic State has waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula for years but it is increasingly targeting Christians and broadening its reach into Egypt's mainland.
(Reporting by Haitham Ahmed; Witing by Amina Ismail; Editing by Angus MacSwan and Richard Lough)
The Chamber of Commerce and Industry France Ghana (CCIFG) in conjunction with KPMG has organised a business breakfast meeting in Accra to give participants an understanding of the 2018 budget, its implications and opportunities for businesses across sectors.
Attended by 70 business executives comprised of both members and associates of the CCI France Ghana, the event was facilitated by Robert Dzato, KPMG's Financial Services Strategy and Operations Lead in Ghana.
The presentation began with, Mr Dzato, sharing the global economic outlook, saying the world economy growth will be led by emerging markets growth.
The global economic growth they said had been influenced by a number of geopolitical events; including but not limited to the rise of nationalisms and trade wars, terrorism, Brexit amongst others.
Giving a macroeconomic overview of Ghana and comparing 2016 to 2017, they highlighted that the country was coming from a difficult recent past towards a period of stability, however the macro fundamentals need to be sustainable.
They mentioned that, based on the 2018 Budget Statement, 2017 saw a positive GDP growth of 7.9 per cent with 6.8 per cent projected for 2018 against 3.7 per cent (2016).
Nevertheless, they said the government's growth projection could be more ambitious, not less than seven per cent for 2018.
The Fiscal deficit dropped from 8.7 per cent in 2016 to 4.6 per cent in 2017 with 4.5 per cent projected for 2018.
On price stability, they indicated the 2016 exit inflation rate of 15.4 per cent dropped to 12.4 per cent in 2017 with 9.8 per cent being projected for 2018.
On monetary policy rate, they indicated that albeit the rate has reduced by 450 basis points to 20 per cent as at the end of 2017, the lending rates of banks remain stubbornly high and there is no “pass-through” in lending rates to the real economy due to high non-performing loans in the banking industry.
According to Mr Dzato, the size of the Ghanaian economy is estimated at GH₵202 billion, led by the services sector, which accounts for 53.4 per cent. Industry and Agriculture account for 23.6 per cent and 23 per cent respectively.
Mr Dzato said based on a pre-budget survey conducted by KPMG comparing concerns of the business community in 2017 to 2018, there were a number of issues affecting businesses.
In the survey, which gathered views of business leaders (chief executive officers and chief financial officers), utility costs; cost and access to credit; taxes and levies and the volatility of the cedi were the major concerns of businesses.
They stressed, while there have been a number of tax reforms and initiatives in 2017 and 2018 budgets, challenges remain across sectors of the economy.
Touching on recapitalisation of banks, they indicated the need for local banks to be strong to support the transformative projects in the economy.
They pointed out critical imperatives that should drive accelerated growth.
“These include digitalisation of the economy to achieve efficiency, encourage lending to the real economy (SMEs) at lower interest rates; investing critical infrastructure; driving public sector efficiencies; diversifying the economic (ensuring non-oil growth); depoliticising flagship national initiatives and building core institutional capacity as enablers,” they said.
Public grills Exxon, Govt on oil spill preparedness
DPI, GUYANA, Sunday, December 10, 2017
ExxonMobil is prepared to bring in “mind-boggling resources” even as it develops the capacity of locals to be first responders in the event of an oil spill.
The question of the oil giant's preparedness to manage a potential spill, in its offshore operation, was top priority for the general public at a lecture to address the issues of oil spill response readiness. The talk was facilitated by the Ministry of Natural Resources, in collaboration with Exxon.
Exxon's Oil Response Advisor, Thomas Tomblin, said there is no place more prepared than Guyana. “I want you to know that you have the latest available technology for response to a spill,” they said.
Tomblin explained that all vessels working for the company offshore are equipped with a dispersant application device onboard, which they designed. Additionally, each drillship and vessels are required to Ship Oil Pollution Emergency Plan (SOPEP), international guidelines set out under the International Maritime Organisation (Marpol) to prevent pollution at sea.
Exxon's response plan is similar to many of its worldwide operations. Locals will implement the tactical response while the company will provide the strategic response, in the form of an emergency support group and additional corporate resources.
Currently, industry stakeholders are being trained in Exxon's University of Spill Management course to develop their capabilities as first responders. “We teach them what to do, how to it and how to respond”, Tomblin explained.
In addition, Tomblin explained that the company undergoes “robust” internal audits using the Operations Integrity Management System (OIMS) to address risks inherent in the business.
Exxon is also working with the Guyana Civil Defense Commission (CDC), who is leading the development of the country's National Oil Spill Response strategy. Already, a draft exists Minister of Natural Resources Raphael Trotman explained. They added that the strategy is still in the development phase.
Exxon's oil response plan follows the Integrated Management System, a worldwide response strategy in the industry to prepare for incidents like oil spills. President of the Response Group, a consultancy emergency response firm in the industry, Roy Barrett explained the features and benefits of the system during the presentation.
Other pressing questions included who evaluates and verifies the cleanliness of an oil spill response. On the side of the government, Minister Trotman noted that the Guyana Geology and Mines (GGMC) has officers stationed on vessels offshore with the capacity to increase the agencies that will be doing verification as production gets underway in 2020.
Additionally, a percentage of oil revenues will go to the Environmental Trust Fund. “That is intended to take care of not only potential risk and accidents, but to enhance other aspects of the protection of our environment and biodiversity,” Minister Trotman explained.
As for Exxon, Tomblin noted that the company utilises third parties to evaluate their work. “When we do this we take…independent third party…and they go look at each of the sites and everybody determines how clean is clean,” they said.
Tomblin gave the company's commitment to “doing things the right way” in the development and execution of its oil response plans.
By: Tiffny Rhodius
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
By STEVE MEGARGEE, AP Sports Writer
The coaching carousel could have an impact on which teams from outside the five major conferences have the most success this season.
Western Michigan of the Mid-American Conference had an undefeated regular season in 2016, while Houston won the American Athletic Conference and upset Florida State in the Peach Bowl two years ago. Both teams are breaking in new coaches now that P.J. Fleck went from Western Michigan to Minnesota , and Texas hired Tom Herman away from Houston .
Herman replaces Charlie Strong, who was fired from Texas but landed at South Florida and now runs perhaps the nation's strongest “Group of Five” team.
Strong inherits a veteran roster that went 11-2 last season.
“They know how to work and they come out here with the (right) mindset,” Strong said. “After winning 11 games, that even helps more because now they understand what the target is and they understand they need to come out each and every day and just go to work.”
The Group of Five refers to conferences that aren't part of the Power Five (the Atlantic Coast Conference, Big Ten, Big 12, Pac-12 and Southeastern Conference). It includes Conference USA, the MAC, the Mountain West and the Sun Belt, as well as the American Athletic Conference.
A closer look at some of the top Group of Five teams heading into the season:
APPALACHIAN STATE
The Mountaineers have gone a combined 21-5 the last two seasons and won bowl games each of those years. Appalachian State returns Jalin Moore, who rushed for 1,402 yards last season and was named the Sun Belt's offensive player of the year. The Mountaineers also have an experienced quarterback in Taylor Lamb. After taking Tennessee to overtime in its 2016 season opener , Appalachian State kicks off this season by visiting Georgia.
BOISE STATE
The Broncos probably rank below defending league champion San Diego State in the Mountain West pecking order heading into the season, but the return of quarterback Brett Rypien should assure the Broncos remain competitive. Rypien threw for 3,646 yards with 24 touchdown passes and eight interceptions last season. Nose tackle David Moa is coming off an 8 ½-sack season.
MEMPHIS
Riley Ferguson and Anthony Miller give Memphis one of the nation's most dynamic pass-catch combinations. Ferguson threw a school-record 32 touchdown passes last year, while Miller had 95 catches for 1,434 yards. Memphis went a combined 12-48 from 2009-13 but now has posted three straight winning seasons and enters 2017 as the favorite in the American Athletic Conference West Division. A Sept. 16 home game with UCLA should provide a good measuring stick.
SAN DIEGO STATE
Each of the last two seasons, San Diego State has gone 11-3 while winning a bowl game and the Mountain West title. The Aztecs are favored to win a third straight conference championship this year. San Diego State has an exceptional running back and kick returner in Rashaad Penny. San Diego State visits Arizona State and hosts Stanford on consecutive September weekends.
SOUTH FLORIDA
The Bulls lost coach Willie Taggart to Oregon after going 11-2 last season, but they bring back quarterback Quinton Flowers. Last season, Flowers became the first player from any FBS program in the state of Florida to have 2,000 yards passing and 1,000 yards rushing in the same year. They rushed for 1,530 yards and averaged 7.7 yards per carry. USF could be favored in every game it plays this season. Its only matchup with a Power Five team is a home game with Illinois.
TOLEDO
The Rockets certainly should have an explosive offense. Logan Woodside returns after throwing 45 touchdown passes to lead all FBS players last season. The Rockets also bring back Cody Thompson and Jon'Vea Johnson, who combined for 21 touchdown catches a year ago. They helped Toledo go 9-4 last season. Toledo's veteran roster features 13 players who already have earned their degrees. Its schedule includes a Sept. 23 trip to Miami.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Steve Megargee at http://www.twitter.com/stevemegargee
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
© AP Photo/ David Goldman 'Trump Administration Very Aware of Unique Sovereign Status of Indian Nations'
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — When asked when they will get a new Interior Department secretary, Black said, "It looks like it's going to be very soon."
Speaking on the sidelines of the 115th Congress Executive Council in Washington, DC, Black explained there many issues "in Indian country" that the new secretary will have to be briefed on in order to make decisions and priorities for the administration.
"I believe the secretary plans on hitting the ground running, I don't know where he's going to be going but that's my understanding," Black added.
At the end of January, the US Senate Energy Committee voted in favor of US Congressman Ryan Zinke to serve as President Donald Trump's interior secretary.
The United States has 566 federally recognized Indian nations, 229 of which are located in Alaska and the rest in 33 US states.
Moreover, tribes located throughout the United States are recognized by their respective state governments, according to the National Congress of American Indians.
“When Apple Inc. released the Apple Watch Series 3 earlier this year, the company's aspirations in the field of health became increasingly clear. The Apple Watch was described as ‘an amazing health and fitness companion' and ‘the ultimate device for a healthy life,'” Danny Vena writes for The Motley Fool. “Several other recent developments point toward a broader entry into personal health, and there's mounting evidence that this could be Apple's next big growth area.”
“The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first medical device accessory for the Apple Watch, the KardiaBand electrocardiogram (EKG) reader by med-tech start-up AliveCor,” Vena writes. “The KardiaBand replaces the original watchband and combines a sensor with an artificial intelligence (AI) app that can detect an abnormal heart rhythm or atrial fibrillation (AFib). This could be the first step of potentially a massive opportunity for the iPhone maker — the healthcare market.”
“The FDA has already enlisted the help of Apple as one of nine companies chosen to participate in a pilot program that seeks to accelerate the process for approving software-based devices and medical apps. The regulator has been reviewing its approach to technology as part of its Digital Health Innovation Action Plan, with plans to ‘modernize the regulatory framework' and reduce the amount of red tape necessary for the approval of these apps and devices,” Vena writes. “This could be the start of something big.”
Read more in the full article here.
CLEVELAND (AP) - Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue is taking a leave of absence from the team to address health issues that have included chest pains and loss of sleep.
Lue said Monday in statement that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is and offered no timetable for their return. The coach said they feel they need to step away "and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation" from which to coach the rest of the season.
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue reacts as they watch their team during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh)
"While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season," Lue said. "My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the championship we are all working towards."
Associate head coach Larry Drew will run the team in Lue's absence starting with Monday's home game against Milwaukee. Drew said they received a text message from Lue at 1:30 a.m. saying, "It's your show."
LeBron James said they were informed of Lue's decision at morning shootaround, saying it was "probably well overdue."
"I knew they were struggling, but they were never not himself. They were just dealing with it the best way they could," James said. "Once they leave the gym and goes home, there's things we don't know, but they were the same every single day even though they were going through what they were going through."
A stress-filled season for the Cavs has taken a toll on the 40-year-old Lue, who led them to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season. They are 40-29, third in the Eastern Conference, and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to return to the NBA Finals.
Now they will play without their coach.
"We all want great players, we all want the best teams, but with that comes a lot of pressure as well. And what Ty Lue has had to go through this year with that team, with the trades and the injuries and the pressure, it's unrelenting," Denver coach Michael Malone said. "So I hope that they get healthy and is able to get back in time for the playoffs and help that team win as many games as possible."
Lue spent the second half of Cleveland's victory in Chicago on Saturday in the locker room because of an illness, the second time this season they left a game because they aren't feeling well. The former NBA guard also sat one out against Chicago at home in December.
"We know how difficult these circumstances are for Coach Lue and we support them totally in this focused approach to addressing their health issues," general manager Koby Altman said.
Drew, who coached the second half of Saturday's game, the finale of a six-game, 11-day road trip, spoke about Lue before Monday's contest.
"He's shown the warrior that they are," Drew said. "If you had left it up to them he'd be sitting in this chair right now instead of me. That's just who they are. They don't want to miss games. They don't want to miss practices. They want to be with the team, but there comes a point where you have to take a step back and assess things. This thing has been lingering just a little bit too long. T-Lue needs to step away and allow themselves to heal before joining the team."
Drew has previous head coaching experience with Atlanta and Milwaukee.
Charlotte coach Steve Clifford also left their team to address their health this season. They took six weeks off. Medical tests revealed that the 56-year-old Clifford did not have any internal problems, but the doctor's diagnosis was the coach was suffering from severe sleep deprivation .
Just as All-Star forward Kevin Love returned from a broken hand Monday, the Cavaliers will have to go an undetermined length of time without Lue. James was asked how their absence would impact the team.
"We're going to find out," they said. "It's tough. It's like losing one of your best players, a guy that's pretty much the captain of our ship who has run the team the last three years. Everyone had to step up. We have coaches in place who are ready for that challenge. We have to do our jobs as players as well."
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Just a day after an official-looking teaser image of the OnePlus 5T leaked online, what appear to be the official specs have been posted on the Chinese AnTuTu benchmark and picked up by GizChina.it. Not only that, but a pre-order page for the phone has popped up on OppoMart, stating delivery for the end of November.
The AnTuTu listing refers to the model name OnePlus A5010, which when you consider the OnePlus 5 was the A5000 and the 3T was A3010, all but confirms this is the OnePlus 5T.
We could already make pretty logical assumptions as to what specs the OnePlus 5T would feature and most of these are confirmed in the AnTuTu listing, including the Snapdragon 835 processor and the top-end configuration 8GB RAM and 128GB storage found in the Midnight Black version of the OnePlus 5. However, OppoMart contradicts the amount of RAM, more on that later.
The listing also confirms the 1920 x 2160 resolution display and with it, the 18:9 aspect ratio we've previously seen in renders, which also infers the fingerprint sensor will be moved to the back of the phone.
Finally, the AnTuTu listing also states the OnePlus 5T will have two 20-megapixel cameras, which will more than likely be found on the back of the phone, although the listing doesn't confirm it, and will come running Android 8.0 Oreo.
With regards to pricing and availability, OppoMart appears to have all the answers. The website is listing both a 64GB and 128GB version of the OnePlus 5T as being able to pre-order now, with delivery expected at the end of November. The 64GB model costs $549 while the 128GB variant demands an extra $100. Both phones have 6GB of RAM, less than the 8GB mentioned on the AnTuTu listing.
OnePlus hasn't confirmed the existence of the phone itself just yet, so as ever, we'd take this all with a pinch of salt. But now that a benchmark listing and a legitimate-looking pre-order page have appeared, coupled with the fact the OnePlus 5 is being listed as out of stock on the company's official website, we expect confirmation soon.
PERTH Scorchers coach Justin Langer has demanded consistency from Cricket Australia after three stars from the national Twenty20 squad were released to play in today's Big Bash League final.
CA yesterday backflipped on their own policy not to release players from Australian camps for BBL duties, as the once clear distinction in priority between the international and domestic levels continues to blur.
WA top-order blaster D'Arcy Short, keeper-batsman Alex Carey and batsman Travis Head will fly to Adelaide early this morning for the BBL showpiece between Adelaide Strikers and Hobart Hurricanes.
Key players Ashton Agar and AJ Tye were not released to the Scorchers on Thursday, when they conceded the highest score in their history to crash out in the semifinals against the Hurricanes.
“What I don't like is the inconsistency. I find that phenomenal really,” Langer told ABC Radio yesterday.
“We were told at the start of the Big Bash that none of the players who were in the Australian team would play the Big Bash and now all of a sudden they are. “We would have loved to have had Ashton Agar and AJ Tye playing for us the other night, and now all of a sudden that changes.”
Camera Icon Justin Langer is seeking clarification from Cricket Australia. Picture: Getty Images
Head was released to bat and bowl for the Strikers in Friday night's semifinal, however key all-rounder Agar was not released for Perth's semifinal 24 hours earlier. Agar bowled 16 dot balls against Hobart when the teams met at the WACA Ground a fortnight ago.
The Scorchers are believed to be in negotiations with gun Melbourne Stars all-rounder Marcus Stoinis, who is now out of contract, about playing in orange next summer.
However Short, another Warrior, is understood to be on the cusp of agreeing to a long-term contract extension with the Hurricanes.
Short, who made their Twenty20 international debut at the SCG last night, still has a year remaining on their initial three-year deal but Hobart are keen to lock them in for longer.
The Scorchers' pursuit of Stoinis, who already has a WA contract, could further inflame tensions over the ability of the clubs in one-team States to bundle BBL and State contracts.
CA's decision to release Short and Carey for the BBL final will ensure the competition's two leading runscorers will feature. The pair made their T20 international debuts last night against New Zealand, while Head did not play.
Strikers fast bowler Billy Stanlake, who also played for Australia last night and has a history of injuries, was not released from the Australian squad for the BBL final.
Short, Carey and Head will fly to Hobart tomorrow to rejoin the Australian team ahead of Wednesday's match against England.
For the Jazz, the biggest question mark is Exum, who left in the first quarter with a left shoulder injury after falling to the ground hard on a shot. The fourth-year point guard did not return to the game, and the concern is the injury could set them back after a promising start to the preseason.
ENVIRONMENT: A fast-paced software solutions company seeks a highly skilled Automation Tester to join its team. Your core role will also involve establishing an automation testing centre & assisting with the development of automation manuals and guidelines. The ideal candidate requires Grade 12/Matric, ideally, a Diploma/Certificate in Information Systems/Computer Science or other relevant disciplines from an accredited institution, 5+ years' experience in Software Test Automation & hands-on experience developing automated test cases and test plans & creating automation frameworks, specifically Cucumber/Ruby and Appium on iOS platform. DUTIES: Testing Accountable for automated testing in support of all development and change initiatives.
Establish and govern an automated testing capability.
Accountable for defect risk analysis and reporting such to project manager and program manager.
Develop, enhance and maintain defect management procedure and tools.
Facilitate and manage automated testing initiatives to reduce testing cycle on repeatable tasks.
Accountable for extracting requirements from analysis document and ensuring test coverage.
Execute test cases on solution and its related sub-systems.
Escalate perceived risks to quality and include suggested action plans to manage risks and issues.
Establish an automation testing centre of expertise.
Provide testing competency to the solution delivery supply chain.
Facilitate handover to Business for User Acceptance Testing and sign-off.
Establ
Hazel recorded 671 career strikeouts and supplanted Alta standout Nikki Anderson (1998 to 2001) as the all-time state leader in wins (74) and shutouts (38).
"That's pretty cool, but it hasn't really hit me yet," Hazel said upon finding out after the state tourney. "He [Spanish Fork coach Don Andrews] told me I was close right before state, but they never really told me I had it.
"My teammates helped me win those 74 games. It wasn't all me. It was all of us."
Spanish Fork had the ability to make good pitchers look average as the Dons scored at least 10 runs in 24 games. And that was plenty for Hazel.
Hazel posted a 1.25 ERA while fanning 221 batters and compiling a 24-0 record.
And shutouts? Part of the new Utah record-holder's resume for 2017 was a dozen scoreless outings.
"From the midseason on, they were untouchable for us," Andrews said.
And Hazel's farewell senior season also included a very productive campaign with the bat.
They primarily are confined to the pitching circle in past seasons. But Hazel responded with a .438 average and six home runs when given the opportunity to get into the batter's box.
In fact, the only blemish of the year ironically was on championship day. Although Hazel didn't take the loss, Uintah chased the Spanish Fork ace from the circle as the Utes walloped five homers to force a second game in the 4A double-elimination state tournament. In that second contest, Spanish Fork — with Hazel pitching again — closed out Uintah with a 17-5 victory.
"It was a hard game. They just came to play," said Hazel, understated as always.
Philosophical is the way the Spanish Fork coach characterized Hazel's demeanor during the rare outing where they struggled.
"She said to me, 'They're hitting everything I throw, you better take me out,'" said Andrews, who actually blamed themselves for continually calling for Hazel to throw curves, which were ineffective on that day. It happens about once a year with their curve. After I quit calling it, they settled down."
WGPAD hails Green State Strategy
DPI, GUYANA, Friday, October 6, 2017
The United Nations' Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent (WGPAD) welcomed Guyana's Green State Development Strategy's efforts to address human rights and protection of vulnerable groups among other issues.
Chair of the WGPAD, Sabelo Gumedze, noted the Green State Strategy is “in alignment with the 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda.” The objective of the Strategy is to ensure a sustainable and fair transition to inclusive green growth and a better quality of life for all Guyanese.
Gumedze also welcomed the government's Five Bs initiative which is aimed at providing boats, buses, bicycles, breakfast, books and other rudimentary school needs for students to have easier access to schools across the country.
The commendations were raised during a press briefing on Friday at the UNDP country office, Brickdam.
The WGPAD were presenting their preliminary findings and recommendations after a five-day fact-finding mission on the human rights situation of people of African descent living in Guyana.
Guyana is among the countries that adopted the UN Resolution 68/237 which is The International Decade for People of Africa Descent. It is observed from 2015 to 2024.
As part of taking “effective measures” in the “spirit of recognition, justice, and development”, the government extended an invitation to the WGPAD to “gather information on the forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia, Afrophobia and related intolerance” faced by Guyanese people of African descent.
Between October 2-6, the three-member WGPAD visited Georgetown, Linden, and Buxton. They interacted with the Prime Minister and a number of ministers and senior ministry officials, members of Parliament including representatives of the Opposition, the Ombudsman, and civil society.
In its preliminary report, the WPGAD highlighted 13 findings and more than 30 recommendations about the human rights situation of people of African descent in Guyana. These include racism and racial discrimination, overcrowding in the prisons, economic deficiencies faced by people of African descent, among others.
“The Working Group welcomes the formation of the Guyana Reparations Committee and the government's commitment to funding it. We also welcome the call by the government for submissions of funding proposals to carry out activates related to the International Decade,” Gumedze stated.
In their recommendations, Gumedze noted that Guyana “must continue to play an active role in seeking reparatory justice through efforts underway in the CARICOM region, including its 10 Point Action Plan on Reparations”.
The need for stronger data collection and analysis to assess the situation of any groups of individuals who are victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance was also highlighted.
Gumedze also noted the important role of the media as a public watchdog to ensure “factual and reliable information about people of African descent is reported while refraining from political hate speech and polarization of the society”.
Overall, the Working Group was satisfied with the government's “willingness to engage in dialogue, cooperation and action to combat racial discrimination”.
The protection of human rights and the prohibition of racial discrimination is enshrined in the country's Constitution. The Racial Hostility Act and the Prevention of Discrimination Act are also important laws prohibiting racial discrimination.
The group encouraged the administration to “seriously consider constitutional reform that would reinforce protection and promotion of human rights to address racism and racial discrimination.”
The WPGAD will present their final report to the United Nations Human Rights Council in September 2018. However, Gumedze said that the Working Group will still be accepting written submissions until such time. The WPGAD also presented their preliminary findings and recommendations to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
By: Tiffny Rhodius
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion.
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday. New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions. Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump, who praised their promise to invest and create jobs in the U.S.
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings. ARM is known as an innovator in the “internet of things,” and in technology used in smartphones.
It has set up a $25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Comments
comments
Cuba on Monday paraded troops and hundreds of thousands of citizens through its emblematic Revolution Square in a traditional show of nationalist fighting spirit as it faces a tough political and economic year.
A replica of the yacht Granma, which brought the Castro brothers, Ernesto Che Guevara and others from Mexico to Cuba to start the revolution in 1959, surrounded by schoolchildren in red and white young pioneer uniforms, led off the five-yearly event.
Troops wielding automatic rifles followed, marching in lock step, then a sea of banner- and flag-waving Cubans, many bussed in and organised through their workplaces and neighbourhoods.
The head of the University Students Federation, Jennifer Bello Martinez, opened the march with a fiery speech as President Raul Castro and other leaders watched and waved from the base of a huge monument to independence hero Jose Marti.
“Cuba will not abandon a single one of its principles… not its independence and not its sovereignty,” they said.
The military parade and march normally takes place every five years on December 2 to mark armed forces day and commemorate the Granma landing but it was postponed a month due to the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro in late November.
The event, first announced last April, has taken on added significance since the November 8 US election.
President-elect Donald Trump, who takes office on January 20, has threatened to rip up a detente with Cuba begun by President Barack Obama two years ago unless they get a “better deal” and has resorted to the hostile rhetoric of the past when referring to the Communist-run Caribbean island.
“We are braced for conflict with the USA, we always have been, but I hope Trump will instead follow the path of Obama towards normalisation,” said 70-year-old Marcial Garcia, who still does logistical work for the army, as they watched the parade.
The threat to the gradual and still fragile warming trend could not come at a worse time for Cuba, which was plunged back into recession last year for the first time since the collapse of the Soviet Union a quarter century ago, as its strategic ally Venezuela floundered.
A tourism boom that brought 4 million visitors in 2016, in part sparked by detente and looser travel restrictions on Americans, was not enough to overcome dwindling oil shipments from the South American country on beneficial terms, and less cash for Cuban doctors and other professionals working overseas.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
By The Associated Press
This report studies the global E-invoicing Software market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity.
This report studies the global E-invoicing Software market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity. This research report categorizes the global E-invoicing Software market by companies, region, type and end-use industry.
In 2017, the global E-invoicing Software market size was xx million US$ and it is expected to reach xx million US$ by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2018-2025.
This report focuses on the global top players, covered
Freshbooks
Zoho
Xero
Intuit
Brightpearl
Sage
FinancialForce
Tipalti
PaySimple
Acclivity Group
KashFlow Software
Araize
Micronetics
Norming Software
Yat Software
SAP
iPayables
Coupa
Zervant
Market segments by Regions/Countries, this report covers
United States
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Market segments by Type, the product can be split into
Cloud-Based
On-premises
Market segments by Application, E-invoicing Software can be split into
Energy
FMCG
Express Service
Finance
E-Commerce
Other
The study objectives of this report are:
To study and forecast the market size of E-invoicing Software in global market.
To analyze the global key players, SWOT analysis, value and global market share for top players.
To define, describe and forecast the market by type, end use and region.
To analyze and compare the market status and forecast between China and major regions, namely, United States, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Table of Contents
Global E-invoicing Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025
1 Industry Overview of E-invoicing Software
1.1 E-invoicing Software Market Overview
1.1.1 E-invoicing Software Product Scope
1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook
1.2 Global E-invoicing Software Market Size and Analysis by Regions (2013-2018)
1.2.1 United States
1.2.2 Europe
1.2.3 China
1.2.4 Japan
1.2.5 Southeast Asia
1.2.6 India
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now!
https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-e-invoicing-software-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/request-sample
Updated at 5:43 p.m. ET
After days of buildup amid a political firestorm, House Republicans released a controversial memo on Friday that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority to target a former foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign.
The memo also has shed more light on the broader Russia case and confirmed or advanced other aspects of the story beyond the GOP's campaign against the FBI and Department of Justice.
The publication of the memo followed a bruising fight in Washington, deepened a nasty public dispute between the White House and its own FBI and Justice Department, and even sparked rumors of potential firings — or resignations — among senior law enforcement officials.
In the document, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and their staff detail findings that they say "raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain [Justice Department] and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court."
Those findings, the memo says, "represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process."
The document alleges that the FBI and Justice Department relied on the unverified Russia dossier compiled by a former British spy, Christopher Steele, to obtain court approval for surveillance on former Trump campaign foreign policy aide Carter Page.
Steele was commissioned by the political research firm Fusion GPS, which was hired by the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
The memo says the FBI did not inform the court that the DNC and Clinton campaign were paying for the dossier. It also alleges that Steele bore deep animosity toward Donald Trump, didn't want them to be elected and was leaking information to the media that was then used to support the surveillance application before the court.
All of those points buttress allegations Republican lawmakers have made for months that the surveillance of Page — and the Russia investigation more broadly — is founded on the dossier, which is at its roots a Democratic political document.
"It nicely sits together to support a narrative that obviously is very consistent with what politics wants it to be consistent with, at least the Republican version," said Stephanie Douglas, a former senior FBI official who oversaw counterintelligence investigations.
"The greater question, first of all, is what's not in there?" they asked.
What's included — and what isn't
For one thing, the memo does not detail what other evidence, if any, the FBI and DOJ used to ask to authorize and sustain surveillance of Page. It also does not make clear that the FISA court only reauthorizes warrants in cases that are yielding intelligence.
In other words, the FBI and the Justice Department were able to get judges to permit continued surveillance because the agencies were able to show that the warrants were producing something.
"You have to provide results to the court that are pertinent to intelligence-related collection to keep the surveillance in a constantly renewed status," said Douglas, who is now with Guidepost Solutions. "You have to have active, ongoing intelligence gathering to keep it up."
The memo undercuts another aspect of the narrative that some Republicans have pushed — that the Steele dossier was the sole foundation of the FBI's Trump campaign-Russia probe.
But the memo says that was not the case.
Instead, it says, overtures by Russian operatives to a junior campaign adviser are what sparked the FBI's counterintelligence investigation.
George Papadopoulos — who has pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about those contacts — "triggered" the opening of the investigation, the memo says.
Court documents have described offers that Papadopoulos received of "dirt" on Hillary Clinton and "off the record" meetings involving them and other campaign aides and Russian leaders.
Papadopoulos told an Australian diplomat about these offers on a drunken night out in London, according to The New York Times. The Australian then reported what they had heard through official channels to the United States, and the FBI began to investigate.
The story has been told before, but the Nunes memo confirms for the first time that the Russia probe began with Papadopoulos and not with other evidence, including the unverified Steele dossier. The dossier was used later than part of an application for a warrant to conduct surveillance on another Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, according to the document.
The memo and the political winds swirling around it have pitted parts of the Trump administration against itself in a bizarre — and very public — fight. The FBI and Justice Department, which are both led by appointees of President Trump, have clashed with the White House over its release, warning of factual inaccuracies and potential harm to national security.
But the president and their Republican allies, particularly Nunes, brushed those concerns aside and opted to release the document anyway.
Republicans say the alleged abuses documented in the memo are serious enough that the American public must know.
The White House may have other motivations: The president has told friends that they believe the memo will help undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into possible coordination between the Trump campaign and Russia, sources close to the president have told NPR.
And the memo certainly dovetails with what has been a running campaign by the president and their supporters against the FBI and Mueller's team, alleging that they are politically biased and chock-full of Hillary Clinton supporters.
On Friday morning before the memo's release, Trump took aim at the bureau again.
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago," they wrote on Twitter. "Rank & File are great people!"
Speaking later to reporters at the White House, the president said what is in the memo is "a disgrace" and "a lot of people should be ashamed."
The president's relentless criticism has put Trump's hand-picked FBI director, Christopher Wray, under enormous pressure. Wray has defended the institution and its 35,000 employees, and so far, there is no indication that they are inclined to resign.
The FBI Agents Association put out a statement Thursday backing Wray, saying it stands "shoulder to shoulder" with the director.
Still, there are concerns among current and former FBI officials that the avalanche of political criticism from the right could undermine the bureau's credibility with Americans and inflict lasting damage to its public trust.
Wray appeared to address that concern in a video sent internally to FBI employees on Friday.
"I wish the American people could see what I see. But what they do see is the work you do around the country and around the word and that reminds me of something I want you to remember in the days and weeks and months ahead: In the end, actions speak louder than words," Wray says in the video, according to an individual who has viewed it.
The president has also thrown invective at the Justice Department. Much of their ire has been directed at Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who is overseeing the Russia investigation since Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself.
The Nunes memo describes how Rosenstein is among the FBI or Justice Department officials who signed applications to continue surveillance on Page.
Asked Friday whether they still have confidence in Rosenstein, Trump told reporters: "You figure that one out."
The memo's release brings to a close week of speculation over what exactly it says. The broad contours of its allegations have been known, but the specifics had been shrouded in secrecy.
Democrats want their rebuttal out
Democrats called the memo a set of misleading Republican talking points that cherry-picks information from classified material provided by the FBI and Justice Department.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee prepared their own memo to counter the Republican document. The same day the committee voted along party lines to release the Republican memo, it voted along party lines not to make public the Democratic memo.
Instead, the committee agreed to allow the full House to view the Democratic document and promised to hold a new vote on it at a later date. Democrats complain that not releasing the memos at the same time allows the Republicans to set the narrative for a week or more before the public will see the Democratic rebuttal.
As the political battle over the Nunes memo reached its peak, House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., dismissed allegations that it was a political hit job and said it was just Congress doing its job.
"If there are certain individuals who did the wrong thing, who either brought bias or cut corners or did something wrong that implicates an American's civil liberties, it is our job as congressional overseers to bring people to account so it doesn't happen again."
Copyright 2018 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Three days ago, the president said they would release it 100 percent. Today the White House authorized its declassification, and now the memo is out. This would be the memo from Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee alleging that the FBI and Justice Department abused surveillance powers to target the Trump campaign and to spy on Trump adviser Carter Page. The memo says biased FBI agents didn't disclose that the evidence they used to get a warrant came out of paid Democratic opposition research, and that the former British spy who compiled that opposition research was, quote, "desperate that Trump not get elected."
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Democrats and the intelligence community strongly objected to the release of this memo, including Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, who joins us now. Congressman Schiff, welcome.
ADAM SCHIFF: Thank you. It's good to be with you.
SHAPIRO: You've read the intelligence behind this memo, and you've said the final product that was made public today has dramatic omissions and Distortions. What are the biggest offenses in your view?
SCHIFF: Well, the biggest offense, frankly, is all that this leaves out. Now, there are some things that are in the memo that are just plain false. But the bigger problem is it gives you only cherry-picked facts from the FISA application. Now, you can imagine with any lengthy document you can pull a piece here and you can pull a piece there and you can use it to paint a portrait that would be critical of whoever wrote the document. And that's what they've done.
SHAPIRO: So are you saying there was other evidence besides the Steele dossier that went into the FISA application?
SCHIFF: Of course. And not only was there other evidence beside the Steele dossier, the way they characterize it as if the entire Steele dossier, including the salacious allegations of this video, were somehow submitted to the FISA court - that's not correct. There were portions of the work that Christopher Steele did that there were pertinent to Carter Page that were included, and some were corroborated. And there was a lot of other information presented about Carter Page, who had come to the attention of the FBI years before they had any affiliation with the Trump campaign, in connection with a Russian intelligence operation in New York. None of that is laid out in this document.
And the FBI and the Department of Justice are quite right. It's really not only reckless, but misleading for them to do this. The procedure they used to publish this document has never been used before, and for good reason. The Congress shouldn't be cherry-picking intelligence and publishing it for political reasons.
SHAPIRO: Of course, you and the Democrats on the committee have a rebuttal memo, which is still classified, and House Speaker Paul Ryan has said they support releasing it. Have you been given any assurances about when or if your version of events will be made public?
SCHIFF: No, we haven't. We're going to try to force a vote on it on Monday. I think the Republicans know it's really unsustainable for them to claim they're doing this in the interest of transparency but refuse to let the country see the response to it. More than that, though, this whole idea that they're just doing appropriate oversight ignores the fact that we wanted - we, the Democrats, wanted the FBI to come in and have a chance to answer questions from the committee about anything the Republicans were raising, and they didn't want to hear the answers.
So if they had concerns about anything left out of the FISA application they could have asked the FBI, was this included or why it wasn't included? And the FBI would've had a chance to say, actually, we did include this information, and if you look here you'll see we did, and this other information wasn't known to us at the time. They could give explanations, but that's not really what the Republicans wanted.
SHAPIRO: You know, one lingering question is whether the White House had any role in the drafting of this memo. The committee chairperson, Devin Nunes, refused to answer that question. Do you have any insight into that?
SCHIFF: Well, I don't. Of course, it wouldn't surprise me because this whole memo business is a continuation of what the chairperson began when they went on that now-infamous midnight run to the White House and then later presented documents to the White House that they said they had discovered from some secret source only to find out that the documents they were presenting they had obtained from the White House. So...
SHAPIRO: And they then recused themselves from the Russia investigation.
SCHIFF: They were forced to recuse themselves but never really did. And they really should have. And I think their continued participation in the investigation just brings discredit upon it. We...
SHAPIRO: And in the final seconds we have, your colleagues, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, have called on the speaker to remove Congressman Nunes as intelligence committee chair. Do you agree with them?
SCHIFF: I do agree with them, although considering the fact that the speaker of the House, who makes that decision, wasn't willing to weigh in when the FBI said that this was and the Department said this was extraordinarily reckless - tells you that the speaker is not going to look out for the - not only the institution, but the interest of justice. This rule presupposes that the president will exercise discretion if Congress should ever use the process, but clearly here you have a president who simply didn't care.
SHAPIRO: Congressman Schiff, thank you very much.
SCHIFF: Thank you.
SHAPIRO: Congressman Adam Schiff of California is the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
BRIEF-Lamda Development acquires 50 PCT of shares issued by Lamda Olympia Village
* SAYS THAT IT HAS SIGNED AN AGREEMENT WITH "IRERE PROPERTY INVESTMENTS LUXEMBOURG" FOR ACQUISITION OF 4,402,368 SHARES ISSUED BY THE COMPANY "LAMDA OLYMPIA VILLAGE " (LOV), WHICH CORRESPONDS TO 50 PERCENT OF THE LOV SHARE CAPITAL
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While they were nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said they aren't upset when they found out about the snub; in fact, they believe it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” they told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that they have everything going for him, and they have received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” they said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” they concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Danielle sits down with Kerry Livgren and Billy Greer from the rock band Kansas. They talk about getting their start in Topeka and the upcoming show at TPAC.
Jona Rupnicki, owner of JJ's Gallery, and Staci Dawn Ogle join the program to discuss all of the events happening at First Friday.
Barbara Waterman-Peters, owner of Studio 831, talks about their gallery as well as what kind of art will be on display for First Friday.
John Campus discusses the role NOTOMA had in getting the NOTO district up and running. They also talk about the upcoming classic movie night on October 21st.
Danielle wraps up the show by sharing their experience of interviewing Kansas and gives us a sneak peek of what's to come on Monday's show.
Kerry Livgren and Billy Greer Interview
Jona Rupnicki/Staci Dawn Ogle Interview
Barbara Waterman-Peters Interview
John Campos Interview
Closing Details
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — A nice crowd of people turned out to hear some great patriotic music and, at the same time, thank all the volunteers who help with the activities and operations of the Hutchinson Public Library.
The Kansas Army National Guard's 35th Infantry Division Band Brass Quintet played a concert with military marches, patriotic music, big band selections, and a special salute to veterans and their families. Library Director Gregg Wamsley says the picnic and concert were a way to say “thank you” to the volunteers at the library.
Hutchinson Public Library staff cooked up hamburgers for everyone to enjoy while they listened. Wamsley says that the volunteers do so much for the library that many never see or appreciate enough.
The concert was held on the north lawn of the library grounds and lasted a little over an hour.
The high school athletic season is upon us, and that means our weekly feature of the Wendy's Athletes of the Week is back for another year.
This week we salute Washburn Rural senior golfer Parker Beal and Washburn Rural sophomore softball player Kasey Hamilton.
Beal added another tournament championship to their stellar career resume with a first-place finish at the city championship and Topeka West Invitational on Monday at Topeka Country Club. Their 27-hole score of 112 was good for a two-shot victory and also helped the Junior Blues to the team title. It's the first city championship for Beal, who won the individual 6A state championship as a sophomore in 2015. We spoke to Parker about their winning round, the importance of the mental game of golf, the impending end of their competitive golf career, their dream foursome, and more.
Hamilton had a huge week last week for the Junior Blues, who have started 10-1 in 2018. In a double-header sweep of Emporia last Tuesday, they earned a win in the circle in the first game and blasted a grand slam in the second game. Then, on Friday against Manhattan, Hamilton hurled a no-hitter in the first game and then came in in relief to earn the win in the second game as the Junior Blues swept again. Hamilton has committed to play college softball at Valparaiso. We spoke to Kasey about what they love about softball, making an early college choice, what they were thinking about during their no-hitter, and more.
Funeral services for Lauralei Morgan Smith will be held Thursday, June 15, 2017 at 2 p.m. at Eastside Missionary Baptist Church in Minden with the Rev. Richard Methvin officiating. Interment will follow at Lane Memorial Cemetery in Sibley. The family will receive friends from 5 until 8 p.m. Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at Eastside Missionary Baptist Church.
Lauralei was born June 25, 1964 in Minden and entered into rest June 11, 2017 in Minden. They were a member of Eastside Missionary Baptist where they were overseer of the nursery, and anyone that had a child in the nursery knew they were in excellent care as they always loved other children as their own. Lauralei loved their family and was a devoted mother.
They were preceded in death by their husband Mark Earl Smith.
 They are survived by their mother, Olivia C. Morgan of Sibley, sons, Mark Earl Smith Jr. and Riley Tatum Smith of Sibley, sister, Bernadette Lopez of Minden, brothers, Homer Howard Morgan III of Minden and Mace Morgan and wife, Debbie of Sibley, sisters-in-law, Vicky MacIsaac Stewart and husband David, Linda B. Smith Dunlap and husband Gary, Michelle Smith Walker and husband Scott and numerous nieces, nephews, and friends.
Pallbearers will be Jeff Reynolds, Zebullon Pepper, Caleb Miller, Aubrey Reynolds, Nick Chandler and Josh McCormick.
Honorary pallbearers will be Mace Morgan and Billy Young.
When you look up the word faithful, you should find a picture of Lauralei Smith. They were faithful to them Lord, their family, and their friends. If something was going on at their church, you could be assured that Lauralei was somewhere in the background working. They were truly a kind person that cared!
Them death has left a void beyond measure in their precious family and in their church family. The only thing that will keep us going through this is our Lord and knowing that one day soon we will see our sweet friend again.
Related
Comments
comments
Photo: AFP
Frontrunners Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron will stage rival rallies in the French capital on Easter Monday with less than a week to go before the first round vote, while surprise package Jean Luc Mélenchon will take to the city's waterway.
The two frontrunners in the French presidential election, far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron, were staging rival rallies in Paris Monday, seeking to stay ahead of a fast-chasing pack just days before the vote.
After weeks of twists and turns, the unpredictable race has narrowed dramatically, with surveys suggesting four candidates are in contention to win one of the top two spots in the April 23 vote and progress to the run-off election a fortnight later.
Scandal-hit conservative Francois Fillon and radical leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon are steaming up behind the two frontrunners, and with around one in three of the French electorate still undecided, candidates are scrapping for every vote.
Le Pen and Macron, who have both scored as high as 25 percent in voter surveys, stood at 22 percent in the latest IPSOS poll, while Melenchon has surged to 20 percent and Fillon stands at 19.
EU 'protected us'
Melenchon's late surge -- and the possibility they could square off against Le Pen in the May 7 decider -- has sparked alarm over the future of the EU, as both candidates advocate withdrawing from the bloc for different reasons.
Outgoing President Francois Hollande weighed in on Saturday, saying Europe has "protected us against war" in the decades since World War II.
"Let us preserve it instead of scapegoating it," they said at a World War I centenary event in northern France.
Macron plans their biggest rally yet at the Bercy sports and concert hall, a venue with a capacity of 20,000.
The location near the economy ministry serves as a reminder that the relatively inexperienced Macron held the key economy portfolio for two years under their mentor Hollande.
The 39-year-old former Rothschild banker quit the Socialist government last year to form their "En Marche" ("On the Move") party and launch their bid for power as a candidate "neither of the left nor of the right".
En Marche says it has planned "1,000 events a day" including 163 public rallies until the official end of campaigning at midnight on Friday.
An aide to Macron said they would use Monday's event to hit back at Le Pen's accusation they are soft on Islamists.
"With Mr Macron, it would be Islamism on the move," Le Pen, 48, said on Saturday in response to revelations that one of Macron's top campaigners had criticised the Charlie Hebdo satirical weekly for publishing cartoons of the prophet Mohammed.
Le Pen's own rally will be at the 6,000-capacity Zenith concert hall in northeast Paris, with activists saying they plan protests outside the venue.
A protest is also expected in the southern port of Marseille on Wednesday where Le Pen plans another large rally.
Canal cruise
Jean-Luc #Melenchon stops off outside The Local's offices on their Easter Monday campaign canal cruise to be greeted by chants of 'resistance' pic.twitter.com/hQWNtiSTDO — The Local France (@TheLocalFrance) April 17, 2017
Melenchon, 65, plans a quirky event that will see them board a barge in a northeast suburb of the French capital and float down a canal, making five stops along the way to meet and greet supporters.
The voyage lasting more than five hours will end up at the Francois Mitterrand Library, a nod to the Socialist leader of the 1980s and early 1990s whom Melenchon references frequently in their stump speech as an icon of the left.
The founder of "La France Insoumise" ("Unbowed France") plans another form of multiple appearances on Tuesday, where they will hold a rally in central Dijon while their hologram will speak for them in six other cities.
For their part Fillon, dogged by a fake jobs scandal that has seen them charged with abuse of public funds, is vowing to pull off a victory that will "surprise the microcosm" arrayed against him.
They believe a small coterie of detractors mounted a campaign to smear them with the revelations that they put their wife Penelope on the public payroll with jobs that earned them hundreds of thousands of euros (dollars).
Fillon, who led the race for weeks before the scandal broke in late January, spent Easter weekend wooing the Catholic and conservative vote.
Conspicuous by their absence at the height of the scandal, the 63-year-old former prime minister has revved up their campaign appearances in the past week.
By AFP's Gina Doggett
April 3 China Best Group Holding Ltd-
* Resignation Of Chairman And Executive Director And Chairman Of Executive Committee
* Tan Xiangdong has resigned as chairperson of board and executive director of company
* Tan will also cease to be chairperson of executive committee of company Source text (bit.ly/2nz58fi) Further company coverage:
SM Adult Ringer Cotton Short Sleeve SKU: 170102-50760-1
Part No: BLE101
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart XL Adult Cotton Tall Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Short Sleeve V-Neck Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Heather Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Sheer Cap Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Sheer Cap Sleeve V-Neck Cotton Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 30/1 Slim Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50760
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50760-1Part No: BLE101Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50760Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: T-Shirts - Short Sleeve
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Bruce Lee with one of their iconic movie quotes from Enter the Dragon – “Don't Think, Feel!”
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | T-Shirts - Short Sleeve | Trev
Ex-trooper admits to overtime fraud amid ongoing probe
BOSTON (AP) — A former Massachusetts State trooper has pleaded guilty to receiving overtime pay for shifts they didn't work.
Court documents unsealed Tuesday show 47-year-old Gregory Raftery pleaded guilty to embezzling money from a state agency receiving federal funds.
Raftery is the fourth known person to be implicated in a sweeping federal investigation into overtime abuse at state police. Recently retired or suspended Troopers Paul Cesan, Gary Herman and David Wilson were arrested on the same charges last week.
Prosecutors say Raftery frequently left overtime shifts early or didn't work them at all and then wrote bogus traffic citations to cover it up. Prosecutors say Raftery was paid more than $30,000 for overtime hours that they didn't work in 2016.
Raftery's lawyer didn't immediately respond to an email.
The two-day delay between the outbreak of violence at white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia and President Donald Trump's short remarks Monday calling out the “KKK, neo-Nazis, [and] white supremacists” by name was sharply criticized by their critics and allies alike.
The far-right extremists supportive of the “Unite The Right” rally, held Saturday to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, took notice, too.
In delaying an explicit condemnation of hate groups and initially criticizing “many sides” involved in the conflict, white nationalists said, the President provided political cover and allowed counter-protesters to share blame for the violence, which turned deadly when a man who'd espoused white supremacist views drove their car into the crowd, killing one woman and injuring at least 19 others.
“As they pointed out, there was violence and malice on both sides, and to pretend somehow that there was only violence on one side or hostility on one side, that's just wrong,” Jared Taylor, head of white nationalist publication American Renaissance, told TPM. “Joe Biden said there's only one side. Well, wait a minute, if the counter-demonstrators had not showed up, there would have been no violence at all. It takes two to do this.”
In a blog post about the rally, Taylor wrote that, “Of all people, it was Donald Trump who came the closest to getting it right” in their response.
William Johnson, head of the white nationalist American Freedom Party, who bankrolled robocalls for Trump during the campaign, shared a similar interpretation of Trump's Monday remarks.
“Donald Trump's most recent condemnation of racism was also good and was appropriate as the head of our entire country,” Johnson wrote TPM in an email. “I note that they condemned all racism INCLUDING that coming from the KKK and neo-nazis. The use of the word ‘including' indicates that they believe there is a larger, over-arching source of racism besides those groups named.”
Johnson went on to say they believe white people face more racism than non-whites.
“This is because whites have, by and large, been conditioned to suppress racist thoughts,” they wrote. “Saturday's deadly act in Charlotteville [sic] by the angry white driver with the lead foot proves this fact. Acts of violence by whites are proportionally fewer that by many other groups. Their act sets the nationalist movement back considerably.”
“I am pleased with what Donald Trump said,” Johnson added. “The only solution for the festering racism of this country is separation and the creation of a white ethnostate.”
Hundreds of avowed white nationalists and neo-Nazis from across the country descended on the small Virginia college town armed with metal rods, swastika flags, helmets and shields. Some wore Ku Klux Klan hoods. They were escorted by heavily armed, camouflage-clad militia members.
As they marched through the streets making Nazi salutes and chanting “blood and soil,” bloody scuffles broke out between them and the counter-protesters and anti-fascist demonstrators who turned out to take a stand against the message of “Unite the Right.”
Trump initially sent out a few vague tweets condemning “all this hate” and calling the events in Charlottesville “sad.” After white nationalist James Alex Fields, Jr. drove their car into the crowd, killing anti-racist protester Heather Heyer and severely injuring other marchers, Trump made a brief televised statement condemning the “hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
White nationalist leaders immediately seized on the vagueness of those comments.
“Trump comments were good. They didn't attack us,” Andrew Anglin, founder of neo-Nazi site the Daily Stormer, wrote in a post. “He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us.”
“He said they love us all,” Anglin continued. “Also refused to answer a question about White Nationalists supporting him. No condemnation at all. When asked to condemn, they just walked out of the room. Really, really good. God bless him.”
Richard Spencer, the head of the white nationalist National Policy Institute who is best known for shouting “Hail victory!” at a gathering held shortly after Trump's election, also pointed out that the President's remarks were left wide open to interpretation.
“Did Trump just denounce antifa?” Spencer asked, using shorthand for the anti-fascist movement.
Did Trump just denounce antifa? https://t.co/jOgiw4pPzK — Richard ☝🏻Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) August 12, 2017
Or did Trump denounce the state police that cracked down on peacefully and lawfully assembled demonstrators? https://t.co/jOgiw4pPzK — Richard ☝🏻Spencer (@RichardBSpencer) August 12, 2017
For 48 hours after the attack in Charlottesville, Trump let the statements of other officials speak for him, as they often did during the campaign. Their daughter Ivanka, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and others issued much more forceful comments explicitly blaming white nationalists for instigating the weekend's events and labelling the car attack an act of domestic terrorism.
It was only after a non-stop chorus of condemnation rang out on the cable news networks and among Republican senators that Trump finally came out and made their own brief statement Monday afternoon calling racism “evil.”
Asked what they believed accounted for the delay, American Renaissance's Taylor said they couldn't “speculate.”
“He just seems to be more basically fair-minded about how it takes two to do this and it was the other side who succeeded in completely shutting down what was intended to be a peaceful rally,” Taylor said. “Why is no one else capable of seeing that?”
Light interacts with matter all the time. Blue skies, green leaves, and the colors of the rainbow all come about because of the scattering of light. But light doesn't scatter off itself. In fact, under Maxwell's equations, which originally defined electromagnetism, light can't scatter off itself.
As with many other things, however, quantum mechanics showed that what we thought was impossible is possible: a photon can, technically, scatter off another photon. But that was recognized back in the 1930s, and we've not been able to confirm that it actually happens.
Until now, that is.
Researchers from the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider have found evidence that photons can scatter in cases in which lead atoms barely miss each other. The scattering could provide an independent test of whether there are particles in addition to those predicted by the Standard Model.
In theory...
Scattering is the product of electromagnetic interactions. For photons, this generally occurs because they can interact with charged particles. Since photons themselves aren't charged, it's impossible for them to interact with each other under classical physics.
But we live in a world where quantum mechanics rules, and quantum mechanics provides photons a way to interact. That interaction involves a loop of what are called virtual particles, which appear out of the fabric of space and rapidly disappear again, though they can interact with other particles during their brief existence. In this case, the two photons enter into a cycle in which they interact with a charged virtual particle. The virtual particle is gone in the end, but so are the original two photons. In their place are two new ones, moving in different directions.
This replacement turns out to be more significant than it sounds. The number of possible cycles that can involve the photons is a product of the number of charged particles that exist. So, the more particles out there, the more likely this sort of scattering is. Which means that, if we see a large difference from Standard Model predictions, that's a strong indication that there are additional charged particles that we've yet to discover.
So, we've a strong motivation for trying to observe photon-photon scattering. But, after over 80 years, no obvious route has existed for doing so. The sorts of energies and densities of light needed were beyond the reach of even extremely powerful lasers. Various means of approaching the issue indirectly had been tried, but there was no obvious route to a clear detection.
Theory to practice
This is where theorists provided an extremely useful contribution. Last year, they published a paper suggesting that CERN's Large Hadron Collider could produce the desired effect. That's because, when the collider runs using lead atoms instead of hydrogen, it can produce lots of virtual photons. There was just one catch: the lead atoms couldn't collide.
The secret turned out to be the relatively high charge of the lead atoms, which are completely stripped of electrons before being accelerated in the LHC. This creates a very intense electromagnetic field in their immediate vicinity. These fields effectively act as a collection of virtual photons. As the team from the LHC's ATLAS detector phrase it, "the colliding lead nuclei can be treated as a beam of quasi-real photons with a small virtuality."
Technically, if two lead ions collide, these fields get a brief chance to interact immediately before the collision (extremely brief, given that relativistic effects squash them as flat as a pancake). But the collision and ensuing debris produce photons in abundance, so it would be nearly impossible to identify photon scattering in the mess of debris that followed. Instead, the ATLAS team relies on near misses—cases where the two ions passed in close proximity, allowing their electromagnetic fields to interact.
So, what the team was looking for was a detection in which two photons were picked up by the hardware, but there were no signs of a collision. Conveniently, during the 2015 run of the LHC, the ATLAS team has specifically saved some events in which there was some activity in specific detector hardware but little sign of any particles. The team then identified and got rid of any cases in which electrons or muons were also present, since these could generate photons. The researchers also limited their search to photons in a specific energy range, since photons are hard to produce through processes that normally occur at the LHC's energies. To get rid of additional background events, the authors also set strict time limits so that the photons could not be produced by the decay of some other particle.
These restrictions were so stringent that the authors estimated that the entire 2015 run of lead collisions should only produce 2.6 events that pass their criteria. Instead, they identified 13 events, which is 4.4 standard deviations higher. That's not quite enough for announcing discovery (which requires five standard deviations), but it's extremely suggestive, especially given the low level of background noise in the experiment.
Why not analyze 2016's data? The possibility exists that they simply don't have any. The LHC produces far more collisions than we can record, so it has what are called "triggers:" signatures of interesting events that indicate they're worth saving. Given that this trigger fired when there wasn't a collision, chances are that it wasn't a high priority to maintain once the LHC ramped up to lots of high-energy collisions.
But this paper makes a strong case for making it a priority in future years. By the end of 2018, the people running the LHC expect that they'll be producing twice the number of lead ion collisions, and further upgrades are planned during the 2020s. It's also possible to modify the detector slightly to cover a larger range of energy in the photons. With enough data, we could not only confirm that photon-photon scattering occurs (after an 80+ year wait); we could tell how well its rate matches the predictions of the Standard Model. And thus have another test for physics beyond the Standard Model.
Nature Physics, 2017. DOI: 10.1038/nphys4208 (About DOIs).
NEW YORK (AP) - In Washington, even a name change is fraught with political drama.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is pushing to be referred to as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, a surface level, but notable change for the agency tasked with protecting consumers against debt collectors and banks.
Officials say the change reflects the bureau's legal name, but critics say it underscores the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney took over. The 2010 Dodd-Frank Act did create a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" but that name has rarely been used, except occasionally in court filings.
Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting the regulations and policies the Obama administration put in place, and has also reduced the number of enforcement actions it has taken.
A few days back I wrote about how GTK+ 4.0 is being talked about for release this year and now a bit more specific timeline is in place.The past few days prior to FOSDEM in Brussels was a GTK+ hackfest. Among the items discussed when not banging on code was a GTK+ 4.0 road-map and coming out of this event in Belgium is a more solid understanding now that the initial GTK+ 4.0 release will be targeted for the fall of this year. There isn't any firm release plan at this time but at GUADEC (taking place in Spain this summer) they will revisit their plans to verify they can still ship this fall.It sounds yet to be decided whether for their "fall" target if they would try aligning the GTK+ 4.0 release with the GNOME 3.30 milestone this September or come after that point.Following the GTK+ 4.0 release, it sounds like they will start working on GTK+ 5.0 right away.Those interested in learning more about what was discussed at this week's GTK+ hackfest can find the notes via the GNOME Wiki
SAN DIEGO – Methamphetamine abuse contributed to a record number of deaths in the San Diego area last year, according to a government study released Monday.
A total of 377 fatalities linked to the highly addictive drug occurred locally in 2016, on average one every 23 hours, the report by the San Diego County Methamphetamine Strike Force reveals. The tally was the highest in a single year and 66 more than in 2015.
“The trend line is very alarming and continues to head in the wrong direction,” said Dianne Jacob, chairperson of the county Board of Supervisors. “Meth is taking a terrible toll on more and more San Diego families, and we must step up our efforts to fight this killer and connect more people with treatment programs.”
Among other findings in the document:
— There were 12,595 emergency room visits due to methamphetamine in 2015, compared with 10,254 in 2014 (data from 2016 will not be available until next year);
— A total of 4,689 people were admitted to county-funded treatment programs due to abuse of the narcotic last year, vs. 4,564 in 2015;
— Fifty-six percent of adult arrestees tested positive for methamphetamine in 2016, as compared with 49 percent the previous year;
— The number of juvenile arrestees jumped from 8 percent in 2015 to 14 percent in 2016;
— Arrests for selling and possession of methamphetamine increased to 8,428 in 2016 from 6,849 the year before; and
— The price of the illegal substance dropped from $360-$600 per ounce in 2015 to $250-$450 last year.
San Diego County has had a long history with methamphetamine and the problems that come with it. While no longer considered the “meth capital of the world” as it had been decades ago, authorities say the region has more of the drug available than in prior years, and it is more potent and cheaper than ever.
The highly addictive and often deadly narcotic is being manufactured and smuggled into the country by Mexican drug cartels. Monday, most of the methamphetamine in San Diego County comes from south of the border.
In addition to prosecuting smugglers, some of whom use children to transport methamphetamine, law enforcement is focusing on dealers who distribute the drug in local neighborhoods. Prosecutors review overdose death cases, identifying the involved dealers and holding them accountable for their actions when someone dies, and programs like Drug Court, Veterans Court and Homeless Court offer abusers avenues for getting clean and sober.
“Sending addicts to jail or prison without addressing their addiction problems does not solve the drug problem in our community,” District Attorney Summer Stephan said.
“The increased availability and potency have contributed to more meth- related deaths, more emergency room visits and more problems for individual users and their families,” said Nick Macchione, director of the county Health and Human Services Agency. “Many of the people who are dying are middle age, have been using meth for a long time and also have other serious health conditions.”
The county funds residential and outpatient treatment programs across the region to help people recover from addiction.
“Drug treatment is available, and recovery is possible,” said Alfredo Aguirre, director of the HHSA Behavioral Health Services. “Family members and loved ones should know that treatment can improve lives.”
People experiencing a drug addiction or who want to anonymously report drug activity are encouraged to call (877) NO-2-METH or visit the website no2meth.org. Treatment is also available via the county Access and Crisis Line, (888) 724-7240, or by calling 211.
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
© AP Photo/ Gurinder Osan India Advances Talks on Missile Sale to Vietnam Despite China's Caution
–
New Delhi (Sputnik)"China had lodged a solemn representation with India to not have any official contact with Taiwan. China has always opposed any kind of official contact between Taiwan and any countries that have diplomatic ties with China," Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Geng Shung told media.
Geng further added that, "We hope that India would understand and respect China's core concerns and stick to the One China principle and prudently deal with Taiwan related issues and maintain sound and steady development of India-China relations."
However, India has dismissed that the visit of delegations from Taiwanese is not new phenomena and such informal groups have visited earlier also.
"We understand that a group of Taiwanese academics and business persons, including a couple of legislators, is visiting India. Such informal groups have visited India in the past as well for business, religious and tourist purposes. I understand that they do so to China as well. There is nothing new or unusual about such visits and political meanings should not be read into them, “Spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs Vikas Swarup said on Wednesday.
A Taiwanese delegation has arrived in India on Monday for a three days visit.
India and Taiwan has cordial relations but have no formal diplomatic ties. There is only a Taipei Economic and Cultural Center in New Delhi.
India's relations with Taiwan and Tibet have been a bone of contention between India and China as China considers it against its One-China Policy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
NEW YORK (AP) — From easy-to-clean floors to a grooming room to a color palette toned for dog and cat eyes, a building rising in New York is clearly a place for pets.
But it's not an animal hospital or a doggy daycare. Rather, it's what organizers say is the nation's first domestic violence shelter custom-built for victims to keep their pets in their apartments.
Expected to open in October and house up to 100 people, it builds on a growing roster of shelters that accommodate animals so their owners won't hesitate to leave abusive homes. Organizers say it's the first specifically designed for every apartment to house people with pets.
“By doing so from the ground up, with not only humans in mind but pets in mind, it's going to allow for a fuller recovery for pets and the entire family,” says Dr. Kurt Venator, chief veterinary officer of Nestle Purina PetCare Co., which is contributing supplies and expertise to the $20 million project.
The Urban Resource Institute, a shelter operator, is running the facility, financed through private donations and some government support.
Studies have documented links between domestic violence and animal cruelty and have noted some victims' reluctance to leave without their pets. Some fear their abusers will retaliate by harming the animals.
The number of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters nationwide has grown from four in 2008 to dozens in recent years. But about 97 percent of shelters still don't accept pets, according to Urban Resource Institute CEO Nathaniel Fields. (Some of them do help arrange foster care.)
URI has opened 52 pet-friendly apartments around New York City in the last four years but still got about 350 more requests than it could fulfill.
Advocates for pet-friendly shelters have faced questions about whether accommodating animals siphons focus and resources from abused people, or how people who fear for their lives can think about their pets.
But for many victims, Fields says, “it's not an either-or.”
Hope Dawson adopted their dog, Coco, to cheer up their two children after they awoke to sounds of thrown objects crashing and then saw police lead their boyfriend away from their Houston home in December 2015. They soon decided to move to New York to get away from him.
They had savings and a housing voucher but couldn't find an apartment and eventually moved with their kids into a no-pets shelter. An agency agreed to board Coco for 30 days; after that, the family would have to consider giving them up. Dawson still gets emotional thinking what that would have been like for kids who had already been through a lot.
“The way they just looks and interacts with us and makes us feel so comforted and cared for, that was something that would not be able to be replaced, and we needed it so much,” says Dawson, 32. “When they were reunited with us, it really did bring that light back into our situation.”
URI's facilities have welcomed 118 animals in four years — cats, dogs, turtles, birds, fish, a guinea pig and a bearded dragon.
The new seven-story, 30-apartment shelter will have a shared pet-grooming room and a secluded dog park, so residents fearful of abusers finding them don't have to leave to walk dogs.
Windows won't open wide enough for cats to get out, but there may be shelves so felines can look outside. Flooring won't be too slippery or too sticky for paws. Paint won't be bright white, as some manmade white materials may appear fluorescent to cats and dogs, Venator said.
Dawson, meanwhile, moved their family into its own apartment after six months in shelter. She's working as a ride-hailing service driver, their kids are in middle school, and Coco is doing well.
“When life happens and it comes at you really hard, having a pet,” they say, “really does help.”
___
Online: Urban Resource Institute pet-friendly shelter program: http://urinyc.org/program/uripals/
Comments
comments
Four years ago, Chelsea fell head first onto the hardwood floor at their college. They had a seizure and stopped breathing, causing an anoxic injury – when the brain is damaged from not receiving enough oxygen.
Before the accident, Chelsea experienced a level of anger similar to any other person. They had certainly never been aggressive. But ever since, they have grappled with mood swings and can't contain their rage or impulses.
"I have really bad anger problems now. I can be fine one second and when the slightest inconvenience happens I'd be throwing and breaking things," said Chelsea, a pseudonym we are using to protect them identity.
"One time was that I was really pissed off about not being able to go back to school. I really wanted to go and try and get my old life back… I was screaming, throwing things. My mum was yelling and I start getting physical with her, and then my dad stepped in and out of nowhere I punched them in the face."
Chelsea's story is not unique. Behaviour changes after brain injuries have been well documented for many years.
There are cases of people recovering from a brain damage with a new talent, or even in some cases, an accent from a foreign country, like this woman who survived a stroke only to acquire a Chinese accent.
Sometimes, brain damage can create a criminal.
On 1 August 1966, Charles Whitman infamously became the "Texas Tower Sniper". They killed their mother and wife with knives, then climbed up the tower at the University of Texas and started randomly shooting at people for 96 minutes.
They killed 14 and injured 31 others, before they were gunned down.
During their autopsy, doctors found a tumour on their brain. It is indeterminable whether the tumour caused Whitman to act the way they did, but the autopsy report concluded it was certainly a possibility.
Injuries can be linked to areas of the brain that control morals
Whitman's story, and others like it, intrigued Ryan Darby, a professor of neurology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee.
"Cases like this raise a question," they told Business Insider. "What is it about brain lesions in different areas that could lead to this behaviour?"
In a recent study, Darby and their team looked at 17 cases where people appeared to behave normally, then started committing crimes after changes to their brain like a tumour or an injury.
They wanted to see if lesions in certain areas of the brain were associated with criminal behaviour, but the results were inconsistent.
However, when they looked at whether lesions were connected to the same area of the brain, they started to see a pattern.
"Even though all the brain lesions were in different parts of the brain, they were all connected to the same brain network," Darby said. "Our idea is that after an injury in one location, other parts of the brain become dysfunctional."
Areas they saw the lesions in were the anterior temporal lobe, the ventromedial frontal cortex, the amygdala, and the nucleus accumbens. These are all areas connected to morals, value decision making, reward and punishment.
"Those were the processes we thought would be important for what keeps a normal person from committing crimes," Darby said.
There are studies linking brain damage to crime
Brain injuries typically result in having problems with "executive skills," explained Huw Williams, a professor of clinical neuropsychology and co-director of the Centre for Clinical Neuropsychology Research at Exeter University in Britain.
These skills include planning ahead, thinking things through, managing impulses, and memory.
When you're dealing with such a complicated organ like the brain, it takes decades of research to pinpoint what exactly might be happening.
There still isn't strong research to suggest you can completely determine the way someone will behave depending on what their brain scans look like.
What is certain is that in a community sample of the UK population, analysed by Williams, about 10 percent will have had some kind of brain injury at some point.
In the prison population, this number jumps dramatically to somewhere between 50 and 70 percent. This trend is echoed in the US and South Africa
"This doesn't mean necessarily that head injury equals crime," Williams pointed out. "It might, but also it might be coincidental, because if you've got a violent life, and you crash cars, you're likely to get a head injury at some point."
A team at Oxford University tried to shed some light on this question in a 35-year population study in Sweden led by Psychiatrist Seena Fazel.
Results showed that overall, Swedes had a 2.5 percent chance of becoming violent offenders. If they had a head injury on their records, that rose to 9 percent.
To make allowances for the fact brain injuries could be a result of upbringing, the researchers also looked at the siblings of those with brain damage – they had a 4.5 percent chance of becoming offenders too.
In other words, the Oxford research shows that people have nearly double the chance of becoming violent offenders if they something in their upbringing, genetics, or environment predisposes it. Add a head injury on top of that, then the risk is doubled again.
Criminals might not be getting the right rehabilitation
Brain injuries are not easy to recover from. If memory is damaged, for example, patients will easily forget everything they have learned about how to behave. Or they might struggle to contain their outbursts of anger, like Chelsea does.
This is more pronounced among criminals, Williams said, partly because they are not getting the right rehabilitation.
When they switched to academia from clinical work, they were asked to supervise a student's work looking into whether prisoners had post-traumatic stress disorder.
"I gave a workshop in a local prison, to get an idea of the nature of the environment… and one of the prisoners had an area of skull missing," Williams said.
"This was probably because he'd had a head injury and hadn't had follow-up surgery to put in a titanium plate to replace the missing part of their skull probably removed to release pressure on the brain.
"He asked me why they had these funny feelings in their body that were quite nice, when they pressed themselves on that area – and it was because they were pressing on the sensory motor strip. They were told they needed more surgery, and to take care with the area."
After that, Williams became aware that the medical and neurological needs of the prison population probably weren't being met.
"A lot of people who are in the system seem to have head injuries," they said.
"That complicates their rehabilitation, which means there is a lot of re-offending. That may be because the present system isn't necessarily well geared towards rehabilitation yet, especially neuro-rehabilitation where you have to remind people when to do things, and how to do them."
Williams and their team started projects where they helped prison staff work with young people with brain injuries. So far the outcomes have been very promising because young people are more able to participate in their own improvement.
For example, for those with injuries to the left side of the brain, who have trouble remembering what they have been told, were given visual cues instead. "It's about trying to find a way of helping and working with the population more effectively," Williams said.
Neurology can be used in someone's defence
When the law comes into it, things get even more complicated. Defence attorneys have a duty to defend their clients with rigour, and so they keep up with the latest research to help minimise their punishment.
In some cases, this means zealously claiming their client was neurologically predisposed to acting the way they did. It isn't their fault, they may claim, because their brains are just wired that way.
Judith Edersheim is the co-founder and co-director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Centre for Law, Brain and Behaviour. It's an organisation that is helping bring science into the courtroom, by separating the fringe ideas from the theories that are a lot more established.
"It's very hard to tell [the difference] when neuroscience itself is so new," Edersheim told Business Insider. "And there are some features of brain science that make it perhaps more alluring and look more probative than it should be."
It's important to make the distinction because law and science behave in conflicting ways. Science is evolutionary like "building blocks", where you make assumptions and test them, then talk about the limitations of your studies and invite other scientists to do the same.
Law is not like that. In a courtroom, the outcome is final, and somebody's life is going to change. So you have to be pretty certain of your evidence.
But when applied sparingly, looking carefully at the condition of an individual rather a collective, neuroscientific evidence can be a useful defence tool.
If a person is accused of a violent crime, there may be attributes of that person's brain which would explain abhorrent violent behaviour, like a tumour in the brain's frontal lobe. That would be a well-founded reason that somebody's neurology could contribute to their defence.
One of the most successful defences along these lines was a case of an obstetrician in New York, Allan Zarkin, who started behaving peculiarly at work. They became unusually angry, and was short and provocative with the nursing staff.
Zarkin performed a cesarean section on a patient, delivering a healthy baby. They then carved their initials "AZ" into their abdomen. When asked about it, they simply said they thought they should sign it because they did such a good job.
After an investigation, doctors discovered that Zarkin had progressive Pick's disease, a frontal lobe dementia similar to Alzheimer's, which catastrophically disrupted their ability to plan, contain himself, and behave socially appropriately.
Zarkin wasn't convicted, due to the medical diagnosis, but their licence was revoked.
In another case, a 40-year-old man who began looking at child pornography and propositioning prostitutes at massage parlours – behaviour that was completely out of character.
They were eventually kicked out by their wife and found guilty of child molestation.
But while awaiting jail, they complained of a terrible headache and was admitted to hospital. That's when a large, egg-sized tumour was detected in the right lobe of the orbitofrontal cortex in their brain. Surgeons immediately removed it, and after that the pedophilic urges disappeared.
They successfully completed a Sexaholics Anonymous programme and was allowed to return home.
But it's not possible to defend everyone
These two cases are extreme, and the cause and effect are easily identifiable. But when brain damage is less severe, it is difficult to draw definitive conclusions about how it can impact behaviour.
This becomes even more complicated when you look group data.
Research may show certain brain patterns or injuries that are loosely associated with certain types of behaviour, but then the lawyer has to correlate that with the defendant's characteristics.
For example, you may have a whole set of brain scans of people who have committed violent crimes, and a pattern has been detected by researchers. You then have to show where the defendant fits into that group data.
"Crime is about behaviour, and the trial is about the mental state of the person who is sitting in front of you," Edersheim explained.
"If you say someone has a propensity for violence, someone who has killed their wife for example, why is your propensity for violence only towards your wife? The individuated questions will dominate."
Without the specifics, the behaviour is explained by motive. For now, at least, there are too many vulnerabilities in the neurological evidence for it to be used effectively.
Neuroscience's contribution to criminal behaviour is still in its infancy, Edersheim said. Researchers are building on what they have to try and map out what makes a criminal mind, but there is still a lot they do not know.
Only when the science is a lot more concrete can it be used with confidence as a defence.
Researchers are still piecing the puzzle together
With Chelsea, they don't know the next time they will lose control. Last time the police were called but no charges were brought against them
If they ever commits a violent crime, though, it looks unlikely that the evidence of their post-injury behavioural changes will be strong enough to help them
A neurologist and psychiatrist have both said their behaviour is a result of their brain damage, but they aren't convinced of any of the treatment they offer them
"When I get angry like that I literally have no control. It's almost like the fight or flight response turns on and I choose to fight for no reason. It's not even like I enjoy attacking people or getting worked up like that… it just happens," they said.
"They put me on mood medication, but I don't see the point in taking it. I see it as my brain is physically damaged, not chemically imbalanced. Then again, I could just misunderstand all of this."
Of course, not everyone with a brain injury will become a criminal. As Darby explained, brain lesions may predispose someone to criminal behaviour, but that certainly doesn't mean everyone becomes an offender.
As for those who suddenly acquire a propensity for violence from less serious injuries, like Chelsea, they are still awaiting answers.
This article was originally published by Business Insider.
More from Business Insider:
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
ROTA, Spain (AP) - Spain looks set to take charge of the European Union's anti-piracy operation off Somalia despite a challenge from Italy, as EU countries continue to pick over the spoils left by Britain's departure from the bloc next year.
With Brexit due in just 11 months, Spain wants to host the headquarters for the EUNAVFOR Atalanta operation at its southern port of Rota - where U.S. troops are also stationed. It would form part of a joint effort that would see France assume responsibility for a parallel civilian maritime surveillance facility based in Brest.
Italy, which narrowly lost its bid to host the EU's banking authority - another agency leaving Britain for the Netherlands next year - in a tiebreaker, entered the running late and its candidacy appears dwarfed by the offer from two of Europe's historic naval powers. Still, time is running out for a decision to be made, and EU countries are concerned that a potentially embarrassing vote might be required to break the deadlock.
Launched in 2008, as Somali pirates were wreaking havoc in some of the world's busiest shipping lanes, hijacking vessels and taking hostages, the agency has been run from Northwood, just outside London. An estimated 95 percent of EU trade by volume passes through or near the Gulf of Aden.
Its mission, Spanish Defense Minister Maria Dolores Cospedal said, "requires an exclusively dedicated (operational headquarters) allowing a strategic direction and control in a geographical area of great interest for Europe."
In a show of its prowess this week aimed at convincing senior EU diplomats, military advisers and experts of Rota's suitability, Spain's armed forces put on a major naval and air show off its southern coast, in waters near Britain's territory of Gibraltar.
Warships launched jump jets, attack and transport helicopters while special forces were deployed in fast boat teams and parachuted into the Mediterranean in an exercise aimed at repelling a pirate raid and rescuing hostages.
Spain has been involved in the EU's anti-piracy operation in the Gulf of Aden since the beginning and as its biggest military contributor claims to know EUNAVFOR inside out.
"We find it truly important to maintain the EU's ability to command and control operations," said Spain's defense chief, General Fernando Alejandre Martinez. "Brexit would affect all this, but we stand ready to fill the gap left by Northwood."
The HQ at Rota, they said, would be able to command any kind of EU security or defense mission.
But the decision is not a foregone conclusion and the EU must make up its mind soon. Officials calculate that the headquarters move will take around 9 months, and it is hoped that Italy will withdraw its bid next month so that no potentially divisive vote becomes necessary and the transfer can be completed before Brexit at the end of March 2019.
It all appears a lot of work for very little, as the mandate for EUNAVFOR expires at the end of this year. But Spain and France are banking on it being renewed amid growing instability in Somalia.
In any case, for senior EU officials, Spain's naval credentials are impeccable.
"It was from this part of Spain that actually the trans-Atlantic adventure was launched five centuries ago," said Pedro Serrano, a top EU official running the bloc's security operations and crisis response.
Spain, they said, "is contributing with a depth of history and experience that will probably help Europe be what it needs to be in confronting today's challenges."
Cheltenham Town Ladies travelled to Women's Super League side Oxford United for their penultimate pre-season friendly and their toughest opposition to date.
Oxford started with a mixture of development and reserve players, and were quick and incisive with their passing, putting Cheltenham Ladies under pressure.
But the visitors started to settle into the game and create their own chances.
Indebted to some great saves by keeper, Bec Panniers, Cheltenham rode their luck, but still played with good purpose, and kept their composure.
From a breakdown from an Oxford attack, Cheltenham counter attacked, and Ria Salleh scored with a smart finish, 1-0 to Cheltenham, which is the way the first half finished.
Oxford, then swapped their entire team for a mixture of 1st team squad players, their quality was evident from the start of the second half.
Cheltenham stuck to their game, but the pressure finally told in the 65th minute, as Oxford levelled with a smart finish.
Further goals in the 73rd and 80th minutes, saw the home side win an exciting and competitive friendly,
Robins manager Graham Fletcher said: "I thought we played really well in the first half.
"We rode our luck a little, but then started to create our own chances.
"Our goal was the least we deserved, as it could easily have been more.
"It's a compliment to my team when the opposition change their team at half time, and Oxford were very good.
"We started to tire, but continued to compete.
"It was great to play Oxford United, their manager, Andy Cook was very complimentary after the game."
Cheltenham play their final pre-season friendly on Tuesday night when they entertain Evesham United (7.30pm) at Petersfield Park.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
On Monday, retired American basketball star Dennis Rodman urged US President Donald Trump to send them to North Korea to help ease the tension between the US and Kim Jong-un's reclusive and authoritarian state.
Rodman had recently planned a trip to Pyongyang, which would have been their sixth visit to the country, after finishing an interview in Beijing. However, they claim that US officials discouraged them from traveling to North Korea.
"Basically they said it's not a good time right now," Rodman said on Monday, the Guardian reported.
A US State Department ban on US citizens visiting North Korea was enforced in September after the death of Otto Warmbier, an American student who was detained in North Korea for more than a year for attempting to steal a propaganda poster from their hotel. Warmbier died shortly after returning to the US from what the North Koreans claimed was botulism; Warmbier's parents allege their death resulted from mistreatment during their captivity.
Rodman first visited North Korea in 2013 and struck a friendship with Kim Jong-un, they say.
"If I can go back over there… you'll see me talking to him, and sitting down and having dinner, a glass of wine, laughing and doing my thing. I guess things will settle down a bit and everybody can rest at ease," the 56-year-old former NBA player said.
"I think a lot of people around the world… want me to go just to see if I can do something," they added.
Rodman claims that they have been trying to talk to Trump about North Korea for a while now.
"I've been trying to tell Donald since day one: ‘Come talk to me, man… I'll tell you what ‘the Marshal' [Rodman's nickname for the North Korean leader] wants more than anything… It's not even that much."
When the Guardian asked what ‘The Marshal' wants, Rodman responded, "I ain't telling you… I will tell [Trump] when I see him."
According to Simon Cockerell, the general manager of Beijing-based Koryo Tours, who travels to North Korea regularly, Rodman might be a good candidate for the job.
"I think the effectiveness [of citizen diplomacy] is quite low in the macro sense, because the issues tend to be big issues — weapons tests, sanctions and so on," Cockerell said, LA Times reported.
"Dennis is the right guy for the job. Because they don't look like the cartoon Americans painted on the walls of schools — they don't have claws for hands, or anything like that. He's an unusual-looking dude, and they show there's more diversity on the outside than they're willing to believe."
StampNews.com hurries to present to your attention a new stamp in the Black Heritage stamp series that is dedicated to a legendary entertainer and activist Lena Horne. This is the 41st stamp issue in the Black Heritage series that is devoted to some famous black activists.
The stamp art features a photograph taken by Christian Steiner in the 1980s. Kristen Monthei colorized the black-and-white photograph.
Lena Horne is well-known as one of America's great interpreters of popular songs and as a trailblazer in Hollywood for women of color. They used their personal elegance, charisma, and fame to become an important spokesperson for civil rights. The combination of Horne's disarming talent and fierce individuality created a powerful force in breaking down racial barriers in Hollywood and beyond.
“Today, we honor the 70-year career of a true American legend,” said Deputy Postmaster General Ronald Stroman, who dedicated the stamp. “With this Forever stamp, the Postal Service celebrates a woman who used their platform as a renowned entertainer to become a prolific voice for civil rights advancement and gender equality.”
Horne's daughter Gail Lumet Buckley believes their mother would be proud to be put alongside the other members of the USPS Black Heritage Stamp Series.
A dog in Travis County has tested positive for canine flu. The case here is one of five cases statewide being monitored by the Texas A&M Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Laboratory. The other cases are in Harris County and Hood County.
Dr. Cheryl Maguire, who works at the A&M lab, tells KUT's Nathan Bernier that almost all dogs exposed to the virus will become infected, but only 80 percent develop clinical signs. The signs are similar to symptoms of the human flu.
“For most dogs, they're going to recover and do fine after a few weeks of feeling pretty bad,” Maguire said. They added that some cases do require hospitalization, and in still others, the dog dies.
Canine flu is spread through exposure to other dogs. Animals that visit boarding facilities, dog parks and grooming salons have a greater risk for being exposed to the virus.
“Regarding their pet's lifestyle and their risk as far as what they do with their dog and places they take it, that sort of thing, their risk would be higher if they are at places like dog parks or dog shows,” Maguire said.
They recommend that people who are concerned about their dog's health consult with their pet's veterinarian.
There have been no reports of dog flu being spread to humans.
Nebraska Game and Parks will provide special enforcement patrols focusing on state recreation areas this summer, in Gage and Lancaster counties. Reducing alcohol related vehicle and boating accidents are the primary goals of the effort, which is funded through a state transportation grant and runs through September.
This comes after Vladimir Putin said last month that efforts to end the war are entering a 'new stage' as the focus shifts from military intervention to political reforms
Published 7:03 AM, December 12, 2017
ANKARA, Turkey / MOSCOW, Russia – Russian President Vladimir Putin held talks with their Turkish counterpart in Ankara on Monday, December 11, for the last leg of a day-long diplomatic dash, during which they ordered the partial withdrawal of Russia's troops from the war-torn country.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan met Putin at their presidential complex in Ankara for a closed-door meeting.
This is the 8th face-to-face meeting between Putin and Erdoğan this year, a sign of the intensity of a relationship that had hit rock bottom in November 2015 when Turkey shot down a Russian war plane over Syria.
Putin was welcomed earlier in the day at Russia's Hmeimim airbase by Syria's President Bashar al-Assad on a surprise first visit to the country.
In a televised speech to Russian troops, Putin said they had ordered their Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu to start a partial withdrawal.
"I have taken a decision: a significant part of the Russian troop contingent located in Syria is returning home to Russia," they said at the base in Latakia Province, a government stronghold.
Russia first intervened in the conflict in 2015, staging air strikes in support of Assad which targeted both the Islamic State group (ISIS) and other jihadists as well as rebels fighting government troops.
Putin said the troops had helped the Syrian army crush the "most battle-ready group of international terrorists," apparently referring to ISIS.
"On the whole the task has been completed. And completed brilliantly."
'Our homeland thanks you'
Putin said last month that efforts to end the war were entering a "new stage" as the focus shifted from military intervention to political reforms.
They said both Hmeimim and Russia's naval facility in Tartus would continue to function and warned that Russia would repel any new attacks by militants.
Putin made the Syria stopover, the first by a Russian head of state since president Dmitry Medvedev visited in 2010, en route to Egypt, where they met with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, one of Ankara's prime foes in recent years.
Putin thanked the troops for defending Russia from terrorism and helping Syria remain a "sovereign independent state".
They said the conflict proved that Russia's armed forces, including intelligence officers, pilots, sailors, special forces, military police, sappers and military advisers, were on top form, and they also praised the country's defense industry.
"Our homeland thanks you, my friends," they said.
'Deep gratitude'
Putin also held talks with Assad, who expressed their "deep gratitude" for Russia's role in the conflict.
"The Syrians will never forget what the Russian forces did," official Syria media quoted them as saying.
Putin said they would discuss Russia's efforts to convene Syria's political congress with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey, and then brief Assad.
While Turkey has backed the anti-regime opposition and Russia along with Iran is the main international supporter of Damascus, Putin and Erdoğan have worked closely to resolve the Syrian conflict in recent months.
Ankara officially remains opposed to Assad staying in power in any transition but has notably toned down its rhetoric against the Syrian leader in recent months.
After talks, Erdoğan said the next step to help resolve the Syrian conflict would be to hold a second summit in the Black Sea resort of Sochi "as soon as possible".
Last month Putin held a summit with Iran's President Hassan Rouhani and Erdoğan in the city to discuss Syria.
Putin said at the beginning of 2018 that a congress of national dialogue should be held to seek a political solution for Syria, adding that they spoke to Assad about it.
Pentagon skepticism
Last week Putin announced they would be standing in the March presidential election that they are widely expected to win, and their lightning visit to Syria was likely to play well with Russian voters.
The commander of Russia's forces in Syria, Sergei Surovikin, said 23 Russian planes, two helicopters and military police would be returning to Russia soon, national television reported.
Asked how long the process of bringing back the contingent from Syria would take, Shoigu said: "They have already started coming back, we will see how it goes," Russian news agencies reported.
The Pentagon voiced skepticism about Putin's announcement, saying such declarations were not necessarily reflected by action.
The size of the Russian deployment in Syria is not known, but Pavel Felgenhauer, an independent Russian military expert, has told Agence France-Presse that up to 10,000 troops and private contractors may have taken part in the conflict.
Putin had ruled out dispatching ground forces in Syria, making the air force the mainstay of Moscow's Syria campaign.
Around 40 Russian servicemen have reportedly been killed in Syria since Moscow's intervention. The Kremlin has acknowledged some of those deaths.
But the losses may be higher given the number of Russian troops and mercenaries believed to be in the country, observers say.
More than 340,000 people have been killed since the Syrian conflict broke out in March 2011 with protests against Assad's rule that sparked a brutal crackdown. – Rappler.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Civic chiefs say they will make sure the Gloucester community is supported after the deaths of a mother and daughter on Bank Holiday Monday.
A statement has been provided by Gloucester City Council expressing sympathy with the friends and family of Laura Mortimer and their daughter, Ella Dalby.
The 31-year old business person and their 11-year-old daughter died on Monday morning and a double murder investigation has been launched.
(Image: Rosemary Watts)
Police had been called to Dexter Way in Gloucester at 4.50am on Monday by the ambulance service who reported that two people had been seriously injured.
Laura and Year 7 Barnwood Park School pupil Ella were declared dead a short time later.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering Laura and Ella and police have been granted more time to question him.
Floral tributes have been left to Ella and their mum, a wedding planner and business person, outside a property in Dexter Way.
Gloucester City Councillor Jennie Watkins, cabinet member for communities and neighbourhoods, has expressed sympathy on behalf of the council.
They said: "We'd like to express our sympathy with the family and friends of Laura and Ella, our thoughts are with them at this difficult time.
"We understand that this will have a huge impact on the local community and that it will take some time to sink in. However, I have been moved by how everyone has come together and rallied round laying tributes and supporting the family following this tragedy.
"We will work with the police and partners to ensure that community are supported through this very sad time."
The latest tributes, and updates on the investigation, are in our live blog.
The gaffe was not lost on the millions of viewers analyzing Trump's every move.
​The guy (in)famous for their anti-immigrant rhetoric ironically needed a foreign-born American to nudge him.
— Over Macho Grande (@SD_Shango) April 17, 2017
​Maybe they forgot because it wasn't sung in Russian?
​Trump's youngest son, Barron, was right on cue.
Perhaps this wasn't the first time Trump's had an issue finding their heart, some Twitter users pointed out.
Then again, maybe they were worried about the media filming their hands on TV for a period of longer than 1.5 seconds.
This wasn't a one time error: We are looking at a repeat offender.
— E Nice (@202FoLife) April 17, 2017
​Barack Obama once made the same mistake as an Illinois Senator in 2007, and was promptly grilled like filet mignon.
— Evan Rodgers (@ERodgers12) April 17, 2017
​“A closer look shows that Obama, unlike their Democratic colleagues, isn't putting their hand over their heart during the national anthem. Can you believe this? That's an outrage,” Alan Colmes said on a 2007 episode of Hannity & Colmes. “Will this ruin their chances politically forever or what?” the conservative pundit inquired.
Trump, of course, has received no such treatment from the political right for their embarrassing flub.
But it gets better: Trump is known to be a cordial host at their Mar-a-Lago estate to leaders like Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Abe Shinzo. But when a child attending the Easter Egg Roll asked Trump for an autograph, the US President agreed before tossing the signed hat into a crowd, causing the kid to scream.
An Indianapolis church made a bold statement on a lawn near Monument Circle Tuesday morning, placing statues of Mary, Joseph, and Baby Jesus inside a fence to condemn the current immigration policies.
Scroll for more content...
Christ Church Cathedral, also known as "The Church on the Circle," locked up Mary, Joseph, and Jesus as part of its Every Family is Holy campaign.
The church's dean, Steve Carlson, said the campaign is to bring awareness to and condemn the United States' zero-tolerance immigration policy.
"They were a homeless family with nowhere to stay," Carlson said. "I think our faith tells us where we need to be. The fact that it's controversial isn't because I want to be controversial. What's controversial is that we're turning away from the values that should be guiding us. The point of a religious icon is to move our hearts. If at first, people are upset by it, that might just be God trying to move their hearts. I hope their hearts soften."
The new policy of the Trump administration is not to separate families, but to detain them in immigration facilities, according to a Department of Justice announcement.
When asked how long the church would keep the fences up, Carlson said, "How long are we going to keep detaining families indefinitely?"
College Station City Council Not Ready To Approve Design Of New Police Headquarters
The process of designing of College Station's new police headquarters will take longer.
The $28 million dollar project is financed by bonds as part of a two cent increase in College Station property taxes in the fiscal year 2018 budget.
At a special meeting this week, the council directed staff to make changes to the exterior design of what will be built at Dartmouth and Krenek Tap, west of Central Park.
A council majority was also interested in forming a committee to ensure the exterior of new city buildings follow a common theme.
Mayor Karl Mooney's concern was not further delaying the start of construction due the rising cost of materials following three hurricanes in the last six weeks.
Mooney was supported by councilman James Benham, who proposed the committee.
Blanche Brick was also part of the council majority to form a committee to approve how all new city buildings look on the outside.
Since the council's first approved moving forward with the new police headquarters, the size has been reduced by about five percent…or 4,000 square feet…to remain within the $28 million dollar budget.
A total of $1.86 million has been spent or committed to project design so far.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Expect egg yolks and plenty of jokes as Tweedy the Clown comes to breakfast.
The slapstick star of the Everyman's annual pantomime and Gifford's Circus will delight children young and old at a one-off event in Cheltenham.
Tweedy the Clown will be at Aquavitae in Regent Street on Tuesday May 15 and will perform for 50 minutes.
The event runs from 9am to 10.30am and includes a full English breakfast, with sausage, bacon, eggs, beans and hash browns.
There will also be a selection of juices for children and coffee or tea for adults.
20% of ticket sales will be donated Wallace and Gromit's Grand Appeal based at Bristol Children's Hospital.
Ticket costs £12 and can be purchased on Eventbrite here .
Email any dietary requirements to bookings@aquavitae.bar or call 01242 577977.
Adults are responsible for children at all times during the event.
AquaVitae opened in November 2015 as a sister bar to 21 Clubs.
In October 2017 it was relaunched with a new street food menu and premium wine and spirits menu.
Since its relaunch, the bar has introduced a range of events including unlimited prosecco evenings and a gin night hosted by EastEnders star Adam Woodyatt.
Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc. is pleased to announce that the company's hot food well 744HW Dry-Well was named as a finalist for the Foodservice Consultants Society International (FCSI) The Americas (TA) Innovation Showcase.
Fort Wayne, IN – Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc. (http://www.tdyne.com/) announces that the company's 744HW-Dry Well Steam Table was named as a finalist for the Foodservice Consultants Society International (FCSI) The Americas (TA) Innovation Showcase. The showcase is designed to recognize foodservice equipment and manufacturers whose commitment to research and development has resulted in a truly innovative product. Equipment that is honored in the showcase is considered a clear leap forward for the foodservice industry.
Thermodyne's 744HW-Dry Well hot food well combines serving line capabilities with a Thermodyne slow cook & hold oven beneath. Featuring an independently operated control system, the 744HW-Dry Well allows users to individually control the temperature of each pan in the hot well. This enables more versatility and variety regarding food menu items.
Traditional hot food wells use water to create steam as the method of transferring heat to the food pans on the serving line. This mandates a dedicated water supply to the hot well unit, or manually filling the wells throughout the serving process. Additionally, this water will need to be removed daily thereby requiring a nearby drain for disposal. Thermodyne's 744HW-Dry Well eliminates the need for water and therefore alleviates these problems. Food can be heated and held for extended periods of time without the need for water.
About Thermodyne Foodservice Products: Founded in 1987, Thermodyne Food Service Products, Inc. specializes in the manufacturing of both countertop and full-sized slow cook and hold ovens. Each unit features Thermodyne's patented Fluid Shelf Technology, in which low-temperature heat is transferred throughout each shelf rather than through the air. This not only ensures food quality and safety but also allows food products to be held for extended periods. Contact us today to find out about the incredible flexibility and serving capabilities made possible by Fluid Shelf Technology. For more information, call 888-310-7352 or visit www.tdyne.com.
Contact
Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc.
888-310-7352
Email: fluidshelf ( @ ) tdyne dot com
Website: www.tdyne.com
Blog: tdyne.com/blog
YouTube: www.youtube.com/user/1slowcooknhold
Twitter: ( @ ) TdyneFoodSvc
Facebook: www.facebook.com/ThermodyneFoodserviceProducts/
An elderly voter without a hot meal.
John Springsted, Mount Hope
Put immigration on hold
RE: Affordable housing
Prime Minister Trudeau recently announced a $40 billion program to assist over 100,000 people in the Greater Toronto Area that are in need of proper affordable housing.
That's a good start but, with many times that number of people across the country in desperate need of essential housing, maybe they should be thinking on a greater scale.
My suggestion for Mr. Trudeau and their Liberal Party is to put their "open door" immigration policy on hold for now until they have successfully housed all of our fellow Canadians who have been suffering for so long.
Why would we want to flood Canada with new homeless people, when we can't even look after our own citizens?
Pete Wignall, Burlington
Still room to wonder
RE: Governor General Julie Payette
Cézanne once said, "Monet is but an eye, but God what an eye." Siddhartha Mukherjee in their book "The Gene" said, "DNA by that logic, is but a chemical — but God, what a chemical." They did not choose to say "Man what a chemical." Governor General Julie Payette may be very smart, but until they or any other human being is able to produce something comparable to a gene, there is still room to wonder, who came up with the gene anyway? Did it just happen and if so what does that mean? I am sure science will find the answer.
Joe Gaetan, Hamilton
Oceans Protection Plan needs work
RE: Oceans protection plan
The federal government's recent "Oceans Protection Plan" does not focus on marine planning and protection, but instead provides funding for infrastructure that facilitates oil tanker traffic. Even the best oil spill response leaves 80 per cent of spilled oil in the water. We need to focus on reducing or eliminating transporting oil in coastal areas. Increased container and tanker traffic means increased ship strikes on whales and dolphins. We need our MPs and all levels of government to commit to stop all new oil and gas infrastructure projects, especially pipelines like Kinder Morgan that will lead to increased tanker traffic.
The federal government must approve the recommended changes to the Canadian Environmental Protection Act. Thank you for your consideration in publishing more about this issue in your publication. We need to educate people and spread the word, and you are invaluable in doing that.
Julia Puffer, Burlington
Improving red light cameras
RE: Red light cameras
To dispel the common belief that installing red light cameras at certain intersections is a convenient and lucrative "tax grab" in a municipality, I feel that there should be a mandatory "walk/don't walk" countdown at each of these intersections.
Personally, whenever I see the sign designating an upcoming red light camera I am immediately stressed in wondering where I would be in approaching the intersection when the light changes to amber.
Having the number of seconds displayed gives an immediate indication of how to proceed toward the intersection. Some red light cameras have these installed, but not all. It would go a long way toward ending the stressful guessing game.
Hans Klimstra, Waterdown
A Hamilton link to the Halifax explosion
RE: The Halifax explosion
A lot of good-hearted people will reflect sombrely on the tragedy of 100 years ago that destroyed Halifax. Next time you go out east you can learn more about this catastrophe by visiting the city's Maritime Museum, which has large displays about the explosion.
Fewer people know about Hamilton's rather odd connection to Halifax from that time. A steel building originally located in Halifax in 1917 was dismantled and shipped here, and then re-erected at the Westinghouse plant on Sanford Avenue.
Emil Andrew Sekerak, Hamilton
letters@thespec.com
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
Oklahoma City Police have identified the two victims in yesterday's early morning home invasion and homicide in a neighborhood near I-44 and SW 15th.
Latasha Paulson, 28, of Oklahoma City, died at the scene from gunshot wounds. 62-year-old Darrell Crockett was also shot but survived. They were treated for their injuries an released.
Police say one suspect entered the home then fled, along with another unknown accomplice. Both men stole a vehicle and drove off, a silver 1991 Ford F-250 pickup with tag number 416GBN and a green 1998 Chevrolet Blazer with tag number 847LKG.
Anyone with information about this homicide is asked to call the homicide tip line at 405-297-1200. Anyone who sees either of the vehicles is asked to call 911.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) - Volkswagen plans to build a new five-passenger SUV in Chattanooga.
According to a person briefed on details, the company will invest $340 million to bring the vehicle to market. The person revealed this information on condition of anonymity to avoid pre-empting an official announcement Monday in Chattanooga, where Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Hinrich J. Woebcken, president and chief executive of Volkswagen Group of America Inc. are expected to attend.
The German carmaker describes the vehicle as a variant of the seven-passenger Atlas, designed and engineered for the American market. The Chattanooga plant also manufactures the Passat and the Atlas.
(UPDATED) The 70-year-old songwriter is known for songs such as 'Bituing Walang Ningning' and 'Sana'y Wala ng Wakas'
MANILA, Philippines (UPDATED) – Wilfredo "Willy" Buencamino Cruz, the songwriter who has written many popular Filipino songs – including hits such as "Bituing Walang Ningning," "Kahit Na," and "Sana'y Wala ng Wakas" – died at the age of 70 on Monday, April 17.
In a text message to Rappler, Willy's niece Cheska Africa confirmed that their uncle died due to heart failure from kidney problem at St. Luke's Medical Center, Quezon City.
News of their death was made public after a number of artists took to social media to express their condolence to the family.
Nonoy Gallardo, husband of singer Celeste Legaspi, was among the first ones to announce the sad news.
"Our dear friend Willi Cruz is now in eternal peace. Please say a prayer for him," they wrote on Facebook.
Sharon Cuneta posted a healtfelt message to the man who wrote some of the songs they performed and even quoted lines from it.
"My Willy Cruz, my Willy has left me.
"My dearest, I have no words. Only tears and gratitude and love. What kills me is you didn't have to go this soon. I will love you forever," they said.
Lea Salonga tweeted: "Rest in God's loving arms, Willy Cruz. You have left such a legacy of amazing music to remember you by."
Rest in God's loving arms, Willy Cruz. You have left such a legacy of amazing music to remember you by. — Lea Salonga (@MsLeaSalonga) April 17, 2017
Singer-songwriter Jim Paredes posted: "My friend and mentor Willy Cruz passed away at 1AM this morning. Such sad news. May you have peace in God's loving arms."
My friend and mentor Willy Cruz passed away at 1AM this morning. Such sad news. May you have peace in God's loving arms. — Jim (@Jimparedes) April 17, 2017
Ogie Alcasid posted: "RIP Mr. Willy Cruz. Thank you for the wonderful music that you have created for the Filipinos."
RIP Mr. Willy Cruz. Ty for the wonderful music that you have created for the Filipinos. — ogie alcasid (@ogiealcasid) April 17, 2017
Songwriter Jungee Marcelo posted on Facebook: "One of my songwriting heroes, paalam (goodbye) Maestro Willy Cruz. Thanks for being a major inspiration sir, so glad to have interviewed you in the past, andami ko pong natutunan, tunay na henyo, saludo po. (I've learned so much, you are truly a genius. Salute.)
"I've been a solid songwriting fan of sir Willy's masterpieces since the '80s, exquisite songwriting, perfect marriage of music and lyrics."
Singers Jed Madela and Tim Pavino also praised Willy.
"RIP Willy Cruz... I may have not met you or worked with you but your songs were part of our lives," Jed tweeted.
RIP Willy Cruz... I may have not met you or worked with you but your songs were part of our lives. — Jed Madela (@jedmadela) April 17, 2017
"RIP to one of OPM's legendary composers, Sir Willy Cruz," Tim said.
RIP to one of OPM's legendary composers, Sir Willy Cruz. :( — Tim Pavino (@TimPavino) April 17, 2017
Considered as one of the Philippines' top songwriters, Cruz has worked with a number of top artists such as Sharon Cuneta, Nonoy Zuñiga, Pilita Corrales, and more.  They are also a composer, and has arranged or written scores for countless movies and advertisements in their decades-long career.
In 2016, Willy was honored for their contribution to music at Eastwood's Walk of Fame and was given their own star.
– Rappler.com
July 4 (UPI) -- Craig Raymond Turner, the eldest child of rock 'n' roll icon Tina Turner, has died of apparent suicide, Los Angeles officials said.
The Los Angeles coroner's office confirmed the 59-year-old real estate agent was found dead in their Studio City home.
"The call was reported as a suicide, gunshot wound," a spokesperson for the office said Tuesday. "The next of kin has been notified. There will be an autopsy done and there is an investigator at the scene."
Tina Turner gave birth to Craig Turner when they were 18 years old. Their biological father was saxophonist Raymond Hill, but Tina Turner's first husband, Ike Turner, adopted Craig Turner when they married in 1962.
The couple divorced in 1978 and Ike Turner died of a likely drug overdose in 2007.
TMZ, which also reported Craig Turner's death, said Tina Turner, who now lives in Switzerland, was in Paris this week attending fashion shows.
They have not publicly commented about their son's death.
Police officers across Europe are making ready for their latest “Speed Marathon”, taking place from 6am on Wednesday 6am on Thursday.
The 24-hour initiative forms part of TISPOL's speed enforcement operation, running until April 23. Cyprus is a member of TISPOL – the European Traffic Police Network – but police here have yet to announce their participation in the speed marathon.
TISPOL Figures from 2016 show that 95 per cent of drivers observed by police officers during the 24 hours of the Speed Marathon were using legal speeds.
The Speed Marathon concept was devised three years ago in the German federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Here, members of the public have once again been invited to vote on the locations where they would like speed enforcement measures to take place.
The German concept has been adapted and this year is scheduled to be used in every TISPOL member country.
TISPOL President Paolo Cestra commented: “Our forthcoming speed enforcement activity is all about prevention. We want drivers to think about the speeds they choose; speeds which are both legal and appropriate for the conditions. By doing so, they will be reducing the risks they face and the risks they pose to other road users.
“That's why we encourage participating countries and police forces to publish information about the precise locations of speed checkpoints in advance. We want to get into the minds of drivers, not their purses.
“Illegal and/or inappropriate speed is the single biggest factor fatal road collisions. That's why police officers take action against drivers who fail to comply with speed limits. The 24-hour speed marathon is one component in our strategy for reducing casualties, and making Europe's roads safer.”
Pharmaceutical tablets and capsules are arranged in the shape of a Euro currency sign on a table in this picture illustration, August 20, 2014. REUTERS/Srdjan Zivulovic/Illustration/File Photo
FRANKFURT A push by the European Medicines Agency to speed up the approval of new drugs that show promise is running into resistance from some of the national agencies that will ultimately decide whether the medicines are worth buying.
Pharmaceutical companies, patient advocacy groups and lawmakers around the world are pushing regulators to cut through what they see as red tape and adopt more streamlined approval processes for new drugs.
Europe has been looking at new approaches to drug testing for several years and the issue came to the fore again in January after U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to accelerate approvals to get new drugs to patients faster.
However, critics of new approaches, such as lowering the requirements for lengthy clinical trials, worry that selling drugs with relatively little testing data, even if the go-ahead comes with strict limits, will expose patients to greater risks.
The independent authority in Germany (IQWiG) that evaluates new drugs and plays a key role in what price health services pay for them has been one of the most vocal opponents of such new approaches within Europe.
Given Germany is Europe's biggest drugs market and the fourth in the world, its misgivings risk hurting a broader drive to bring new treatments to patients faster, not least because drug companies may conclude that dealing with price-setting authorities country-by-country ends up being too costly.
"Accelerated approval on the basis of reduced data should be limited to special situations. But there is reasonable concern that it is intended to become the norm," said Stefan Lange, the deputy director of Germany's Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care (IQWiG).
The agency has in the past rejected pivotal studies that had convinced the EMA to approve a drug, saying they were not statistically valid. This has resulted in some drugs not getting launched in Germany, or being withdrawn soon after their launch.
REAL-WORLD DATA
The push to adapt the approval process is partly the result of advances in genetics that are yielding previously unknown treatments for serious conditions and new tools that can forecast better which patients can be helped, and which cannot.
Europe's drug licensing authority, the European Medicines Agency (EMA), has been pursuing a new approach to testing known as "adaptive pathways" for experimental drugs against serious, hard-to-treat conditions. It picked six drugs under development for a pilot scheme that ran from March 2014 to August 2016.
Two of the drugs were for rare cancers, two for hereditary blood diseases, one for a fungal infection and one for heart problems. The companies included U.S. biotech firm Bluebird Bio Inc (BLUE.O), Israel's Pluristem Therapeutics Inc (PSTI.O) and unlisted British firms Immunocore Ltd and F2G Ltd.
One of the most contested methods advocated by the adaptive pathways approach is to bring the launch of a promising drug forward on a provisional basis, and then gather some of the evidence about its effectiveness and side effects in an everyday medical setting, known as the use of "real-world evidence".
Under established randomized controlled trials (RCT), new drugs are given to some participants while a standard treatment or placebo is given to a randomly assigned control group, with the results determining whether the medicine gets approved.
Typically, neither group in the trial knows whether it is getting the new treatment or not.
The new approach is to gather data from patients being treated, using new medical sensors, smartphone apps and data processing tools. Depending on the outcome of the real-world trial phase, the group of patients eligible for the drug could be narrowed down or widened for permanent approval.
This approach appeals to patient advocacy groups such as Eurordis for rare diseases, or the European Cancer Patient Coalition, which has called for more faith in real-world data and letting patients decide whether they want to take the risk.
"BOUND TO FAIL"
Germany's IQWiG argues that reducing the role of randomized trials goes against the scientific principles that are needed to get clear results on the risks and benefits of a new treatment.
IQWiG's Lange said relying on real-world evidence would mean experimental research, with all its risks of side effects, would be moving into the "uncontrolled environment" of everyday medical care - and that could only be justified if the early signs of a drug's therapeutic benefits were truly dramatic.
Linked to this is the problem that once a treatment gets even a provisional green light, it would be hard to conduct a randomized trial simply because it would be unethical to arbitrarily deny some patients an approved treatment.
Attempts to preserve comparison benchmarks for real-world evidence projects include drawing on data from patients still taking older treatments elsewhere.
IQWiG argues that any factors playing a role in the composition of study groups would skew the findings. "Any attempt to statistically eliminate the distortions from these selection mechanisms afterwards is bound to fail," said Lange.
France is another country to voice scepticism about the EMA's new approach and some smaller countries have expressed misgivings privately. France's Haute Autorite de Sante, for example, says it has "mixed feelings" about expanding existing conditional marketing approval rules, according to Chantal Belorgey, its director in charge of medical assessment.
But Britain's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) said it supported the adaptive pathways concept and was exploring how different sources of evidence could supplement data from randomized trials.
The EMA's Senior Medical Officer Hans-Georg Eichler also says the advent of precision drugs which would only be used by small groups of patients has added urgency to the quest for new sources of evidence to complement the established trial route.
Researchers are splitting medical conditions such as cancer or neurodegenerative diseases into ever smaller sub-groups as they learn to parse through the multitude of genetic traits that fuel a disease. But that is leading to smaller drug trials, making it difficult to produce statistically reliable results.
The EMA is now taking stock of the conflicting views about its pilot scheme from the national cost-effectiveness watchdogs, patients and organizations that pay for healthcare.
In the meantime, the companies involved in the pilot are continuing to receive scientific advice from the EMA and the scheme is open to new applicants, a spokesperson said.
(Additional reporting by Matthias Blamont in Paris; editing by David Clarke)
Get to know the three Minnesota acts performing at the Twin Cities Tiny Desk Showcase
iLLism (via Facebook)
Sponsor
Sponsor
In 2008, All Songs Considered host Bob Boilen had the idea to start a concert series behind their desk at NPR. Now, the Tiny Desk Concerts rack up millions of views online and are a coveted performance opportunity for unsigned artists.
For the past four years, NPR Music has opened its inbox to submissions from musicians competing to perform behind the office desk-turned music venue. In 2016, the winner was Duluth's Gaelynn Lea. This year, the Tiny Desk Contest received over 5,000 submissions from all over the country.
This year's winner is singer-songwriter Naia Izumi, who impressed the judges with their performance of an original song, “Soft Spoken.” In addition to performing a Tiny Desk Concert at NPR's headquarters, Izumi is embarking on a U.S. tour, playing in various cities along with local artists who also entered the contest.
On June 1, Izumi is stopping at St. Paul's Amsterdam Bar & Hall to perform in a Twin Cities Tiny Desk Showcase along with three local acts: iLLism, the Nunnery, and Fellow Pynins. Here's what you need to know about these three artists before Friday's concert.
ILLism are a hip-hop/R&B duo comprising husband and wife Envy and Fancy. The two both maintained solo careers before deciding to join forces in 2016. They released their debut album, Love and Loyalty, in 2017, and have since had their music appear on TV shows such as Keeping Up with the Kardashians and Jersey Shore.
The pair is inspired by classic husband-and-wife duos like Sonny & Cher and Peaches & Herb, as well as the late '90s/early 2000s hip-hop and R&B of Nas, Lauryn Hill, and Mary J. Blige. Having grown up in the Twin Cities, Envy and Fancy draw upon the Minnesota musical traditions of funk and the Minneapolis Sound: last year, they were finalists in Paisley Park's battle of the bands.
ILLism see their music as an opportunity to showcase Minnesota, and the communities that they grew up in. “We don't make music that is only about love or relationships,” said Fancy. “We want to make music from personal experience, from our community.” In their Tiny Desk Contest entry, Fancy wears a Prince t-shirt, and Envy dons Minnesota Twins merch.
After seeing Tank and the Bangas win last year's Tiny Desk Contest, iLLism were inspired to enter this year. “We are really big fans of Tank and the Bangas,” said Fancy. “When they won last year, we have just been following them ever since. It was so important for us to showcase us, but also that Minnesota sound, that hasn't died; it didn't die when Prince passed away. We thought that Tiny Desk was a perfect opportunity for us to showcase that on a platform that they offer.”
The Nunnery is the solo project of Sarah Elstran, who uses their voice to create lush layers of sound with just a microphone and a loop station. In 2017, Elstran released their first full-length album as the Nunnery, Fire Dove, although they say that the Nunnery is a project that got started by accident. “I never thought I would be doing looping live at all,” said Elstran.
Elstran had played in a number of bands, mostly folk-rock groups, when their guitar was stolen out of their car. “All I had was a loop pedal and a microphone,” they said, “and I just started jamming on that.”
Most of the Nunnery's songs begin as an emotion, which they build by adding lyrics and vocal layers. Live performances offer Elstran the opportunity to improvise and craft a song to fit a certain environment. “Sometimes I want to play my songs a little differently, with different intonations or energy, or I'll play louder or softer based on how the audience reacts,” they said. “A lot of the times I'll improv a song live and that's totally based on the audience and how the room makes me feel, and I'll just make it up from that space.”
Through the Nunnery, Elstran aims to create an experience that is “meditative and relaxing.” They enjoy playing intimate venues such as galleries and house shows that allow them to connect with and feed off of the audience, and utilizes live video projections in their performance to add color, texture, and movement.
In 2012, Dani Aubert and Ian Van Ornum helped found the Oregon-based folk orchestra Patchy Sanders. Now, the two are releasing rootsy folk songs as a duo under the name Fellow Pynins.
Following the release of their 2016 album, Hunter & the Hunted, the pair spent almost a year traveling through the UK, mainland Europe, and Iceland to learn about the roots of American folk by listening to and playing centuries-old ballads, which they now incorporate into their live shows.
“The idea of having intimate eye contact moments with humans and learning songs face-to-face and having the patience to learn a song and sing it for three hours just so you retain it, is not something that I think people create time for,” said Van Ornum. “Now we have the option to in our pocket have access to every song we want with the lyrics and the chords and a thousand renditions. You can just choose and learn a rendition on YouTube and do it over a few weeks.”
Fellow Pynins began as an Oregon-based project, and now Van Ornum and Aubert are relocating to the Twin Cities. Van Ornum, who grew up in Minneapolis, explained that they are excited to move back to the Twin Cities and tap into their artistic communities. “A big reason [why I'm] moving back is to be a part of the music and arts community that I've stayed in touch with through the years.”
Van Ornum and Aubert were not planning on entering the Tiny Desk Contest. Aubert was expecting their son, who was past their due date. The day before the contest deadline, the two decided to film a submission. “We sat on our daughter's little play, wooden kitchen in their bedroom and put up a tripod,” said Van Ornum. “We did one take of the song and then the camera's batteries died and we submitted it. It wasn't something that we had thought about or prepared for.”
Colleen Cowie runs the blog Pass The Mic.
Now representing the National Capital Region as part of UST's taekwondo team, Gianne Chiong competes for their family's future
MANILA, Philippines – Gianne Chiong has come a long way from their Agusan National High School roots.
Moving on from their high school Taekwando club after being granted an athletic scholarship at the University of Santo Tomas (UST), the 17-year-old has proven to be an excellent young athlete.
After previously representing their native Caraga region in a losing effort in last year's Palarong Pambansa in Albay, Gianne, now a Grade 11 member of UST's taekwando girls' team, is slated to set foot once again on the national stage.
This time around, their eyes are set firmly on the gold medal.
Learning respect
Gianne was introduced to the sport when they were in the first grade after their aunt encouraged them to learn how to defend herself. But they made the decision to take up taekwando herself.
“I've loved taekwondo. I'm a fan of physical fitness and martial arts. It's unique, (because in) taekwondo, you use your fists and your feet. You do kicking and punching,” they said in a mix of English and Filipino.
Gianne added that there's more to the sport than meets the eye. “You learn a lot of moral lessons through the sport. I learned to be more respectful of those who know more than I do, and to have discipline in everything I do."
Fanning the flames
The road to this year's Palaro is no cakewalk.
The young taekwando standout shared how preparing for Palaro has been tiring. It entailed severe restrictions on diet, weight conditioning, and hours of rest.
But while Gianne prepares rigorously for their second Palaro campaign from April 23 to 29, they said that what drives them to persevere is their family in Agusan.
“Through taekwando, po, matutulungan ko family ko. I received a scholarship through this sport and this will help my family financially.Kapag may problema, hindi na sila kailangan gumastos ng malaki sa education ko,” they said. (Through taekwondo, I am able to help my family. Whenever we face financial problems, at least they don't have to spend anything for my education.)
An ‘emotional' hunt for gold
Gianne is no stranger to defeat. They hold themselves to account when they come up short.
To this point, in losing bouts, they give themselves “deductions” when they hit below the belt or steps outside the mat; and even when they make the slightest of mistakes on the playing field.
Palaro has been a learning experience for her, Gianne said.
“Yung knowledge ko po sa laro, importante. When I was competing, na-pick-up ko na 'wag maging overconfident sa sarili kasi that will take you down,” Gianne noted. (My knowledge of the game is very important. When I was competing, I learned not to be overconfident because that will take me down.)
“Just always listen, listen to the coach din kasi ‘yun ‘yung makakatulong sayo para manalo.” (Just always listen, listen to the coach because that will help you win.) It's not chartering new territory to see athletes place much pressure on their performance.
Gianne is an ‘emotional' athlete, and for reasons Filipino athletes know all too well.
“I'm an emotional athlete because when I play, I always think of my family. They made a lot of sacrifices for me so I want to bring back my achievements to them...It's not easy for them to spend money on me, to put all that on the line for me,” Gianne said.
When asked about their biggest goal for this year's Palarong Pambansa, Gianne made themselves clear: “The gold, of course.” – With a report from Jaen Manegdeg/Rappler.com
Fidel Feria is a Rappler intern from Colegio San Juan de Letran.
This story was first published on X. Follow Rappler's coverage of Palarong Pambansa 2017 here.
By: Cody Boteler, Editor-in-Chief
Student Government Association Vice President James Mileo faced a rogue attempt from a group of senators trying to remove them from office – but the attempt died before a special resolution for impeachment was even brought to a vote.
Mileo was accused of abusing their power and breaking a state law related to SGA salary.
When pay procedures were being formulated by the SGA, members of the executive board consulted with the Office of the General Counsel to make sure that none of the procedures would actually constitute a violation of state law.
One point of contention was that Mileo interviewed potential senators on their own, instead of with the entire Senate Selection Committee. While Mileo said that is something that they “did wrong,” they did not single-handedly appoint them to their positions—the new senators had to be confirmed by the existing student senate.
Former SGA senator Chris Shanahan, joined by three other senators, raised these concerns and others in a draft special resolution. Before it could be submitted to the senate for a vote or debate, though, the draft leaked and the impeachment attempt derailed.
Shanahan said they chose to pursue impeachment, instead of approaching Mileo or an SGA advisor, because Shanahan and other SGA members believed Mileo to be in violation of the SGA Constitution “since the beginning of the administration.”
Mileo said they would have preferred if Shanahan and the other senators had talked to him, instead of trying to go directly for impeachment.
“This should have been a conversation,” Mileo said. “If they believed I did something wrong, they should have followed the SGA Accountability Procedures.”
Shanahan originally contacted The Towerlight to announce they had resigned from the SGA for moral reasons.
“I cannot be part of an organization that practices hypocrisy and a disregard towards the students of Towson,” Shanahan wrote in an email.
What Shanahan called “hypocrisy” referred to, at least in part, three specific concerns that they later shared with student organizations in a series of emails.
Shanahan sent an email labeled “***URGENT: SGA Concerns and how They Effect [sic] Your Student Group,” on Feb. 6.
In it, they raised three concerns they had with the SGA:
The SGA held a retreat in Rockville, Maryland, which included members of the SGA staying overnight. The financial policy for student groups, at the time of the retreat, did not allow student groups to receive funding for overnight hotel stays if the destination was within 110 miles of campus. The SGA has occasional banquets and award ceremonies. Shanahan pointed out that SGA-funded student groups couldn't use their SGA-budgeted money for food. The SGA had not updated their website with the the SGA Constitution and Bylaws that had been voted on during the SGA summer retreat.
Later that evening, the SGA sent a communication to student groups addressing the issues raised.
The email acknowledged that the concerns were legitimate but said that they would be quickly addressed.
At the Feb. 7 SGA General Assembly, the Senate voted to remove banquets and retreats from “items not funded” from the SGA financial policy. The Senate also voted to change the radius for funded overnight travel from 110 miles to 20 miles.
SGA President Taylor James noted in a brief interview with The Towerlight that the senate doesn't typically change policies during semesters – as to avoid confusing and over-complicating things for student groups.
Kristin DiPeso, who's the president of the student group the American Marketing Association, showed up at the Feb. 7 meeting after getting the email from Shanahan. They were concerned, they said, with some of the accusations.
“The ‘rogue email' made me worried,” DiPeso said. “It seemed as if the SGA was using money in ways that wasn't fair.”
As for Shanahan – they say he's going to be working with student groups to create reform.
“I have a sliver of hope that the SGA will start to change if change is demanded by the students,” Shanahan said in an email.
Benefits of document management
Rieva Lesonsky examines what document management is, and how it can help businesses.
“Document management” sounds like something only a company the size of, say, McDonald's or Amazon has to worry about, doesn't it?
In reality, every business deals with document management–although you may not think of printing, filing, copying, storing and scanning that way.
Poor document management negatively affects even the smallest company, costing the business time, money, and possibly even customers.
Think I'm exaggerating? Consider the consequences to your customer service and client satisfaction when:
* You can't find an important document you need for an urgent client meeting.
* A document you need to share with customers or team members exists only in paper format.
* You need to access a document on the road or at home, but the only copy is sitting in a manila folder in your office.
There are also cost issues involved with poor document management. Some companies have so many documents that they need to rent space in an off-site facility to store them. Even if you're storing documents and file cabinets, that takes up square footage in your office.
The costs of paper, printer ink, and toner add up quickly, too. If your employees are printing or copying personal documents, printing out too many copies or using color printing when they don't need to, you're wasting paper and printer supplies.
Poor document management can affect your business in other ways. What if someone from outside the company sees a sensitive document lying on the printer? Or perhaps someone from accounting forgets to pick up that document they printed with the entire company's salaries on it. That's more than just an oops.
Document management: room for improvement
Despite talk of the “paperless office,” some 40% of all business processes are still document driven, according to a survey by Xerox. That means chances are you have plenty of places where you could improve your document management. Beyond the cost savings on printer supplies, the Xerox survey discovered that the biggest benefit from better document management is improved workflow.
In fact, the primary reason small and midsize businesses in the survey were improving their document management processes was to grow their businesses; the secondary reason was to boost productivity.
The first step toward better document management is to track your printing costs. You may not realize how much you're spending on printing. A whopping 97% of the businesses in the Xerox survey do know their print costs–which may be why 81% of them plan to implement better document management in the coming year.
Get into the cloud
Scanning paper documents into the cloud is super simple when you use printers and multifunction printers (MFPs) enabled with Xerox ConnectKey technology. Just download ConnectKey apps to the printer, and you can scan to popular cloud-based services including Google Drive, Dropbox, Box, OneDrive and Office 365. You can easily print and share directly from the cloud, too. There are also ConnectKey Apps you can use to simplify scanning and sharing documents to and from email accounts, DocuShare or Office tools.
You can streamline your document workflow even more with the Xerox CapturePoint Transformer App. CapturePoint lets your Xerox MFPs securely scan documents and import them directly into the proper apps, transforming paper into editable, actionable information. You can even create customized workflows such as scanning to email, FTP, shared network folders, USB and multiple destinations.
Mobility is part of business life today, and the Xerox Mobile Link App makes it simple to scan, fax, and send data to cloud storage when you connect with Xerox MFPs. Just download it to your iOS or Android device.
Set printing restrictions
Putting controls on printer use can not only save money but also improve your document management. Your Xerox ConnectKey-enabled MFP can be set to require a PIN before a document prints. No more sensitive documents left lying on the printer tray for hours! Plus, you'll always know who printed what, so you'll be able to talk to employees who are printing too much.
You can also restrict colour printing so employees aren't wasting printer ink. You shouldn't allow everyone to print everything in colour all the time. With Xerox multifunction printers you can limit colour printing to specific departments, individuals, types of documents or times of the day.
Finally, you might be wasting money buying too many toner cartridges, or running into trouble when you run out of toner at the worst possible time. You can have Xerox printers automatically notify you or your office manager via email when toner is running low, ensuring you always have the printer supplies you need.
Make 2018 the year you take charge of your document management.
Rieva Lesonsky is the CEO of GrowBiz Media, a media and custom content company focusing on small business and entrepreneurship. This piece was first published on the Xerox blog.
The scandal-plagued Weinstein Company announced Monday that it has filed for bankruptcy protection with a stalking-horse bid in hand, and that it is releasing any victims of or witnesses to Harvey Weinstein's alleged sexual misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out.
The stalking-horse agreement was reached with an affiliate of the Dallas-based private equity firm Lantern Capital Partners. The Weinstein Co. board selected Lantern “in part due to Lantern's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern,” according to a statement. The board added, “The Company hopes that this orderly sale process under the supervision of the Bankruptcy Court will allow it to maximize the value of the Company's assets for the benefit of its creditors and other stakeholders.”
Regarding the release of NDA obligations — a step that had been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a wide-ranging lawsuit against the Weinstein Co. last month — the company called it “an important step toward justice.”
TWC added, “No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet. The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world.”
In a statement Monday, Schneiderman called it “a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace.” They added that their office's lawsuit against TWC and sibling cofounders Harvey and Bob Weinstein “remains active and our investigation is ongoing.”
The bankruptcy filing comes in the wake of a failed deal to sell the Weinstein Co. to an investor group led by former Obama administration official Maria Contreras-Sweet and backed by billionaire Ron Burkle. Lantern was also part of that investor group.
The Weinstein Co. has been engulfed in scandal since October, with dozens of women accusing former chief Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct. They have denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
More than 74 years after their death, the remains of a Kansas Marine killed in World War II have been recovered.
Jack Krieger of Larned is believed to have died on November 20th, 1943. The Great Bend Tribune reports that the Department of Defense's POW/MIA Accounting Agency announced Thursday that Krieger's remains have been accounted for. Krieger was part of a battalion fighting the Japanese on the small island of Betio of the Gilbert Islands. The Defense Department says about 1,000 Marines and sailors died and more than 2,000 were wounded during the battle. Krieger was 27.
Their remains were exhumed from the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Hawaii, where they were buried as an unknown. Burial services are pending.
Photo courtesy of MGN Online.
Crews were called to the scene of a wildfire that flared up just to the northeast of Yukon, Thursday afternoon.
Firefighters were called out to battle the blaze near W. Wilshire Blvd. and N. Sara Rd. The location of the fire was in Oklahoma City Fire Department's jurisdiction.
The cause of the fire has not yet been determined. It was burning in the direction of some homes near W. Britton Rd., but crews worked quickly and got things under control before any damage could occur.
We've got questions, and you've (maybe) got answers! With another week of TV gone by, we're lobbing queries left and right about shows including Blue Bloods, The Big Bang Theory, Dancing With the Stars and You're the Worst!
1 | Seeing as both shows are set in New York, is it safe to say that Kevin Can Wait‘s Donna was working alongside Blue Bloods‘ Linda on that medevac helicopter? (#TooSoonX2?)
2 | Did everyone catch Hawaii Five-0‘s person of interest using the name “Mick St. John” — as in Alex O'Loughlin's Moonlight character? And as big an eyeroll as this was, still a bit better than your typical Scorpion folly, yes?
3 | TVLine reader/Outlander viewer S asks: “Am I the only one who didn't see a resemblance between Willie and Jamie (or Willie and Geneva for that matter)?”
4 | On Halt and Catch Fire, was Gordon's Episode 7 death foreshadowed by the light in the closing scene of Episode 5?
5 | As TVLine reader SS suggested, since Fear the Walking Dead‘s Alicia knew (thanks to Nick) that covering oneself with walker guts makes you “invisible,” why didn't they — or previously, their brother — share that tidbit with the doomed ranchers? And why did Madison want to go to the trading post for supplies when they had available to them a fully-stocked pantry?
6 | Last Ship fans, has anyone rewatched a chunk of Season 4 to see if that big Christos twist tracks?
7 | How long did it take you to recognize the 1970s version of Will Chase during their Deuce stint this week?
8 | Which Ten Days in the Valley kidnapping suspect will get ruled out first?
9 | Really, Wisdom of the Crowd? Every person at this train station is a SOPHE user? Also, why did Jeffrey's ex ask if he'd heard about Natalie Kirschner's murderer getting caught, when it was their app that facilitated the arrest? And has the sound of SOPHE's “new evidence alert” been haunting your dreams?
10 | Would Star Trek: Discovery‘s breath-print technology really be able to be hacked as easily as Burnham did this week? What's with the black badges some crew members are wearing? And did you spot that Gorn skeleton in Lorca's eerie menagerie?
11 | TVLine reader Emor asks of Ghosted: “Did no one notice that in the beginning of the show the graphic clearly says ‘Agent Kurt Checker,' but Director Lafrey then calls them ‘Mike Checker'?”
12 | Is The Big Bang Theory going to chicken out and never revisit Leonard potentially losing their job after that radio interview? And wouldn't their drunken email to Ms. Davis have all but guaranteed their termination from the university?
RELATEDThe Big Bang Theory Is Bringing Back Bob Newhart as Professor Proton
13 | On Dancing With the Stars, was Nikki Bella's 50 Shades of Grey routine a little saucier than the family-friendly primetime show usually allows?
14 | Was 9JKL‘s misspelling of Elliott Gould's name the least of its affronts?
15 | Did you recognize Degrassi alumna Stacey Farber as The Brave‘s kickass CIA operative? And given the knowing looks from Preach this week, how long do you give it before Dalton and Jaz are more than just friends/colleagues?
16 | On Kevin (Probably) Saves the World, was Jason Ritter and JoAnna Garcia Swisher's chemistry sufficiently sibling-like? Or is it… something more? And moving forward, should Kevin consider closing their bedroom door so no one can see them talking to himself?
17 | American Horror Story: Cult viewers, how loudly did you yell “Called it!” when Ivy was revealed to be part of the titular group?
18 | Which version of You're the Worst‘s Paul was, well, worse: simpering Original Paul or new, Evil Paul?
19 | On The Goldbergs, was that Smurf wall clock always hanging in Adam's bedroom? Also, which TVLine staffer do you think submitted this question?
20 | Could Empire‘s Jamal and new BF Warren have less chemistry?
21 | Was it foreshadowing that Criminal Minds‘ Reid shot a “clown” target during their Hogan's Alley drill, when a clown will figure into the next episode Matthew Gray Gubler directs? Meanwhile, where do we sign up for this 100 days on/30 days off plan? Sounds cushy!
22 | Superstore fans, did you gasp when – spoiler alert! – Brett turned up in the entrance of the break room, not dead after all?
23 | In light of the How to Get Away With Murder‘s latest ratings, might ABC be forced to fill two #TGIT holes next season?
24 | On Chicago Fire, were you surprised Severide's speech to Mateo didn't also include an apology for how they treated him?
25 | Project Runway viewers, on a scale from 1 to 10, how scripted was Michael's “I came to play fair, and there's no fairness in this game” speech?
Hit the comments with your answers – and any other Qs you care to share!
On Thursday, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin named Patrick Wyrick to fill the vacant seat on the State Supreme Court.
Wyrick, 35, has served in the Attorney General's office in the role of Solicitor General since 2011.
Wyrick is set to succeed Steven Taylor, whose seat became vacant when Taylor retired in 2016.
“Patrick Wyrick is well positioned to tackle the difficult constitutional questions the Oklahoma Supreme Court must confront,” said Fallin. “He has litigated several significant constitutional law cases involving almost every frequently litigated provision in our state constitution. I have confidence they will perform their new duties with integrity and professionalism.”
This appointment is Fallin's first to Oklahoma's High Court.
The President and CEO of the Oklahoma Chamber of Commerce, Fred Morgan, issued the following statement on Wyrick's's appointment:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for information after a 15-year-old boy was stabbed in the Tredworth area of Gloucester.
The incident happened near the corner of Tredworth Road and Hatherley Road at around 2pm on Sunday, April 22.
The boy suffered stab wounds to their buttocks during what police describe as "an incident of disorder" involving a group of five or six boys in their teens.
(Image: Google Maps)
The victim's injuries were non-serious and they are now recovering in hospital.
Police are appealing for witnesses to this incident and any members or the public who may have CCTV which covers the area and surrounding roads.
The boys involved are described as black or mixed race, aged in their mid to late teens and wearing grey or black hooded tops and bottoms.
Anyone with information should call 101 and quote incident 245 of 22 April.
Alternatively, Crimestoppers can be called anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Councillor Said Hansdot (Lab, Barton and Tredworth) said: “I'm disappointed and shocked that theirs has happened again in our area.
“We need to clamp down on these stabbings. We need to get police on the streets.”
Managing Fleet Compliance Data Gets an Upgrade
Madison, WI – Transportation compliance service and technology solutions provider – Fleetworthy Solutions – today announces the release of its next compliance technology offering. Called ‘eFleet Hub', the new product aims to help carrier fleets streamline and manage their data – data which typically comes from many sources – and rationalizes those streams of data in one space. Thanks to an intensive and thorough research and product development process, ‘eFleet Hub' moves private and for-hire fleets to a Single Version of the Truth solution, offering a clear view of their compliance health status in a single, online dashboard.
“We know the pain of many fleets, especially with the onset of the ELD Mandate,
and that led to development of ‘eFleet Hub'. With so many providers of telematics, so many sources of fleet data to manage, and so many places to lose track of it all, we developed this new product to ease that pain. It is a piece of technology focused on simplifying a once tedious and time-consuming task for our customers.”
– Rob Getz – CEO, Fleetworthy Solutions
An innovative tie-in to the already sophisticated and powerful Intelligent Compliance Platform – COMPLY 2.0 – ‘eFleet Hub' stands poised to make a marked difference in the everyday workflow of fleets of all types. Transportation professionals responsible for managing their fleets and all things related to safety and compliance will see the value in the new product offering of ‘eFleet Hub'.
“We currently use 3 different ELD operating systems in our fleet, eFleet Hub seamlessly brings ELD data from the 3 different providers into one system, allowing us to spend less time bringing all the data together and assuring we are compliant… Having one place to access our data is a win in my book!”
– Ray A. George CDS, CRST Director of Safety-Asset Light
In this modern era, commercial vehicle fleets have multiple data sources for HOS (manual and electronic), GPS, driver performance, fuel use, toll dollars, e-DVIR's, and more. Safety issues and violations can go unnoticed for weeks or months while sifting through mountains of data, possibly endangering fleet operations, fleet assets and drivers, and the motoring public. Fleetworthy Solutions' ‘eFleet Hub' is an addition to a fleet's toolbox – an empowering piece of technology – developed in support of allowing private and for-hire operations to fulfill their duties and customer needs in a more efficient, safer, and more compliant way.
Current integrations include data providers such as:
• Omnitracs
• Verizon Connect
• Rand McNally (DriverTech)
• Geo Tab (mygeotab)
• PeopleNet
• Nextraq
• Comdata
• And More…
If a new integration is sought, the design of ‘eFleet Hub' allows for new providers to be added with a fair amount of ease and in a shortened timeline.
Fleetworthy Solutions makes this new product available through their professional services and technology suite to transportation professionals across North America. Fleets interested in finding out more information, scheduling a demo, or inquiring on pricing can reach out online, call, or have a conversation at one of several industry tradeshows Fleetworthy attends.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tired of hearing about crime, accidents, and political arguments? We are too. So here's a look at some of the good news that happened this week all across our beautiful Mississippi Gulf Coast.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the spokesperson, the preparation for the event started a week ahead of the session.
"But when they already abstain themselves from all events, in fact for two [days], from what I witnessed, they have been preparing for two days without a break," Peskov said while aired by Channel One.
The fifteenth annual "Direct Line with Vladimir Putin" event started at noon Moscow time (09:00 GMT) and is broadcast live by Channel One, Rossiya-1 and Rossiya-24 and radio stations Mayak, Vesti FM, and Radio Rossii.
"There is no need to wait for surprises probably, we should wait for an interesting and substantial talk. You know that the president is generous with definitions, orders, critical statements. That is why, let us wait," Peskov said.
The spokesperson added that the 2017 "direct line" would become the most hi-tech in history.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Thursday evening I watched the sun set at beautiful Riverview Cemetery by the James River.
Minutes later, up came the harvest moon through a light, scarf-like shroud of pastel-tinted clouds.
Then suddenly, from seemingly across the river, came a long rat-a-tat sound very similar to the horrific rifle fire in Las Vegas on Sunday.
My heart skipped a beat.
And then the distant and familiar blare of an air horn revealed it was just the clatter of another passing coal train.
Still, I felt lost as I sat in the cemetery and wondered what has happened to us.
Everything is like a hurricane these days - our politics, our protests, our social discourse, our violence, and yes, even our storms.
I don't know about you, but Sunday's slaughter has made me feel homesick - like we've lost our way and can't go back.
Or don't know how.
We hear the usual voices shouting the usual slogans, solutions and positions. Politics. Conspiracies. Agendas.
While we wait for it to happen again.
So here we are on the raggedy edge, to quote one of my favorite shows.
Not only do we have 300 million firearms in this land, we have almost exactly the same number of cars and trucks. (86 dead and 458 maimed in the truck attack in Nice, France last year. And one killed and many others broken in Charlottesville.)
There are almost 40,000 airplanes in this world. (2,980 people were killed and 6,000 wounded by just three aircraft on 9/11.)
And we have millions of tons of fertilizer and other commonly available mixers and fuels that go bang. (The Oklahoma City bombing killed 168 and wounded 680 others.)
We can and should work together to find gun control solutions that can actually make a difference. It is crazy how we shoot each other.
But we have a deep sickness among us, and endless ways to detonate it.
It's like a race to be more creative, more diabolical, more shocking, in the body count Olympics.
Meanwhile, the more "normal" among us claw at each other's eyes over monuments, kneeling during the anthem, gender potty parity, the weather, policing, "justice" - it's a weekly/monthly frenzy fueled by our divisions.
There's hardly any healthy backbone left of news information, just competing agendas fueling our own as the tension mounts on social media.
We scream at each other because everyone agrees on just one thing: We hate to be lost.
How can we find our way?
I believe we must regain a sense of gratitude, a knowledge of how lucky we are to take one breath in this beautiful world, in a country blessed like no other.
Our real and perceived slights and burdens can be shared and discussed while we sit together and work it out like grown-ups, even if our leaders won't.
Our lives - our future - depends on it, because all we have is each other, and even that for just a brief moment in time.
Yes, we have a gun problem, a mass killing problem, a day-to-day violence problem, an ugly social media problem.
Because, ultimately, we have a heart problem.
The Mayor of Singleton Council has been left baffled how the council was upgraded to a regional rural status by the local council tribunal in April, even though the council didn't apply for it.
Sue Moore has told Fairfax the upgrade was a total surprise, making the council a small fish in a big pond.
The decision, which increases the wages of Councillors and the mayor will have to be found within the councils budget, costing rate payers an extra hundred thousand per year.
Dr. Robert M. “Bob” Theodore, 67, Maryville, died Wednesday, January 24, 2018.
Services will be at First Presbyterian Church, Maryville, in the spring, with the date to be determined. Prayers and remembrances will be provided by the Masonic Nodaway Lodge #470, Maryville.
Memorials may be made in care of Price Funeral Home, Maryville, to assist with funeral expenses.
Online condolences may be left at pricefuneralhomemaryville.com.
Arrangements are under the direction of Price Funeral Home, Maryville.
Of the many interesting findings from this morning's AMD Radeon RX Vega 56 / 64 Linux review was how the open-source AMDGPU+RadeonSI driver stack with OpenGL actually outperforms AMDGPU-PRO driver, the hybrid Radeon Linux driver relying upon AMD's closed-source OpenGL driver that's also shared with the Windows OpenGL driver. Here are more benchmarks of the RX Vega 56 and RX Vega 64 showing the margins by which AMDGPU+RadeonSI can outperform AMDGPU-PRO.
This evening I finished up running some more tests of AMDGPU-PRO 17.30 with its launch-day driver on Ubuntu 16.04.3 LTS. Compared was then the current "pure open-source" results via the amd-staging-4.12 kernel with Mesa 17.3 + LLVM 6 SVN from the Padoka PPA. The Mesa/LLVM build is slightly newer by a few days as well compared to the testing in the Radeon RX Vega Linux review.
Cheers to AMD's Linux developers for such an open-source accomplishment that's never been seen before with such open-source support at-launch for a new GPU architecture.
Both the RX Vega 56 and RX Vega 64 were tested on these two AMD Linux graphics driver stacks. A variety of OpenCL benchmarks were run via the Phoronix Test Suite, including some new/different tests to the launch day review. When the RADV Vulkan driver matures for Vega, there will be a similar open vs. closed comparison on that front too.
Anyhow, for those wanting to see the open-source Radeon driver whoop the hybrid proprietary driver, which just a few years ago many thought would be impossible, continue reading... And, yes, both drivers support OpenGL 4.5 and there were no real rendering issues spotted unless otherwise noted.
If you have walked past GreenUP lately you may have stopped to view the various photos in the windows on the north side of the building. These photos are part of the GreenUP SPARK Photography Festival exhibit. All of the photos were submitted under the same theme: Life By Bike.
GreenUP is intrigued about the various ways that bikes have found places within the lives of local community members. We regularly meet people who have incorporated a bicycle into their lives and even some who have chosen to build their life around their bikes.
For some, riding a bike means ease and convenience for a morning commute, for others it is the challenge and satisfaction of a bit more speed or control. The Life by Bike exhibit captures these motivations, and more. Some images portray a reflection of a special connection to nature and community, while others catch a glimpse of happiness and freedom, echoing the joy that one may feel when buzzing down a trail with the wind in their face.
Many people in our community have made the shift towards active and sustainable transportation by embracing the bike. To Jenn McCallum and their husband John, life by bike represents a lifestyle, "For John and me, this means riding a bike to commute to and from work, buying groceries and running errands, and for exercise. We ride bikes all year round, including in the winter!"
Having a life by bike can expand the role of the bike, transforming it from merely a tool for travel, to a way to make connections with the world, "One of the gifts of being a year-round cycle commuter is that I feel more in touch with the weather and the changing seasons," shares Peterborough community member Peter Laurie. "If we have two days of a strong north wind, I know it tangibly; I dress a little more warmly to match the drop in temperature, and I know that the ride home from work will be a bit more of a challenge. It always makes me smile a bit when I hear people at work complaining about the weather, when their sole exposure to it has been from their car."
For Susan Sauve, life by bike is "Freedom to get around my community, knowing that if my eye condition worsens, I will still be able to get around easily. In that sense, using my bike for all kinds of adventures, from big shopping expeditions to travel, provides me with peace of mind. I don't need my car, it is an extra and when the time comes, I can let go of it without too much sadness." This sense of freedom and independence is echoed in the lives of youth and other community members that have chosen or that need to use bikes for transportation.
Riding doesn't always come easy. As McCallum reflects, "I learned to ride as a child, but I didn't ride a bike throughout my teen years. When I graduated from university in 2008, John helped me purchase my commuter bike, and taught me how to ride again. This has led to more time in the saddle. I've learned that there is a certain type of joy that only riding a bike can bring!"
Regardless of how or why life by bike happens, the common theme expressed, is joy. Laurie says, "The phrase 'life by bike' does a great job of expressing how much I love experiencing our community and the surrounding countryside from the perspective of two wheels, whether commuting or riding recreationally. There's something elemental about the act of climbing on and starting to pedal that awakens my inner 6 year old, and from that point on it's all about going fast and feeling the wind on my face." A sentiment that is shared by a real 6.5 year old, William VanDerHerberg, "My bike goes fast. It's easier than walking. It's better than driving and it helps the community."
Whether a bike is used for pursuits related to fitness, convenience, the environment, economics, or fun, it is being incorporated into lives of our community members. GreenUP shares the joy of our community members as we support their life by bike through programs and events that celebrate bikes and bike culture in Peterborough.
From April through to September, GreenUP, along with B!KE, and the City of Peterborough, offers programs to help you embrace life by bike. Information on Shifting Gears, Bike Night, #kidsonbikesptbo, SPARK Spin, and more can be found at peterboroughmoves.com.
Johan Ackermann first arrived in England looking to make a name for themselves but their spell as a Premiership player didn't work out as planned.
The South African joined Northampton in 2002 but dislocated their shoulder in a 38-7 Powergen Cup final defeat to London Irish as part of a Saints side that also included Matt Dawson, Ben Cohen, Steve Thompson and fellow French lock Olivier Brouzet.
They did not play for the club again and was released by Northampton coach Wayne Smith in November 2002, saying at the time: “It's awful. I came here wanting to make a name for myself and prove myself and it hasn't happened. All I can do is pinch myself and hope it's not true.”
Fast forward 15 years and now Ackermann is back in the England, this time as head coach of Gloucester and they will come up against Northampton when the Premiership pacesetters visit Kingsholm on Saturday.
Ackermann was 32 at the time they left Franklin's Gardens and ended up returning to their homeland with Griquas and then the Sharks.
It is perhaps a sign of Ackermann's will and determination though that they bounced back from that moment and went on to win a further five caps for South Africa between 2006 and 2007, becoming the oldest person in history to represent the Springboks at 37.
And since their playing career has ended, Ackermann has certainly made a name for themselves as a coach, initially joining the Johannesburg-based Lions as a forwards coach before taking over as head coach.
They transformed their fortunes, leading them to successive Super Rugby finals, to come on Gloucester's radar and earn a second chance in the Premiership as Laurie Fisher's successor.
Ackermann and all Gloucester fans will be hoping it ends much better this time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
It isn't every day a US Presidential candidate visits Gloucestershire and the news that Hillary Clinton is dropping in on the Times and Sunday Times Cheltenham Literature Festival has caused huge excitement.
Tickets for the event, which takes place on Sunday October 15 at the Centaur at Cheltenham Racecourse, sold out in just 48 minutes, before they had even gone on public sale.
If you weren't one of those who snapped up one of the 2,000 tickets you might be in luck.
(Image: AP Photo/The Rocky Mountain News, Joe Mahoney)
We've teamed up with the University of Gloucestershire, which is sponsoring the event to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of tickets.
All you have to do is fill in the form below and leave a comment on our Facebook page telling us who you'd take with you.
The competition will close on Tuesday, October 10. Normal T+Cs apply.
Unlucky entrants can still hear Hillary's talk, as it will be Live-streamed on Cheltenham Festivals Facebook and YouTube sites:
https://www.facebook.com/cheltenhamfestivals
https://www.youtube.com/user/cheltenhamfestivals
CONCORD, NH — New Hampshire Farm Bureau Federation (NHFB) held its 101st Annual Meeting on Nov. 10 and 11 in Keene, NH. The event, hosted by Cheshire County Farm Bureau, offered farm tours, workshops and competitions along with a chance to celebrate the accomplishments and achievements of NHFB members.
The second day of the meeting focused on the grassroots policy development process where NHFB members craft the policy that guides the organization. The House of Delegates also voted to reelect the current slate of officers as follows: Denis Ward of Monroe — President, Joyce Brady of Columbia — 1st Vice President, Matt Scruton — 2nd Vice President, Thomas McElroy — 2nd Vice President, Howard Pearl — Treasurer, Ruth Scruton — Associated Women of NHFB President, Alicia Pedemonti — Young Farmer Committee Chair.
NHFB President's Award
NHFB President Denis Ward presented the 2017 NHFB President's Award to New Hampshire Department of Agriculture Commissioner Lorraine Merrill. The President's award is handed out annually to acknowledge an individual for their outstanding service to New Hampshire Farm Bureau.
Merrill has served as Commissioner of Agriculture for the last 10 years and has been a stalwart advocate, marketer and ally for agriculture in New Hampshire.  They are also a third-generation dairy farmer and worked as a freelance agricultural journalist for many years prior to being appointed Commissioner.
Discussion Meet winner
Amelia Aznive of Concord, NH was named the winner of the 2017 NHFB Young Farmer Discussion Meet. Competitors in the Discussion Meet prepare thoughts and opinions on various subjects facing agriculture and cooperatively work towards a solution.
The goal of the Discussion Meet is to develop leaders for effective problem-solving through group discussion, similar to the organization's grassroots policy development process. The competition provides an opportunity for Young Farmers to build basic discussion skills, give and receive criticism in a helpful manner, develop an understanding of important issues, explore and pool knowledge to reach consensus and solve problems.
Amelia owns Chakawana Farm where they have a small apiary, registered Saanen Goats and is building a Brown Swiss herd. They currently serve on the Board of Directors of the NHFB Young Farmers, is Secretary of the Ossipee Valley Agricultural Society and is a 4-H volunteer. They also compete in timbersports competitions.
Glen Putnam of Piermont and Ammy Rice of Rochester also participated in this year's competition.
Animal Husbandry Award winner
Glen Putnam was awarded this year's NHFB Young Farmer Animal Husbandry Award. They own and operates Winsome Farm Organics in Piermont, NH producing organic milk, beef and more as a sixth-generation farmer.
The Animal Husbandry Award has been developed by the New Hampshire Farm Bureau Federation Young Farmer program to promote sound animal husbandry and to recognize individuals who have implemented exceptional livestock welfare practices on their farm. Candidates for this award are nominated by their fellow Young Farmers and the judging is based on a set of criteria, including the best management practices.
In addition to winning this year's Animal Husbandry Award, Glen was also recognized for winning the NHFB membership competition for recruiting the most new members over the course of the year.
Excellence in Agriculture Award winner
The 2017 NHFB Young Farmer Excellence in Agriculture Award was given to Bruce & Rebecca Stevens of Epsom, NH. The award acknowledges the efforts of Young Farmers who do not derive the majority of their income from farming, but are actively contributing to agriculture and to their community.
Bruce and Rebecca Stevens have a small farm in Epsom raising beef cattle and hay. Rebecca became involved with FFA while attending Coe-Brown Northwood Academy winning numerous awards and serving as chapter vice-president. They were instrumental in the formation of the school's FFA Alumni Chapter and served two terms as president. Bruce gained experience in agriculture working for local dairy farms and eventually started working for Dairy Farmers of America as a milk truck driver. They now own their own commercial trucking company. Rebecca has served on the Merrimack County Farm Bureau Board of Directors for many years and is currently serving their first term as President.
The Stevens will move on to compete with other Excellence in Agriculture Award winners from across the country at the American Farm Bureau Annual Convention in Nashville, TN this January.
A panel of judges consisting of State Representative and farmer Howard Pearl, Michael McPhail from Farm Credit East and Becky Nelson of Beaver Pond Farm selected the Stevens from among three nominees. Also, nominated for the award were Amy Matarozzo of Center Barnstead and Daimon Meeh of Brentwood.
Young Farmer Achievement Award
This year's NHFB Young Farmer Achievement Award went to Jeff Moore of Windswept Maples Farm in Loudon, NH.
The NHFB Young Farmer Achievement Award competition recognizes young people between the ages of 18 to 35 who have excelled in their farming operation and have shown leadership abilities through Farm Bureau and in their community. The ideal candidate for the award is an individual or couple involved in production agriculture with the majority of their income subject to normal production risk.
Jeff Moore is part of the eighth generation of Moore's to farm on the family's diversified farm in Loudon. Their major enterprises include maple, hay, pastured beef and lamb, and retail egg and vegetable production. The maple operation is multi-faceted; including 8,500 tapped trees, retail syrup and maple equipment sales and sugar bush custom installation services. Jeff works closely with their family on the farm but has been increasingly taking ownership of new land and utilizing new technology to increase efficiency. In their spare time, Jeff plays basketball in several local leagues.
As part of the award Jeff will receive the use of a new Kubota tractor for six months or 250 hours from Pinnacleview Equipment in Walpole. They will also move on to compete in the national Achievement Award competition at the American Farm Bureau Annual Convention in Nashville, TN this January.
A panel of judges consisting of State Representative Dick Gordon, Brandon Coffman of Farm Family Insurance and NH Department of Agriculture Director of Agricultural Development Gail McWilliam Jellie travelled across the state visiting nominee farms to make their decision. Also, nominated for the award were Dan Hicks IV of Sunnycrest Farm in Londonderry and Jason McNamara of McNamara Dairy in Plainfield.
Profile Award
Each year, NHFB has the honor of presenting the Profile Award to recognize a New Hampshire person or persons for distinguished service to agriculture and rural life. Nominations for this award come from County Farm Bureau Board of Directors and are judged by a panel of past Profile Award winners.
The 2017 Profile Award was presented to Bill and Heidi Bartlett of Bartlett Blueberry Farm in Newport, NH. Bill and Heidi Bartlett purchased what is now Bartlett's Blueberry Farm in Newport in 1985 and have continued its growth as a successful farm and business for over 30 years. Beyond that, their contributions to the community have been just as important as their dedication to agriculture.
The Bartletts care for about five acres of blueberry bushes containing 15 varieties and sell their entire product directly to customers through pick-your-own. In addition to improving production through the use of drip irrigation and new varieties, the couple has expanded their business to include a blueberry netting enterprise where they sell netting and provide technical assistance to other blueberry farmers. Their farm is often host to twilight meetings and other educational events and with the 2001 NH Farm of Distinction Award by the NH Department of Agriculture, Markets and Food.
Both Bill and Heidi have been active Farm Bureau members for over 45 years. Bill served on the Sullivan County Farm Bureau Board of Directors for close to a decade. Both of them have taken time to help prepare Farm Bureau activities at the Cornish Fair despite it being their busy season and have dedicated time to serve their town, their church, and the farm community.
Their efforts and attitudes can be summarized by the sign that welcomes people to their farm, “Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.” Congratulations Bill and Heidi Bartlett.
ST. LOUIS (AP) - St. Louis prosecutor dismissing computer tampering charge against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, who is resigning.
WASHINGTON — In a one-two punch elating religious conservatives, U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is allowing more employers to opt out of no-cost birth control for workers and issuing sweeping religious-freedom directions that could override many anti-discrimination protections for LGBT people and others.
At a time when Trump finds themselves embattled on many fronts, the two directives — issued almost simultaneously on Friday — demonstrated the president's eagerness to retain the loyalty of social conservatives who make up a key part of their base. Leaders of that constituency were exultant.
"President Trump is demonstrating their commitment to undoing the anti-faith policies of the previous administration and restoring true religious freedom," said Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council.
Liberal advocacy groups, including those supporting LGBT and reproductive rights, were outraged.
"The Trump administration is saying to employers, 'If you want to discriminate, we have your back,'" said Fatima Goss Graves, president of National Women's Law Center.
Them organization is among several that are planning to challenge the birth-control rollback in court. The American Civil Liberties Union filed such a lawsuit less than three hours after the rules were issued.
"The Trump administration is forcing women to pay for their bosses' religious beliefs," said ACLU senior staff lawyer Brigitte Amiri. "We're filing this lawsuit because the federal government cannot authorize discrimination against women in the name of religion or otherwise."
Xavier Becerra, the Democratic attorney general of California, said they planned to file a similar lawsuit as soon as feasible. Other Democratic attorneys general said they were mulling the same step.
Both directives had been in the works for months, with activists on both sides of a culture war on edge about the timing and the details.
The religious-liberty directive, issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, instructs federal agencies to do as much as possible to accommodate those who claim their religious freedoms are being violated. The guidance effectively lifts a burden from religious objectors to prove that their beliefs about marriage or other topics that affect various actions are sincerely held.
March 29 United Game Tech:
* Plans stock exchange listing
* United Game Tech is planning to list its shares on the over-the-counter market of the Berlin Stock Exchange in the short term
* United Game Tech: as part of private placement in October 2016, issued 500,000 new shares at a price of 2.00 euro per share to investors in Germany and in Switzerland and raised 1,000,000 euros ($1.08 million) Source text for Eikon: ($1 = 0.9300 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Design Collaboration
The Grammy winner restored the charming Tudor-style home with Pam Shamshiri of Commune, a source confirms to PEOPLE. The renowned design firm, which recently collaborated with West Elm, is also responsible for the interiors of Ace Hotels in L.A. and Palm Springs and several private residences for Hollywood's elite.
Local News > Archive > June 2017 > 14
<< "UPDATE: Principal of Eastern Wayne talks about the loss of teen who drowned at Emerald Isle, condition of boy who remains in hospital" -
Man charged with trafficking meth
By Ethan Smith
Published in News on June 14, 2017 3:09 PM
Cantrell Full Size White
A man is facing drug trafficking charges after local authorities were tipped off by the Coastal Narcotics Task Force that they were in possession of methamphetamine, according to a press release.
Christopher Lee Cantrell, 31, of 440 Racetrack Road, LaGrange, is charged with trafficking methamphetamine, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession of a firearm by a felon and maintaining a vehicle for the sale of controlled substances.
A man who lives at the same address is also facing charges after the residence was searched when Cantrell was found by authorities at a local Wal-Mart.
William Aaron White, 31, also of 440 Racetrack Road, LaGrange, is charged with possession of heroin and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The release said the Wayne County Drug Unit was contacted by officers with the Coastal Narcotics Task Force about Cantrell possibly being in possession of "a quantity of methamphetamine."
Officers found Cantrell at the Wal-Mart on U.S. 70 East, the release said, and allegedly found about 30 grams of methamphetamine on him.
Maj. Tom Effler said the information provided to local authorities about Cantrell being in possession of methamphetamine did not indicate that they were importing it from outside the United States.
"It was pointing toward that they were involved in drug activity in other counties outside of ours," Effler said.
The release said authorities then responded to their residence "where consent to search was given by Cantrell and a firearm was located in Cantrell's room."
According to the release, White was at the residence when authorities searched it and they found them to be in possession of a small quantity of heroin.
White was put in the Wayne County Detention Center under a $3,000 secured bond.
Cantrell was put in the Wayne County Detention Center under a $300,000 secured bond.
Recent news:
Orchid targets admitted homeowners market with Spinnaker
David Bull 14 February 2017
US coastal wind-focused managing general agency (MGA) Orchid Underwriters has teamed up with programme insurer Spinnaker to roll out admitted residential homeowners' coverage in the US.
The partnership will initially offer the admitted product line in Alabama early next month, before expanding into other states through the rest of 2017.
Other states thought be targeted for this year include Florida, Mississippi and Virginia.
In a statement, Orchid said the admitted homeowners' coverage written on Spinnaker's AM Best A- rated paper...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Using sunlight for sustainable and cheap production of, for example, medicines. The 'mini-factory' in the form of a leaf that chemical engineers from Eindhoven University of Technology presented in 2016 showed that it is possible. Now the researchers have come with an improved version: their 'mini-factory' is now able to keep production at the same level, irrespective of the variation in sunlight due to cloudiness or time of the day. As a result, this boosts the average yield by about 20%. This is due to a clever feedback system costing less than 50 euros that automatically slows down or speeds up production. This has removed a significant practical barrier for green reactors that operate purely on sunlight.
With their 'artificial leaf' researchers, under the guidance of the Eindhoven chemical engineer Timothy Noël, reaped a lot of admiration about a year and a half ago. First they succeeded in making chemical reactions possible with sunlight - something that had previously seemed almost impossible. Chemists had dreamed of this possibility for ages, but the problem was that the amount of sunlight was not sufficient.
Their breakthrough can be partly attributed to the use of relatively new materials (so-called luminescent solar concentrators) that seal in a specific part of the sunlight inside, in a similar way to plants that do this using special antenna molecules in their leaves. The second discovery was to apply very thin channels in these materials, through which liquids are pumped thereby exposing the liquids to sufficient sunlight to allow chemical reactions to take place. The end products then flow out at the extremities of the channels.
Problem: not always the same amount of sun
One of the biggest practical problems to apply this on a large scale is that there is not always the same intensity of sunlight. Because, for example, the sky is cloudy or the sunlight varies in intensity and composition during the day. "If there is too much light, you get unwanted by-products and if there is too little light, the reactions do not take place or do so too slowly," Noël explains. "Ideally, the system should automatically adapt to the amount of incoming sunlight."
The feedback system developed does exactly that. It consists of just three relatively simple elements. A light sensor measures the amount of light that reaches the channels. A microcontroller translates this signal to a pump speed. And the pump drives the fluids through the channels at that speed. All this costs less than 50 euros. Experiments to determine the required pump speed for a specific light intensity enabled the researchers to optimize the feedback loop.
Test on the roof
In addition to lab testing under artificial light, they also tested their system outdoors in natural sunlight, on top of the roof of one of the buildings on the TU/e campus. At a yield setting of 90%, the system kept production stable for an hour at between 86% and 93%. The same system without feedback looping varied significantly between 55% and 97%. The average yield was increased by about 20% thanks to the feedback loop.
According to Noël, this brings a cheap and sustainable reactor considerably closer to being able to produce chemical products on a large scale, wherever you want, with only sunlight as an energy source. "It is inevitable that energy prices will rise. And with a source of energy like the sun that is free and available, these kinds of technological solutions can make the difference."
###
Reference
Fang Zhao, Dario Cambié, Volker Hessel, Michael Debije and Timothy Noël, Real-time reaction control for solar production of chemicals under fluctuating irradiance, Green Chemistry 2018, 24 april 2018 DOI: 10.1039/c8gc00613j
After an initial glimpse at this summer's San Diego Comic-Con, the first full trailer for Ready Player One premiered this weekend. Author Ernest Cline brought the footage to their hometown theater—Austin, Texas' Alamo Drafthouse—and live-streamed it (with a post-roll Q&A) for fans worldwide on the film's Facebook page. Further Reading Building an Atari game from scratch: Ready Player One reveals The Stacks
"If Willy Wonka was a game designer instead of a candy maker and held their golden-ticket contest inside the world's greatest video game, that's kind of the essence of what the story is," Cline said.
For those unfamiliar with Cline's best-seller, Ready Player One is the story of a kid growing up in the near future, dreaming of escape from their life in a massive, dystopian trailer park. Our hero Wade Watts only finds real happiness in The OASIS, a massive multiplayer VR world where they can indulge their love for 1980s pop culture. (See flashes of The Iron Giant, Battletoads, Lara Croft, Chun-Li, Overwatch characters, and many, many more.)
As the trailer reveals, the creator of The OASIS has (like any great game dev) hidden an Easter Egg within this world. The first person to find said secret stands to earn a boatload of money and control over the Oasis platform itself. Watts soon finds themselves going toe-to-toe with corporate overlords tossing many, many resources at this quest given the economic (and real-world power) upside of running The OASIS.
A nostalgia-reference fest combined with a sort of gaming Matrix doesn't automatically make a great film, but hopes are high given '80s' pop culture master Steven Spielberg signed on long ago to guide Ready Player One. Keeping an eye on the plot through the referential trees will be vital for this story successfully jumping from page to screen, but all the licensed characters showing up even within this brief trailer gives us confidence that a lot of what people loved in the book will be represented fully here. (Cline also helped screenwriter Zak Penn, of X2 and X-Men: The Last Stand, directly craft the story.)
"I wasn't sure you could have a Mecha Godzilla fighting Ultra Man and get away with that and not get sued into oblivion, but that was what's amazing with having Steven Spielberg coming on board," Cline said. "The example I always used was Who Framed Roger Rabbit, because they managed to get a bunch of different properties into one movie. That was Steven Spielberg, and with Ready Player One they made that happen. We weren't able to get everything we wanted, but we got the vast majority... It's amazing how many people want their IP involved in a Spielberg movie."
In the Q&A, Cline went on to say the characters found in this first wave of footage merely represent "the tip of the iceberg" and that "even Michael Crichton on the set of Jurassic Park couldn't be this happy seeing this world come to life." So suffice to say, the Ready Player One version fans will get on March 30, 2018 appears to be very creator-approved.
If you're trying to keep up with the onslaught of trailers sneaking in before a new-year deadline, Teaser Technica has you covered with Batman Ninja, Altered Carbon, a WarGames full-motion video game, and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom (plus at least mentions of Black Mirror S4, Alita, and a new animated Spider-Man featuring Miles Morales).
July 4 (UPI) -- Cable network TNT said it renewed its shows Animal Kingdom and Claws for additional seasons.
Animal Kingdom will return for a fourth season. The drama stars Ellen Barkin as the matriarch of the Cody crime family. It also features Shawn Hatosy, Ben Robson, Jake Weary, Finn Cole, Molly Gordon, Carolina Guerra and Denis Leary.
Claws, a dramedy set in a Florida nail salon, will be back for a third season. Its ensemble includes Niecy Nash, Carrie Preston, Judy Reyes, Karrueche Tran, Jenn Lyon, Jack Kesy, Kevin Rankin, Jason Antoon, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Suleka Mathew, Harold Perrineau and Dean Norris.
Bayern Munich and Arsenal meet in their big-name Champions League round of 16 first leg on Wednesday, both hoping European success will help lift mid-season gloom on their domestic fronts.
Bayern is on track for a record-extending fifth consecutive title with a seven-point lead thanks to their 2-0 win over Ingolstadt on Saturday.
But that result does not tell the whole story, with the German champions looking lacklustre for most of the match before snatching two goals in the final minutes.
The Bavarians have been more a model of efficiency under coach Carlo Ancelotti than the high-scoring, high-speed train of past seasons under predecessor Pep Guardiola.
With fans grumbling about the lack of spark, Ancelotti said Saturday's win gave them the boost needed to take on Arsenal.
“This result gives us a lot of confidence for Wednesday,” Ancelotti said. “We showed great character and that is very important.”
Ancelotti could be without winger Franck Ribery, with the Frenchman working towards a comeback from a thigh muscle injury sustained two weeks ago.
“It will be difficult but we will have to see. We will, however, take no risk with this,” said the coach.
Bayern have posted a record 15 straight home wins in the competition, including three this season. Arsene Wenger's Arsenal have lost in the last 16 for six years in a row, including to Bayern in 2013 and 2014.
The London side ended a two-game losing run with a 2-0 league win over Hull on Saturday but that did little to lift the mood of their fans with Wenger non-committal about their future.
Asked about their future, the coach said: “I focus on what is important, winning football games and getting the team to perform. The rest, I cannot influence.”
Chilean Alexis Sanchez scored both goals against Hull but their own future is equally unclear and Wenger knows that a good result in Munich will go a long way in pushing these issues into the background.
“We have had bad experiences against them (Bavaria),” said Wenger of their past eliminations, including one back in 2005. “But I feel that this is a good opportunity.”
“We have won there before and we play the first game away from home, so it is important we protect the second game because I feel that to have a chance to qualify in the second leg, that will be very important.”
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The man who died at Knockferry Pier in Moycullen on New Year's Eve has been named locally as Noel McDonagh.
Mr. McDonagh, who was 67 years of age, had been living in Dublin but was originally from the Knockferry area of Rosscahill.
Emergency Services attended the scene at Knockferry pier shortly after 8pm on Saturday where the body of Mr. McDonagh was recovered from the water.
It's understood they may have been working with a boat at the time and Gardai believe their vehicle may have slipped into the water.
* Q1 growth was 5.1 pct y/y, lowest for a quarter since Q1 2014
* Trends could make 2017's 6.7 pct target unreachable - official
* Electronics production impacted by Samsung's Note 7 woes (Add details, quotes)
By Mai Nguyen
HANOI, March 29 Vietnam's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter, government data showed on Wednesday, as production was weak in agriculture, mining and manufacturing.
The General Statistics Office (GSO) said annual growth in January-March was 5.1 percent. That was the slowest expansion for any quarter since the first three months of 2014.
Nguyen Bich Lam, head of GSO, said that if current trends are maintained, Vietnam is "unlikely to reach" its 2017 growth target of 6.7 percent.
Vietnam has been among Asia's fastest growing economies, though in 2016, the economy slowed for the first time in four years, to 6.21 percent from the previous year's 6.68 percent pace.
The extension into 2017 of last year's drought and salination problems hurt agricultural output of Vietnam, a major exporter of rice and coffee.
In the first quarter, mining sector production dropped 10 percent from the same period last year, the GSO said, amid the government's effort to steer away from natural resources, especially in coal, crude oil and gas.
Annual growth of manufacturing in the first quarter slipped to 8.3 percent from 8.9 percent one year earlier, due to falls in food processing and electronics, said Ha Quang Tuyen, head of the GSO's National Accounts Department.
Tuyen said electronics production fell 1 percent in the first quarter from a year, partly due to problems South Korea's Samsung Electronics's experienced with its Note 7 battery.
Samsung, Vietnam's biggest foreign investor, has invested billions of dollars in the Southeast Asian nation.
Lam of GSO said challenges facing Vietnam include low labour productivity, a continuing impact from drought and salination, inflation, and how the current economic structure is not facilitating stable growth. (Reporting by Mai Nguyen; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
Dec 11, 2017 - 03:25 PM UTC — Error getting data for AAPL | Error getting data for NASDAQ
Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews!
GENEVA — About 90 people are feared drowned after a smugglers' boat carrying mostly Pakistani migrants capsized off Libya's coast early Friday, the U.N.'s migration agency said.
Ten bodies have washed ashore near the Libyan town of Zuwara following the tragedy in the early morning, said International Organization for Migration spokesperson Olivia Headon, citing information from its partner agencies.
"We are told that two survivors swam to shore, and one person was rescued by a fishing boat," Headon said by phone from Tunisia's capital to reporters at the U.N. in Geneva. "We are working to get more details on the (capsizing) and where the survivors are so that we can assist them better."
The Libyan coast guard said in a statement Friday that, following reports of the incident, they sent out a patrol from the port city of Zuwarah on Friday morning but found no signs of a capsized boat, survivors, or drowned migrants. It called on the international organizations that issued the report to provide evidence to substantiate their claim of the incident.
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry said 11 of its citizens had drowned in the incident. Ministry spokesperson Mohammad Faisal told The Associated Press that Pakistani diplomats reached Libya's coastal area to collect more details and begin the process of repatriating the bodies of the deceased.
Headon said Pakistani nationals are increasing among the number of migrants attempting to cross the Mediterranean to Italy and Europe via Libya. By nationality, Pakistanis last year made up the 13th largest nationality represented among migrants making the crossing, but they were the third-largest contingent in January.
Headon said the reason for the increasing flow of Pakistanis wasn't immediately clear, nor whether the greater influx is likely to continue, but added: "We're looking into it."
IOM says 6,624 people crossed the Mediterranean in January — about two-thirds of them to Italy — about a 10-per cent increase from a year earlier. About 250 people died in the crossing in January, six fewer than a year ago.
The Associated Press
Australian naval officers deployed to the Middle East have seized 414 kilograms of heroin and dumped the drugs at sea.
Crew members aboard a Seahawk chopper found the drugs after intercepting a smuggling vessel in the Western Indian Ocean.
The HMAS Warramunga has seized and disposed 11.5 tonnes of hashish and 1.5 tonnes of heroin from seven vessels since deploying to the Middle East in November.
"As a result of this latest seizure, Warramunga has now taken more than $1 billion of narcotics out of circulation," Commander Dugald Clelland said on Saturday.
"Meaning the funds raised from this sale are no longer available for use by terrorist organisations around the world."
900 Hartzell, btwn 5/17/17 at 9 AM and 5/19/17 at 9 AM. The suspect took victim's jewelry while work was being done on their house.
Johannesburg - Graphics released by the Automobile Association following last week's announcement of the 2017 road fatality figures, paint a grim picture about the carnage on South Africa's roads.
According to road fatality statistics released by the RTMC, a total of 14 050 people died on South Africa's roads in 2017, and although that figure is slightly lower than the previous year, it's still higher than any year from 2008 to 2015.
The AA says the latest stats are a further indication of the need for urgent road safety intervention on the country's roads.
It added that interventions in curbing pedestrian deaths should be key focus to reduce overall fatality statistics.
In the last 10 years pedestrians have accounted for between 34% and 38% of all road deaths, with passengers making up around 34% and drivers less than 30%.
In fact, cutting the pedestrian death rate by half would bring the national figures down by almost 20%.
Urgent action needed
The AA suggests creating extensive countrywide pedestrian education campaigns as a possible solution, along with safer public transport options and creating a safer environment for pedestrians to commute, particularly on busy roads. A swifter introduction of crash avoidance technology in vehicles was also suggested.
“Seen against the backdrop of the fatality statistics the past ten years (from 2008) these numbers prove that current road safety initiatives are simply not working,” the AA said.
“Since then, almost 135 000 people died in road crashes in South Africa. This is a shocking number which, without urgent intervention, genuine commitment from all role-players, and a complete change in the attitude of all road users, will never significantly decrease”.
The AA also urged road users to take more personal responsibility as government could only do so much to improve road safety.
“Unfortunately too many South Africans have an extremely bad attitude towards safe road use, and all the education and enforcement in the world will not stop those intent on playing by their own rules. Without a change of attitude among road users – and, importantly, a respect for the law - efforts to decrease fatalities and crashes by a noticeable margin will fall flat.” the association concluded.
IOL Motoring
FILE - In this Friday, March 23, 2018 file photo, Russia head coach Stanislav Cherchesov waits for the start of an international friendly soccer match between Russia and Brazil at the Luzhniki stadium in Moscow. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin, File)
FILE - In this Friday, March 23, 2018 file photo, Russia head coach Stanislav Cherchesov waits for the start of an international friendly soccer match between Russia and Brazil at the Luzhniki stadium in Moscow. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin, File)
MOSCOW (AP) - No Russian team has made it out of the group stage at the World Cup since the Soviet era and a spate of recent injuries is going to make it tough on the hosts again this year.
Expectations have plummeted since Russia won the right to host the World Cup eight years ago. Back then, the team glowed with potential after reaching the semifinals at the 2008 European Championship.
But there has been no Russian revival. Despite having the largest population in Europe and a rich football history, Russia is a sleeping giant that remains dormant.
At Euro 2018, Russia was better known for its marauding hooligans than its defense-first approach in games.
The Russians appeared to have the luck of the draw at the Kremlin in December, however. They were handed a World Cup opener on June 14 against Saudi Arabia - the only team in the FIFA rankings below the hosts - while Egypt and Uruguay complete the group.
However, recent friendlies have shown the injury-hit Russian defense could struggle to contain two of the game's most potent strikers: Mohamed Salah of Egypt and Luis Suarez of Uruguay.
Even if Russia makes it out of the group, a stiff challenge is likely in the next round from Portugal or Spain.
Russia's World Cup squad will consist almost entirely of players who play in the domestic league, largely thanks to a limit on foreign players. Advocates of the curbs say it ensures homegrown youngsters get a fair chance to develop, but critics argue that reducing inter-squad competition and lower-quality opposition can make players complacent.
Here's a closer look at the Russia team:
COACH
Stanislav Cherchesov has tried to refresh a team that was one of the oldest at Euro 2016.
The former international goalkeeper made younger players such as Roman Zobnin (24) and Aleksandr Golovin (21) into key members of the team, but has yet to turn that potential into standout performances.
Injuries have put their preference for three central defenders under scrutiny, since the replacements have struggled in friendlies.
GOALKEEPERS
Russia captain Igor Akinfeev shot to fame as the 22-year-old goalkeeper who pulled off stunning saves on the team's way to the semifinals at Euro 2008.
Predictions of a big-money transfer never materialized and they spent their entire career at CSKA Moscow. They have a tendency to make errors in high-profile games, including an embarrassing fumble which let South Korea score at the 2014 World Cup.
DEFENDERS
Injuries have hit Russia's back line hard, with central defenders Viktor Vasin and Georgy Dzhikiya both sustaining severe knee injuries.
In their place, the trio of Fyodor Kudryashov, Roman Neustaedter and Vladimir Granat were overwhelmed by France in a 3-1 friendly loss in March.
Former Chelsea wingback Yuri Zhirkov could start on the left, with Brazil-born Mario Fernandes a contender for a spot on the right.
MIDFIELDERS
Zobnin and Golovin are Russia's main emerging talents.
Golovin, a creative spark for CSKA Moscow, seemed overawed at Euro 2016 but now has more experience.
Playing deeper than they do for Spartak Moscow, Denis Glushakov is likely to be under pressure as the main defensive midfielder. And playmaker Alan Dzagoev, once considered one of Europe's brightest young talents but now 27, has a chance to finally make a meaningful impact at international level.
FORWARDS
Aleksandr Kokorin's injury has dramatically reduced Russia's attacking options.
Fyodor Smolov, the Russian league's top scorer for the last three seasons, is the clear leading choice, but understudies Dmitry Poloz and Anton Zabolotny have failed to impress so far.
Cherchesov could still call on Artyom Dzyuba, who has 11 goals in 22 Russia games, but their stock has fallen after conflicts with the Zenit St. Petersburg management led to them being sent on loan to Arsenal Tula.
GROUP GAMES
The hosts open the tournament against Saudi Arabia on June 14 in Moscow, near their training base. Russia, which reached the quarterfinals in 1958, 1962 and 1970 as the Soviet Union, then faces Egypt on June 19 and Uruguay on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website by the Islamic State-affiliated Amaq News Agency on March 26, 2017, shows men, said to be Islamic State fighters, firing their weapons, said to be in Western Mosul, Iraq. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website by the Islamic State-affiliated Amaq News Agency on March 26, 2017, shows a man, said to be an Islamic State fighter, firing their weapon, said to be in Western Mosul, Iraq. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
A still image taken from a video posted to a social media website by the Islamic State-affiliated Amaq News Agency on March 26, 2017, shows a man, said to be an Islamic State fighter, firing their weapon, said to be in Western Mosul, Iraq. Social Media Website via Reuters TV
BADUSH, Iraq Islamic State fighters have pulled out of this deserted village on the Tigris river, which Iraqi commanders say was a crucial outpost defending their nearby stronghold of Mosul, but signs of their presence abound.
As the sounds of battle echo in the distance, the stinking corpses of dead militants line a path from a home they used as a command post down to the river bank.
An enormous cement plant nearby still contains dozens of rockets and booby-trapped car bombs, one of which killed sappers entering the facility on Sunday.
The fighting here is different from the intense street battles raging further to the southeast in Mosul, Islamic State's last major urban stronghold in Iraq. The U.S.-backed offensive to drive the group out of Mosul has recaptured most of the city.
But once operations there wind down, Iraqi forces will need to capture and clear rural centres like Badush as they move west towards the Syrian border and the next target, the Islamic State-held flashpoint town of Tal Afar.
Iraqi officers in Badush say that fight will be easier, but jihadists in the many villages IS still controls towards Tal Afar have kept troops occupied weeks after they seized this area, and made their presence felt.
"Badush was an important base for Daesh (Islamic State)," Lieutenant Colonel Ali Jassem of the 9th Armoured Division said, sitting outside Badush as artillery fired at distant targets.
"It's the starting point for the supply route from Mosul west to Tal Afar, and on towards Syria," where the group will soon have to defend its stronghold of Raqqa.
The strategic importance of outposts like Badush was clear from what the jihadists left as they withdrew.
A large three-dimensional battle map of the area, made of earth, sticks and string, takes up the entire living room of the house next to the river.
In its tiny garden, a deep shaft led down to an underground tunnel a military official said was nearly a mile (1.60 km) long and was used to ferry supplies or fighters undetected.
The Iraqi army and Shi'ite paramilitary forces recaptured Badush earlier this month, severing supply lines and trapping militants inside the city.
Advancing towards Tal Afar should be more straightforward, Colonel Adnan Jabbar said. "It's open ground, there are no tall buildings, no civilians to use as cover" in villages where local populations have fled as Islamic State's grip loosens, they said.
CAR BOMBS, BOOBY TRAPS
Nonetheless, fully securing the Badush area is taking weeks.
Islamic State fighters had two years to prepare their defences in the villages west of Mosul and are now launching suicide attacks and leaving nasty surprises behind for troops.
"Sometimes there are 10 car bombs driven into the area in one day," Alaa Abboudi, a soldier, said.
Troops took precautions in capturing the cement factory, delaying the final assault for more than two weeks to let demoralised militants escape or come out and fight, so engineers could concentrate on de-mining it when they moved in, Jassem said.
They found no fighters inside, but accidentally triggered a booby-trapped car bomb which the militants had left, killing five soldiers, Staff Brigadier General Waleed Khalifa, deputy commander of the 9th Armoured Division said.
What they did find was several car bombs, 50 or 60 Katyusha rockets and many IEDs (improvised explosive devices), they said.
In the next village along, forces took fewer chances. A helicopter gunship fired up to 10 missiles at a brick warehouse also used to make explosives.
Of around 180 militants in Badush when Iraqi forces attacked, some were killed and some retreated to the factory before fleeing, an army media officer said. They did not now where they had headed.
(Reporting by John Davison; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
A total of 177 Palestinians have been injured in a new wave of clashes with the Israeli servicemen in the West Bank and in the Gaza Strip, mostly due to the use of tear gas, local medical organizations told Sputnik.
According to the Palestine Red Crescent Society's figures, a total of 164 Palestinians were injured in the clashes that took place in the West Bank on Friday.
"Eight of them were injured by military bullets, 25 by rubber bullets, 131 were injured by gas," Palestine Red Crescent Society's spokesperson Erab Fuqaha said.
© AP Photo/ Tsafrir Abayov Israeli Defense Minister Vows to Destroy All Tunnels in Gaza Strip in 2018
Another 13 Palestinians were injured during the clashes at the Gaza Strip 's border with Israel, Gaza Health Ministry spokesperson Ashraf Kidra told Sputnik.
Meanwhile, palestinian militants fired a projectile from the Gaza Strip targeting the territory of Israel, the press service of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) said on Friday.
"Moments ago, following sirens that sounded in the Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council, a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip at Israel was identified," the statement read.
No information about casualties or material damages were provided.
Earlier in the day, the Israeli Air Force hit a Hamas observation post in the Gaza Strip in response to a rocket shelling from the enclave against Israel.
© AP Photo/ Tsafrir Abayov IDF Reports of Two Rocket Launches From Gaza Strip at Israeli Territory
Rocket launches from the Gaza Strip have intensified following US President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on December 6, 2017. The Israeli authorities blame the Hamas movement for rocket attacks, demanding compliance with the ceasefire by all the Palestinian factions.
For decades, Israel has been in conflict with the Palestinians, who have been seeking diplomatic recognition for their independent state on the territories of the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, which are partially occupied by Israel, and the Gaza Strip.
Tensions between Israel and Palestine have flared up after US President Donald Trump announced in December that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and relocate the US embassy to the city from Tel Aviv. Since then, the clashes between Palestinians and the Israeli forces take place on almost everyday basis.
An active shooter drill is scheduled to take place at Baldwin High School on Friday morning, school officials say.
It is expected to happen sometime between 8 and 9:30 a.m.
Officials said the last drill involved simulated gunfire and flash bombs.
People in the surrounding area may hear blasts or booms.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
BOONE, N.C. (AP) - Two people are dead in North Carolina after a home they were in collapsed.
News outlets report that the Boone Police Department confirmed the deaths. Rescuers responded to the scene about 5 p.m. on Wednesday. The victims have not been identified.
Outlets report that the collapse is believed to have been caused by severe weather in the area.
Gov. Roy Cooper on Wednesday declared a state of emergency for their hard-hit mountain counties, saying the forecast for the rest of the week calls for isolated heavy rain storms that could instantly cause flooding in areas that have had 20 inches (50 centimeters) of rain in the past 15 days.
Cooper said, "This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts."
With 43,000 domestic and international students on campus, including 6,800 at the graduate level, the University of Ottawa is the largest bilingual (French-English) university in the world. This modern institution in the heart of the nation's capital is a recognized leader in the advancement of interdisciplinary research in social sciences, health, engineering, science and the humanities.
For students seeking admission to high-quality, well-supported education at the higher levels through masters and doctorate programs, uOttawa makes an excellent destination of choice. As uOttawa recruiter François Thibeault points out, uOttawa has always invested in the resources and support it needs to ensure student success.
“Education is a precious gift,” they said. “We make sure we are offering our students the very best learning environment possible.”
That environment includes amazing work spaces such as the Faculty of Social Sciences building that opened in 2012, and an Advanced Research Complex that opened its doors in 2014 to allow the Science and Engineering faculties to bridge the gap between basic research and technological innovation. A brand new state-of-the-art Learning Crossroads campus study centre that opened earlier this year is equipped with extensive study spaces, and even a laboratory where students can try out new tools and technologies. Under construction is a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) complex that will provide exciting new opportunities for interdisciplinary teaching, research and entrepreneurship.
The university is nothing, if not flexible. PhD Civil Engineering candidate Jacob Stolle is taking advantage of the cross-cultural benefits offered by a “cotutelle” program for doctoral students that has allowed them to extend their coastal engineering research studies to universities in Japan and Germany. Their fully funded research focuses on the effects of water and debris flow against structures during tsunami-like flooding events, and on designing structures that can survive these extreme forces.
In the fall, Stolle will begin a year-long term at the Technical University of Braunschweig near Hanover with Professor Nils Goseberg, before returning to Canada in 2019 for their final thesis work at uOttawa under the supervision of advisers Dr. Ioan Nistor and Dr. Emil Petriu.
Stolle, who plans to follow a career in coastal engineering, said they are enjoying all aspects of their program, from writing academic papers and proposals for funding, to pouring concrete and doing numerical modelling.
“I get to dictate a lot of what I do, and mostly drive the project,” they said. “I've also been given a chance to teach a second-year fluid mechanics course to see if I would like to stay in the academic community. I really liked it.”
Former Communications faculty student Catherine Paquette, who today works as lead communications adviser for a political party in Quebec, attended uOttawa for their undergraduate degree in Public Relations, and to their surprise stayed on to complete a Master of Arts degree in Communication (Media Studies option) in 2015.
Paquette said they fully intended on moving back to Montreal after finishing their BA in 2013, but that all changed during the last session of their bachelor's when one of their professors asked them to consider entering the Masters program under their supervision.
“The thought of continuing my education at uOttawa with Dr. Luc Dupont as my supervisor convinced me,” they said. “I don't know if I would have gone on to do my MA otherwise.”
During the summer before they started their Masters program, Paquette said their research topic “appeared out of nowhere” in the aftermath of the July 6, 2013 Lac-Mégantic rail disaster.
“I was shocked, even traumatized by the tragedy,” they said. “As each day passed, and we learned more from the media about the communication strategies of the Montreal, Maine and Atlantic Railway, it seemed obvious to me that this crisis management event would become a textbook case.”
Paquette said the smaller class sizes in the MA program allowed students to develop good team spirit and a special bond with their professors that deepened the learning process for them Although they chose to take their courses only in French, the extensive faculty resources of uOttawa gave them access to senior level mentorship in both French and English.
“I loved my experience at uOttawa,” they said. “The campus, the facilities, the extremely helpful university resources — and most of all the professors — were extremely important factors for me.”
For more information on graduate and postdoctoral studies at uOttawa, visit http://www.uottawa.ca/graduate-studies.
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of uOttawa Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies.
By GREG BEACHAM, AP Sports Writer
Gavin and Joe Maloof are so confident Floyd Mayweather Jr. will beat Conor McGregor that they bet $880,000 on it.
And if the Maloof brothers are big winners along with Mayweather on Aug. 26, they are giving the proceeds of their whopping wager to charity.
The wealthy entrepreneurs and former Sacramento Kings owners revealed their extraordinary bet to The Associated Press on Sunday, two days after they placed the wager at the South Point Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. The bet is thought to be the biggest yet made on the fight, which is expected to be Vegas' biggest spectacle in recent years.
The Maloofs will make a $160,000 profit if Mayweather — a minus-550 favorite Friday — remains unbeaten against McGregor, the UFC champion making their pro boxing debut.
“I know a family that's going to be watching this fight very, very closely,” Maloof said with a laugh.
Gavin Maloof told the AP that the family will donate the proceeds to multiple charities in Las Vegas and in Los Angeles, where sister Adrienne Maloof is active in charity work, in the name of Never Too Hungover, their widely distributed hangover prevention drink.
“We have a huge opportunity to help a lot of people in charities, so we decided to do it,” Gavin Maloof said. “It's a neat way to enjoy the fight, and it's a fun way to promote our product.”
Mayweather and Gavin Maloof are longtime neighbors, living down the street from each other in a tony Las Vegas suburb. Gavin went to a recent workout at Mayweather's gym and emerged with overwhelming confidence that age hasn't eroded the 40-year-old unbeaten champion's skills, even after a two-year layoff.
“So I called my brother, Joe, and said, ‘We should put a wager on Floyd, because I don't think he's going to lose,'” Gavin said. “Not to take anything away from Conor. He's good. But I just like Floyd a lot.”
The Maloofs spoke to the South Point sportsbook and settled on an $880,000 bet — a number that was initially too big to display properly on a betting ticket. The casino rewrote the bet into two $440,000 tickets that will pay out a total of $1.04 million if Mayweather wins.
The Maloofs are actually going against the betting trends on this potentially one-sided fight. Roughly 95 percent of the tickets and 85 percent of the money has been bet on McGregor in recent weeks, and Vegas sportsbooks likely are hoping many more bettors will follow the Maloofs' lead to offset their extraordinary liability in the event of a shocking upset win by McGregor.
Gavin has attended Mayweather's last dozen fights in person and watched everything the champion has ever done, so they feel confident in their bet. Yet they also see how an upset could happen — which only makes it more exciting.
“Floyd is the greatest counterpuncher that probably ever lived,” Maloof said. “I know Conor is a great puncher, and I'm not taking anything away from the UFC. Conor is probably going to be the aggressor. Floyd will wait until they punch. You have a guy switching sports, and that's not easy, and then you're taking on the greatest boxer of all time. Now on the reverse side, you have Conor who's much younger, and maybe that will affect Floyd. It's a good fight.”
The brothers conceived the bet purely for the gambling thrill of it, but quickly realized they could make it even more important. They decided to select several charities to distribute their profits to charity on behalf of Never Too Hungover.
The Maloofs sold the Kings to Vivek Ranadive in 2013 for $534 million, an NBA record at the time. The brothers will be near the ring at T-Mobile Arena on Aug. 26 to see whether their big bet pays off.
“It should be a great event for everybody,” Gavin Maloof said. “We'll be able to do a lot of good things.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
UPDATE 2-Trump nominates Democrat Rosenworcel to serve again as FCC commissioner
WASHINGTON, June 14 The U.S. Senate will again consider Jessica Rosenworcel, a Democrat, to be a commissioner of the Federal Communications Commission after Republican President Donald Trump nominated them late on Tuesday.
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Charles Zoeller)
NEW YORK | A man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in the subway near Times Square on Monday, injuring the suspect and three other people at the height of the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. The 7:30 a.m. blast caused smoke to fill the passageway, which was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said they were inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer is holding the man's hands behind theirs back.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to their hands and abodmen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Elrana Peralta, a customer service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened, but didn't hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They also didn't hear the blast, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
Video from above the “Crossroads of the World” showed lines of police and emergency vehicles, their lights flashing, lining the streets and no other vehicle traffic moving.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverting to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
× Newly unsealed documents shed light on Prince's death
MINNEAPOLIS — None of the medications found in Prince's home following their death last year were prescribed to him, according to court documents unsealed Monday.
Bottles of opioid painkillers — some prescribed to Prince's former drummer and longtime friend Kirk Johnson — were found in several places in Paisley Park, and many medications were found in vitamin pill bottles and in envelopes, search warrants showed.
Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg said they wrote an Oxycodone prescription for Prince under Johnson's name for privacy purposes, according to a search warrant that was among the documents unsealed.
The details from those documents show the possible direction of the criminal investigation into Prince's accidental overdose death almost exactly a year ago, a death that left fans around the world heartbroken and bewildered.
No one has been charged in connection with their death, but authorities say the investigation is still open and active.
The medical examiner's office said Prince died of an accidental overdose of the opioid fentanyl. The Minneapolis Star Tribune last August quoted a source with knowledge of the investigation as saying that pills seized by investigators at Prince's home were labeled as hydrocodone but actually contained fentanyl.
Fentanyl is the strongest painkiller on the market, estimated to be at least 50 times more potent than morphine and at least 30 times more potent than heroin.
But the circumstances that led up to their death remain a mystery. Among the unanswered questions haunting those who loved and admired him: Who supplied Prince with the painkiller that killed him? Did they know what they were taking? And how long was they taking opioid pain medication?
According to a search warrant issued April 21, 2016, the same day Prince was found dead at their home in Chanhassen, Minnesota, investigators found several pills labeled “Watson 853” — hydrocodone-acetaminophen, sometimes called Vicodin — and capsules marked “A-349,” which is Percocet, in different bottles in various locations in the residence. Also according to the search warrant, investigators were told by witnesses that Prince “recently had a history of going through withdrawals which are believed to be the result of abuse of prescription medication.”
Schulenberg was among those who arrived at Paisley Park after the singer's body was found in an elevator inside the complex, according to the documents.
Federal prosecutors and the Drug Enforcement Administration are investigating how Prince obtained prescription medications and from whom.
Pills found in suitcase
Information in the warrants also revealed that investigators found a suitcase containing several prescription bottles in the name of Johnson, who told investigators last year that the singer had been struggling with opiate use.
The suitcase also contained the lyrics for “You got the Look,” which appeared to be in Prince's handwriting. The suitcase had a tag on it bearing the name “Peter Bravestrong,” which investigators determined is an alias for Prince.
CNN's attempts to reach Johnson on Monday were not immediately successful.
Schulenburg is a local doctor who was employed at North Memorial Medical Center. They left their job there nearly three weeks after Prince's death.
According to a search warrant, Schulenberg told authorities they saw Prince on April 7 and April 20, and prescribed medications for Prince to be picked up at a Walgreen's pharmacy. They went to Paisley Park on April 21 — the day Prince was found — to drop off test results, they said.
Search warrants and other documents related to criminal cases are normally public record, but authorities had requested all documents related to the Prince death investigation be sealed as the probe proceeded. Authorities asked that the search warrants be sealed “until April 17, 2017 or when a criminal case may be instituted, whichever occurs first.”
Last show and an emergency landing
About a week before their death, Prince's private jet made an emergency landing early April 15 in Moline, Illinois, on the way back from a performance in Atlanta. Their publicist reassured fans that the 57-year-old star was fine, but a May 6 search warrant said investigators spoke to a witness who said Prince was rushed to a hospital because they were unconscious, and that the singer had admitted to taking one or two pain pills.
The day before Prince died, their team called an eminent opioid addiction specialist in California seeking urgent help for the singer, an attorney working for the specialist and their son said.
The specialist, Dr. Howard Kornfeld, couldn't get there immediately so they sent their son, Andrew Kornfeld, on an overnight flight to Minnesota. The goal was for the younger Kornfeld to help evaluate Prince's health and encourage them to enter treatment for pain management and potential addiction issues, attorney William Mauzy told reporters.
But by the time Andrew Kornfeld arrived at the singer's Paisley Park complex on the morning of April 21, it was too late. They and five others were searching for Prince when Kornfeld said they heard a scream. They ran down the hall and found the 57-year-old entertainer unresponsive in an elevator. Andrew Kornfeld was the person who called 911, Mauzy said.
Prince's body was later cremated. Although the medical examiner's office released the cause of death, the full toxicology report was not — and will not be — released.
Signs of trouble?
Nearly everyone who was close to Prince — and who has been willing to speak to the media — said they never saw them taking any drugs. “He was the healthiest man I knew,” a bodyguard known as “Romeo” told CNN.
That narrative is slowly beginning to change. In a new memoir called “The Most Beautiful,” Prince's first wife, Mayte Garcia, said they never saw them take drugs, but they did say the singer once asked them to go up to their hotel room and “flush some pills.” They said they didn't question what they were.
On another occasion, within weeks of their 1996 wedding, Garcia said they were informed that Prince was in the hospital and had to have their stomach pumped. Them husband explained that they had mixed wine with aspirin, they said.
They also write of the couple's devastation after their first child died soon after birth and recounts noticing that their “Vicodin kept disappearing.” They divorced in 2000.
And the former attorney for two of Prince's dead siblings says they had revealed Prince had an addiction to Percocet decades ago.
Prince's half-brother, Duane Nelson, said they used to get the drug for Prince to help them come down after shows, attorney Michael B. Padden said. Nelson died in 2013.
Another half-sibling, Lorna Nelson, also alleged drug use by Prince but was not involved in getting drugs for him, Padden said. They died in 2006.
EpiPen auto-injection epinephrine pens manufactured by Mylan NV pharmaceutical company for use by severe allergy sufferers are seen in Washington, U.S. August 24, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo
Generic drugmaker Mylan NV said on Friday that its manufacturing partner for EpiPen devices had expanded a recall of the life-saving allergy shot in the United States and other markets.
The announcement comes a week after Mylan said it had recalled about 81,000 EpiPen devices in countries outside the United States following two reports of the company's allergy treatment failing to work in emergencies.
The recall is being initiated in the United States and will extend to Europe, Asia, North and South America, Mylan said.
The recalled product was manufactured by Meridian Medical Technologies, a Pfizer Inc company, and distributed by Mylan between December 2015 and July 2016.
Mylan, which is the focus of multiple federal investigations, has come under fire for staggering price increases on the emergency shot in the United States.
Mylan has also been heavily criticized for classifying EpiPen as a generic rather than a branded product, which led to much smaller rebates from the company to state Medicaid programs.
(Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Wu Yongning from China set up a camera to make a viral video of themselves climbing atop a skyscraper and thus earn their girlfriend a bridal gift, but met their death instead.
The video shows a 26-year-old daredevil, known as the Chinese "first rooftopper", doing pull-ups on the 62nd floor of a Changsha building, Huan province, but then struggling to get back up on the ledge. Suddenly, as their strength oozes away, their hands slip and they land on a terrace 45 feet below.
The footage of the tragedy was taken from a camera Wu had set up on another part of the building to livestream their landmark stunt, for the 217th time in their life.
The accident happened a month ago, but the death was formerly recorded only on December 8, prompting a wave of tributes from Wu's fans on social media:
RIP Wu Yongning 😪🙏🏼 — Slump God (@_FJ120) 11 декабря 2017 г.
Forever lost on the heights of urban jungle. RIP Yongning Wu. pic.twitter.com/0dOkfeKgl1 — Hero Survival (@HeroSurvival) 9 декабря 2017 г.
​READ MORE: Shaolin Kung-Fu Master: A Nut Tough To CrackInvincible Kung Fu Master's Body Defies Electric Drill and Iron Spears
Jessica Sullivan has a big family, and for her, that includes their eight pet chickens.
"Just seeing them prance around the yard is pure magic," Sullivan said with a smile.
Sullivan's chickens give them fresh eggs, and keep their yard clear of bugs and scorpions, but to her, they are their pets. That is why they said she's concerned about a new city ordinance. They said at first, they were on board, because it allowed for chickens to be kept in backyards. But after reviewing the ordinance further, they found some portions of it they and other chicken owners were not comfortable with.
"You have to get neighbor consent. So say a neighbor moves, and then the new neighbor doesn't want to give [consent], then you have to give up your pets," they said.
The ordinance requires all chicken owners to get written consent from neighbors. They can also at any point withdraw their consent.
"The neighbor consent portion needs to be done away with," they said.
Sullivan and about 600 other people have signed a petition to get that neighbor permission clause out of the ordinance. After the petition began circling, Sullivan said councilman Bob Coffin reached out and asked to have a meeting. Monday, Sullivan went to meet them prepared to discuss concerns from the chicken community.
"I'm hopeful," they said as they made their way to their office.
FOX5 informed Councilman Coffin a reporter and photographer would be coming to their office, but they were visibly upset.
"It's a misfortune you have a camera here with you," Coffin said to Sullivan. "I don't know why you brought the news with you."
Sullivan explained their concerns about the bill, and Coffin said to get it passed, they had to allow for certain concessions like the neighbor clause. They also said they don't plan to make any changes to the bill.
"What do you expect from a politician who lives and dies by votes?" they asked them "People have to be patient. You have to be cooperative to make this work. If you're going to b**ch and moan about it, I can't help."
Following the 30 minute meeting, Sullivan said they were disappointed by the councilman's stance.
"I think the first step is being heard, and while nothing is going to be changed, at least we got out voice out there," they said. "I am hopeful we can not have issues with our neighbors and maybe people will start to be more open. Maybe if people see this segment, they'll understand how much joy [our chickens] bring people."
Other chicken owners also reached out to talk about another recent city council ordinance which allowed for a family to keep a lion, tiger, and jaguar in their backyard near Rainbow and Sahara. Neighbor consent was not required for that move.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
March 19 (UPI) -- Although it doesn't hit shelves for another month, a book written by former FBI Director James Comey is already the best-selling book in the United States.
Comey's memoir, A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership, is scheduled for an April 17 release -- less than a year after the former bureau chief was abruptly fired by President Donald Trump.
The book topped Amazon's best-seller list Monday, based on pre-orders.
The memoir details Comey's "never-before-told experiences from some of the highest-stakes situations of their career" -- including the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation and accusations of ties between Trump and Russia.
Since their firing in May 2017, Comey has criticized Trump for their handling of the Russia investigation and the two have often sparred on Twitter. Trump took aim at Comey over the weekend, after Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe was fired just days before they could retire with full benefits.
"Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!" Trump tweeted Saturday.
Comey was quick to fire back.
"Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon," Comey answered last week. "And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not."
Comey is scheduled to give their first interview since their firing with ABC News on April 15.
Later, Trump escalated attacks on McCabe, Comey and special counsel Robert Mueller's team investigating purported Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election. The president disputed claims that McCabe had taken notes of their meetings in the Oval Office.
"Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but they never took notes when they were with me," Trump wrote. "I don't believe they made memos except to help their own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?"
WASHINGTON, D.C., October 6, 2017 -- If you've ever lived in an apartment building or stayed in a hotel room, you are probably familiar with the inconvenience of inadequate sound absorption. Acoustic absorption refers to the absorption of sound energy by a material. Whether it's to improve acoustics or to prevent noisy neighbors, sound absorption has multiple applications in engineering and architecture, which can be improved by asymmetric acoustics.
Many asymmetric absorbers, those that only absorb sound coming in from one direction, are currently based on a single-port system, where sound enters one side and is absorbed before a rigid wall. In this design, however, light and air are unable to pass through the system. But a combined research effort from Nanjing University and the Chinese Academy of Sciences shows that asymmetric absorption can be realized within a straight transparent waveguide. The waveguide allows light transmission and air flow through the absorber and is described this week in Applied Physics Letters, from AIP Publishing.
Ying Cheng, associate professor of physics at Nanjing University, and their colleagues developed a methodology to induce non-reciprocal absorption and reflectance for both multiband and broadband sound. They discovered that sound was almost completely absorbed, more than 96 percent, when using the multiband absorber in an asymmetric Helmholtz resonance (HR) fashion.
"Therefore, we were curious about whether there are artificial structures with the effect of 'blocking' sound waves which act as the rigid wall, but [are] transparent to light and wind," Cheng said.
Within a tube with both ends open they constructed an asymmetric sound absorber. "[T]he system can almost totally absorb the sound energy impinging on one port, but largely reflects the sound energy entering the other port," they said. "In the system, one of [the] Helmholtz resonators (located on branches to the main tube and acting as shunts) functions as an artificial soft wall which can block sound waves as if they were a rigid solid wall."
Asymmetric absorbers use a more complicated method of absorption than, say, porous metameterials that absorb from both directions. Often, nonlinear effects or highly complex structures are required to break reciprocity and allow reflection from one direction.
Here, however, the clever design of the shunted HR pairs takes advantage of natural loss mechanisms to achieve the effect. These systems could find a number of applications in architectural design, specifically in the design of acoustically isolated rooms where light and air flow is still desired.
"The researchers may [have] found an almost 100 percent absorption of the noise from outside of a room for acoustic isolation as well as high reflection of the sound waves inside the room to enhance the reverberation. And most importantly, the design allows free interchange of air between the outside and the room, which they were unable to do in previous prototypes [with only one end of the tube being open]," Cheng said.
Using the newly developed model, "we may extend asymmetric sound absorption into a two-dimensional planar system by using other types of acoustic resonators to make the asymmetric absorption more widely used," said Cheng.
###
The article, "Asymmetric absorber with multiband and broadband for low-frequency sound," is authored by Houyou Long, Ying Cheng and Xiaojun Liu. The article appeared in Applied Physics Letters Oct. 3, 2017 (DOI: 10.1063/1.4998516) and can be accessed at http://aip. scitation. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1063/ 1. 4998516 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 -- An attempt to develop a safe and effective "male pill" is making headway, according to preliminary results of a small study.
In a four-week trial of men under 50, an experimental hormone-based birth control pill was found to be "well-tolerated."
And participants' testosterone levels dropped significantly along with two hormones essential for sperm production, the U.S. study team noted.
Study author Dr. Stephanie Page described the results as "a promising step forward" in the development of a male version of the female birth control pill.
But don't ditch your condoms just yet. Page added that "larger, longer-term studies are clearly needed to address potential side effects."
Interest in a male birth control pill is strong, they said.
"Women have many options, but many women cannot use hormonal and other methods available to them," said Page, who heads the University of Washington's division of metabolism and endocrinology, in Seattle.
"Men are increasingly interested in sharing the burden of contraception, as well as controlling their own fertility," they noted.
For the study, researchers evaluated three doses -- 100, 200 and 400 milligrams -- of a once-daily contraceptive prototype called dimethandrolone undecanoate, or DMAU. Two formulations were tried inside the capsules, either powder or castor oil.
DMAU combines activity of a hormone like testosterone and a progestin. It was developed by the U.S. National Institutes of Health, which funded the study.
It differs from prior attempts to create a male birth control pill in several ways. It contains just one steroid, rather than two, and was not associated with any liver toxicity, something that has plagued prior male pill efforts, Page said. And "unlike other oral testosterone derivatives, DMAU only needs to be dosed once a day," they added.
For the study, the researchers randomly divided 100 men into groups of 20 or less. Some men were given a sugar pill, or(placebo, while others were given a daily oral dose of DMAU at one of the three chosen doses. DMAU was always consumed with food.
Blood tests revealed that at the highest dose, DMAU suppressed production of testosterone and two other hormones -- LH and FSH -- known to be key to sperm production.
But none of the study participants displayed complications that might arise from testosterone deficiency, such as mood changes or disturbances in terms of sexual function.
However, all who took DMAU experienced mild weight gain -- roughly 3 to 9 pounds -- and a mild drop in so-called "good" cholesterol, or HDL. No serious side effects were reported.
Page added, however, that a drop in sperm-producing hormones "is not the same thing" as demonstrating an actual drop in sperm count.
"We need to do a longer trial -- three to six months -- to demonstrate that sperm productions falls with longer use of DMAU," they said. Twenty-eight days "is not long enough" to fully answer that question, they explained.
"However, we know from our work, and those of many others in the field, that the degree of 'sperm supporting' hormone suppression that we observed in this study should be adequate to prevent sperm maturation," Page said.
They reiterated that "this was a very small study, and there is still a lot of work to be done." That follow-up effort is getting underway at the University of Washington and LA Biomed Harbor-UCLA.
According to Page, multinational surveys indicate that a majority of men are interested in more options for reversible contraception.
Currently, the only reversible male contraceptive is the condom, which is not the most reliable method of birth control, they pointed out.
The study results were presented Sunday in Chicago at a meeting of the Endocrine Society. Research released at meetings is generally considered preliminary until peer-reviewed for publication in a medical journal.
There's more on men's health at the U.S. National Institutes of Health.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
× Woman killed, suspected shooter in custody following standoff in Harbor Gateway area
GARDENA, Calif. — A woman is dead and the suspected shooter is in custody following a standoff at a home in the Harbor Gateway neighborhood of Los Angeles where a fire broke out earlier Tuesday morning, KTLA reports.
The incident occurred at a home in the 15400 block of South Orchard Avenue, Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Sgt. Plair confirmed.
At about 5:30 a.m. , the situation was described by Plair as an active shooter situation concerning an assault with a deadly weapon.
The gunman was apparently barricaded in the home, Plair said later.
The suspect was taken into custody about 6:30 a.m. and was being treated at the scene by Los Angeles Fire Department personnel, LAPD Officer Lomeli said. The condition of the suspect was unknown
A woman who was wounded in the incident has died, Fire Department spokesperson Erik Scott said. They were believed to be about 50 years old.
A 25-year-old man was also wounded in the shooting, according to Scott. But it was unclear if that person was the suspected shooter.
The shooting and barricade took place at the same location where a fire was broke out about 4:30 a.m.
Firefighters extinguished the blaze in the two-story home in about 12 minutes, Fire Department spokesperson Amy Bastman stated in a news alert.
The cause of the fire was under investigation.
If you feel the need to get out of the house on Thanksgiving Monday, there are options. While many city services, banks and stores, including the LCBO, will be closed, some retailers and museums will remain open in Ottawa. Here is a sample of stores and services that are open:
Shopping:
Most ByWard Market (including Sussex Drive) vendors and stores, and other tourist areas will have some stores open.
The Rideau Centre will be open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Most retailers in the Glebe, including at Lansdowne Park, will be open all weekend, including Monday.
Most drug stores will remain open, including Shoppers Drug Mart and Rexall PharmaPlus.
Gatineau shops at Les Galleries de Hull, Les Promenades de l'Outaouais and Costco will be open.
Food and Drink:
Most SAQ Classique and Express outlets in Quebec will be open.
Some Wine Rack locations on Bank Street (confirm location) and in the ByWard Market will be open.
The Metro at 245 Rideau St. will be open 24 hours
The Loblaws at 375 Rideau St. at the corner of Nelson Street will be open 24 hours.
While the LCBO and Beer Store locations will be closed, The Wine Rack locations in the ByWard Market, on Elgin Street and Rideau Street will be open.
Museums:
The National Gallery of Canada and the Canadian Museum of Nature.
The Canadian War Museum and the Canada Aviation and Space Museum in Ottawa, as well as the Canadian Museum of History in Gatineau.
Recreation services
Some pools and fitness centres will be open for public swimming and fitness classes, with modified schedules. Please check with ottawa.ca for details.
City Services:
No garbage and recycling services. Call 3-1-1 for urgent requests.
Transportation:
OC Transpo will be operating on a Sunday schedule on Monday.
11 containers dispatched to hurricane-stricken islands, 83 nationals to return home
DPI, Guyana, Friday, October 06, 2017
Approximately eighty-three Guyanese nationals who reside in the Caribbean and have been affected by the recent hurricanes will soon return home.
At a post-cabinet press briefing, the media were informed that local airline, Jags Aviation Incorporated, Roraima Airways, Fly Jamaica Airways, Air Services Limited, Hopkinson Mining Aviation have all donated their services to aid in the transportation of affected persons, free of cost.
Minister of State Joseph Harmon said upon their return to Guyana, persons will be residing with their relatives. For those who have not yet identified their family members in Guyana, the Ministry of Citizenship has been working to locate their relatives. If this should prove unsuccessful, the returnees will be housed at the Hugo Chavez Rehabilitation Centre, or at locations provided by the Guyana Relief Council.
It was also reported that a total of 11 containers have been dispatched to the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency (CDEMA), who will distribute as they see fit. The project to aid the countries is twofold. The first phase will be to ship containers with food supplies, while the second will be to dispatch containers with building materials.
By: Zanneel Williams
The National Weather Service has issued a hurricane warning on the Gulf Coast from Grand Isle, LA to the Alabama/Florida border.
The following self-serve sandbag locations are currently open across the Coast:
Harrison County:
Road Department Office; 10076 Lorraine Road (Hwy 605) Gulfport, MS
D'Iberville Work Center; 10085 Doris Deno St./Rodriquez, D'Iberville
Lyman Work Center; County Farm Road, Gulfport
Woolmarket Work Center; Old Woolmarket Road (off of Hwy 67), Biloxi
North Gulfport Work Center; 8300 34th Avenue, Gulfport
Orange Grove Community Center; 14416 Dedaux Rd., Gulfport
Fire Station # 2; 1200 42nd Ave., Gulfport
Intersection of Hewes Avenue and Glover Street in Gulfport
Long Beach Work Center, Seal Avenue
Hancock County:
Hancock County Horse Arena; 4184 Kiln/Delisle Road
Old Hancock County Complex; 3068 Longfellow Drive
Lakeshore Community Center; 6440 Lower Bay Road
Bayside Park Fire Department; 6218 West Hines
West Hancock Fire Department; 16006 Washington Street
Diamondhead City Hall; 5000 Diamondhead Circle
Jackson County:
West Division Roads Department; North Washington Ave., Ocean Springs
East Division Roads Department; 20825 Hwy. 63, Moss Point
Central Division Roads Department; 8500 Jim Ramsey Rd., Vancleave
St. Andrews Fire Department; 1401 Elm St.
Forts Lake Fire Department; 10701 Forts Lake Rd.
Escatawpa Volunteer Fire Department; 3801 Sentinel Dr., Moss Point
Gautier City Hall; 3330 Hwy. 90
Moss Point Central Fire Station; 4204 Bellview St.
Ocean Springs Public Works Department; 712 Pine Dr.
Pascagoula Recycling Center; 4011 14th St.
To register for transportation to shelters in Harrison County, residents are asked to contact Coast Transit Authority at 228-896-8080.
The Property Casualty Insurers Association of America urges those in the path of Tropical Storm Nate to be proactive. They offer the following tips to prepare ahead of time:
Review your property insurance policy, especially the “declarations” page, and check whether your policy pays replacement costs or actual cash value for a covered loss.
Inventory your household items, and photograph or videotape them for further documentation. Keep this information and your insurance policies in a safe place.
Keep the name, address and claims-reporting telephone number of your insurer and agent in a safe and easily accessible place.
Protect your property by covering all windows with plywood or shutters, moving vehicles into the garage when possible and placing grills and patio furniture indoors.
Keep all receipts for any repairs so your insurance company can reimburse you.
Check with your insurance adjuster for referrals to professional restoration, cleaning and salvage companies if additional assistance is needed.
Make sure watercraft are stored in a secure area, like a garage or covered boat dock. A typical homeowner's policy will cover property damage in limited instances for small watercraft, and separate boat policies will provide broader, more extensive property and liability protection for larger, faster boat, yachts, jet skis and wave runners.
The WLOX weather team is keeping a close eye on the threat of severe weather. Download the WLOX First Alert Weather app or visit wlox.com/weather for the latest updates, and click here to view the WLOX Hurricane Center.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
DURHAM, N.C. -- Biomedical engineers from Duke University have demonstrated a new approach to making self-assembled biomaterials that relies on protein modifications and temperature. The hybrid approach allows researchers to control self-assembly more precisely, which may prove useful for a variety of biomedical applications from drug delivery to wound healing.
The research appears online on March 19 in Nature Chemistry.
Biomaterials have broad applications across the fields of tissue engineering, regenerative medicine and drug delivery. Protein- and peptide-based materials are attractive for these applications because they are non-toxic, biodegradable and have a well-defined composition. But these biomaterials are limited to the 20 amino acids found in nature.
One strategy to expand the chemical diversity of protein-based materials is post-translational modification (PTM), a powerful set of reactions that nature uses to chemically transform proteins after they are synthesized from genes. PTM can modify specific amino acids in proteins or add non-protein structures, such as sugars and fatty acids.
"Nature combines different chemical alphabets to make very sophisticated materials," said Ashutosh Chilkoti, the chair of the BME department at Duke and primary author of the paper. "One way it does this is by combining the amino acid vocabulary of proteins with other very different alphabets -- sugars and fats are just two examples of the many hundreds of such PTMs. As materials scientists, we have not taken advantage of nature's methods to make hybrid materials, and this provided the inspiration for this research."
To make such a hybrid material with useful biomedical properties, researchers in the Chilkoti lab focused on creating a series of lipid-modified polypeptides, also called fatty-acid-modified elastin-like polypeptides, or FAMEs.
When a lipid is fused to a peptide sequence, the different physical properties of the lipid and peptide result in the formation peptide amphiphiles, or PAs. Typical PAs can self-assemble into diverse structures like long fibers, making them useful as scaffolds for tissue engineering. However, this happens spontaneously and these materials cannot be injected into the body but instead have to be implanted.
The research team added another useful biomaterial, elastin-like polypeptide (ELP), because it can change from a soluble state to an insoluble state, or vice-versa, depending on temperature.
Using three components -- a lipid myristoyl group, a beta-sheet-forming peptide sequence, and an elastin-like polypeptide (ELP) -- the researchers created a hybrid biomaterial, the FAME polypeptide, that changes from molecules floating in solution into a solid material, simply by raising the temperature.
"Attachment of lipids to short sequence of peptides, typically 5-20 amino acids, have been investigated for many years, but combining large biopolymers with lipids had not been explored," said Davoud Mozhdehi, a postdoctoral fellow in the Chilkoti lab. "What distinguishes FAMEs from PAs is the presence of this temperature-sensitive biopolymer with much longer length, typically 200-600 amino acids, in the form of the ELP."
"That short beta sheet-forming peptide sequence only makes up about two percent of the entire sequence," Mozhdehi said. "But it has a huge impact on the self-assembly behavior. This hybrid material retains thermal responsiveness of the ELP and the hierarchical self-assembly of the PA, creating a unique material with programmable behavior."
"By combining a PA with an ELP, we get a molecule that can go from liquid to solid within seconds with a small rise in temperature", said Chilkoti. "This opens up new applications in medicine, where a these materials can be injected as a liquid that would then turn into solid inside the body."
This proof-of-concept builds upon previous research from the Chilkoti lab, in which researchers explored new ways to use enzymes to synthesize hybrid lipid-peptide polymer fusions between ELPs and lipids using E. coli bacteria.
"Others had previously found that you can take a specific enzyme out of complex eukaryotic cells and get it to function in E. coli," said Kelli Luginbuhl, a research scientist in the Chilkoti lab. "Normally, this enzyme permanently attaches a lipid group to a protein, and we were curious whether we could use the enzyme to make lipid-biopolymer hybrid materials. When Davoud Mozhdehi heard about this project, they had an idea to incorporate a short structure-directing peptide sequence into the mix."
Researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Polymer Research aided the Duke team by completing advanced material characterization. "Upon hearing about the multiple structures formed by these biomanufactured polymers, we were quite excited to participate in this collaborative project to further elucidate the mechanism of temperature-triggered hydrogel and aggregate formation in these materials," the Max Planck team said in a statement. "Our contribution of temperature-dependent, high-resolution atomic force microscopy and temperature-dependent spectroscopy nicely complemented the work from the Duke group, and together we were able to decipher the molecular transformations by which these unique biopolymers form hierarchical materials."
"These building blocks are known in the field and now we have shown that combining them by forming covalent bonds, results in synergistic properties and self-assembly," Mozhdehi said. "We hope to expand this method to other lipids and proteins and develop new tools and materials for the biomedical applications."
###
This research was funded by the National Science Foundation through the Research Triangle Materials Research Science and Engineering Center (MRSEC; DMR1121107), National Institutes of Health (NIH, R01 GM-061232). Duke University Shared Materials Instrumentation Facility and Analytical Instrumentation Facility at North Carolina State University are members of the North Carolina Research Triangle Nanotechnology Network, which is supported by the NSF (ECCS-1542015) as part of the National Nanotechnology Coordinated Infrastructure.
CITATION: "Genetically encoded lipid-polypeptide hybrid biomaterials that exhibit temperature-triggered hierarchical self-assembly," Davoud Mozhdehi, Kelli Luginbuhl, Joseph R. Simon, Michael Dzuricky, Rudiger Berger, H. Samet Varol, Fred C. Huang, Kristen L Buehne, Nicholas R. Mayne, Isaac Weitzhandler, Mischa Bonn, Sapun H. Parekh, and Ashutosh Chilkoti. Nature Chemistry, online March 19, 2018. DOI 10.1038/s41557-018-0005-z
After nearly 40 years of living with multiple sclerosis, all that Harriet Fridkin has left now is their voice. But what a voice it is, slow but happy, warm and clear.
“I love to laugh,” the 75-year-old from Potomac, Maryland, tells PEOPLE, “and I love to talk. Being friends and enjoying their company — that's what keeps me going.”
In 1996, Harriet's mobility began to worsen and their friends decided that their husband, Jerry, then working full-time as a tax attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice, could use some help. Those friends, who lovingly call themselves “Harriet's Harem,” have been keeping their once-active friend interested in life for more than 20 years.
Five nights a week, nine longtime friends of the Fridkins take turns showing up to help feed Harriet, give them massages, play bridge or just sit and talk and listen to Harriet's advice about dilemmas they're facing in their own lives.
Courtesy Judy Feldman
“Harriet, in their own way, is a counselor and a listener to all,” Judy Feldman, 83, one of the group's original organizers, tells PEOPLE. “She and Jerry are exemplary, incredible people who have been dealt a terrible blow in life, but have played the hand they've been dealt with utter perseverance.”
“Harriet has such a gift of humor and living,” they add, “that it's hard to realize they have no movement at all except their head. You just don't notice the immobility.”
RELATED: Man with Alzheimer's Forgets He's Married, Proposes and ‘Weds' Wife Again in Tearful Ceremony
Feldman and the eight other women keep an online calendar filled up each month with “Harriet time.” Jerry, now 79 and retired, has a caregiver come to assist with their wife's needs during the day, but appreciates the caring and camaraderie that the harem provides for a couple of hours each weeknight.
Jerry (left) and Harriet Fridkin Courtesy of Jerry Fridkin
“They help to give me a respite,” they tell PEOPLE, “and I love more than anything to see Harriet laughing and happy. But don't for a minute feel sorry for me and Harriet. From day to day, we try to focus only on the good. We've had a very good life.”
Married since 1963 after they met on a blind date, the Fridkins raised three children in Potomac, with Harriet working on and off as a schoolteacher, a secretary and as a support group coordinator for a local Alzheimer's organization.
“I also loved to cook,” they say, “and I used to always have a bunch of people hanging out in my kitchen. Nobody ever went away hungry. I was always trying out new gourmet dishes, always wanting to feed my friends and neighbors and send them home with something good.”
They were in their late 30s when they started experiencing numbness in their limbs and problems with their vision, leading to their collapse in a parking lot one day.
Courtesy Judy Feldman
When medical tests revealed that they had MS, “it was a hard thing to hear,” they say, “but you have to stay positive. That's one reason why I still like to help others when they're having problems and give them advice. To help somebody else solve a problem makes me feel better. And I've always loved listening to other people.”
Harriet also still enjoys playing bridge and doing Sudoku puzzles, thanks to their friends, who play their cards for them and fill in the numbers in their puzzle books as they come up with answers. And they say quality time with their devoted friends means more to them than words can express.
“She's a remarkable, cheerful and optimistic person who always sees the glass half-full, not half empty,” Barbara Ranhand, 77, tells PEOPLE. “With their wisdom and caring, Harriet has helped a lot of us in our personal lives. We're only too willing now to help them in any way that we can.”
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to a Russian state-run news agency.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported. The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the plane but died.
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al Nusra Front rebels, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for the de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
Russian state-run news agency TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
Witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, they said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
President of France Emmanuel Macron will be in Canada on a working visit from June 6 to 9 to attend the 2018 G7 Leaders' Summit in Charlevoix, Quebec, the Prime Minister's Office announced Wednesday.
During the four-day visit Macron will meet with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to discuss ways to deepen the cooperation between the two countries on addressing global issues such as peace and security, fighting climate change, promoting and defending democratic values, the PMO said.
The two leaders will also discuss how to better take advantage of opportunities created by the Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), which eliminated 98 per cent of all tariffs between the EU and Canada when it entered into provisional force on Sept. 21, 2017.
CETA has been ratified by nine EU countries, however, the French parliament has yet to ratify the free-trade treaty.
France is Canada's ninth-largest merchandise trading partner globally and fourth-largest export market in the EU, according to the PMO.
Canada exported $3.4 billion worth of merchandise to France in 2017, and imported nearly twice that much in French goods, with the total bilateral merchandise trade at $9.6 billion.
Canadian direct investments in France were valued at $8 billion at the end of 2017, and French direct investments in Canada were valued at $8.2 billion.
“Canada and France are historic partners and longtime friends, who share a common language, history, and set of values,” Trudeau said in a statement. “As G7 partners, we share a responsibility to ensure that everyone benefits from our global economy, and that we leave a healthier, more peaceful, and more secure world for our children and grandchildren.”
The last face-to-face meeting between Macron and Trudeau was in April in Paris, when the French president hosted the Canadian prime minister during their first official bilateral visit to France.
Macron will also meet with Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard. On June 7, President Macron will travel to Charlevoix to participate in the G7 Leaders' Summit.
Canada assumed the presidency of the G7 on January 1, 2018, and will host the G7 Leaders' Summit in the Charlevoix region of Quebec from June 8-9, 2018.
Britain's Labour urges protest to force PM May from power - Daily Mirror
LONDON, June 15 A senior lawmaker in Britain's opposition Labour Party has called for a million people to take to the streets to force a second election that they said would remove Prime Minister Theresa May from power, the Daily Mirror reported.
May 3 GoDaddy Inc
* GoDaddy Inc. announces proposed follow-on offering and repurchase
* GoDaddy Inc - Expects to repurchase from selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco, LLC
* Says selling stockholders are offering 24 million shares of class a common stock
* GoDaddy Inc - It expects to repurchase from selling stockholders an aggregate of $275 million of limited liability company units of Desert Newco Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DICKSON, Tenn. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy (all times local):
12:40 p.m.
The man sought by police in the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy was charged the previous day with aggravated assault of a woman and vehicle theft.
A report from the Kingston Springs Police Department says Steven Joshua Wiggins slapped the woman in their face and pulled out some of their hair Tuesday. The report says the woman stated that Wiggins put a gun to their head and threatened to kill them if they called the police, then they grabbed their car keys and took the car without their permission.
The woman also told police Wiggins was “doing meth all night and smoking marijuana.”
The report says the woman plans to press charges.
Authorities say Wiggins is at large and believed to be “armed and dangerous.”
___
11:10 p.m.
Tennessee authorities are offering a monetary reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Tennessee sheriff's deputy.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted Wednesday that it has placed Steven Joshua Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to their arrest.
The bureau believes Wiggins fatally shot an unidentified sheriff's deputy during a traffic stop early Wednesday in Dickson County.
The agency also has sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area.
__
10:20 a.m.
Tennessee authorities say a sheriff's deputy has been fatally shot and a suspect believed to be “armed and dangerous” is still at large.
A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson told news outlets the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday after a vehicle was reported stolen.
The Humphreys County Sheriff's Office identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, who is described as a white male with balding brown hair.
Comments
comments
Spain's Gerard Pique kicks the ball during the World Cup Group G qualifying soccer match between Spain and Albania at the Rico Perez stadium in Alicante, Spain, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Alberto Saiz AP Photo
Anyway. Going cable-news-free has been an enlightening experience. Here's what happened.
The first week was awful, actually. Like anybody going through withdrawal, I was way irritable. I was so irritable, in fact, that I regularly shouted at kids to get off my lawn, even though there were no kids on my lawn.
Also, I was lonely. I realized how often I'd had the TV on before. And because the TV was always on when I was home alone, TV Friends (Anderson Cooper, Chuck Todd, Shep Smith) were always there to keep me company. Even if I didn't like my TV friends very much, at least they were there for me, spouting wide-ranging opinions about everything from Donald Trump to Donald Trump, because that's how cable TV rolls these days. It's all Donald Trump all the time.
(Another side note: Some people believe that Donald Trump was elected because of Fox News. I think CNN, with its relentless, negative coverage, kept the new president — who often looks like they can't believe they were actually elected — squarely in the limelight. Trump was good for ratings. IMHO they should send CNN a handwritten thank-you note and a fruit basket.)
By the second week of my cable-news fast, however, I started to feel a little better, the way you feel better after doing some yoga. Instead of automatically turning on the TV whenever I walked into the room, I listened to music. Or sometimes I just let myself be surrounded by silence. Or as much silence as it's possible to enjoy when you live with three dogs, two cats and a parrot that tells you to brush your teeth whenever you walk through the kitchen.
Here's the thing about silence. It can be an antidote to distraction, so suddenly you find yourself focusing on stuff you should focus on. Like deadlines, for example.
Meanwhile, I READ the news more carefully. Reading the news is great because it has the dual effect of creating some distance while also forcing you to focus in a way you don't have to when you're prancing in and out of a room with a TV set blasting away in the corner.
But here's the big takeaway. I feel calmer these days. Still engaged with current events, yes. Still concerned, yes. But I'm not walking around feeling like I'm on the verge of having a stroke because I keep hearing people say inflammatory, stupid stuff all day long.
How calm am I? If I looked out my window right now and saw kids playing on my lawn, I would totally invite them inside for cookies. I would say, "Hey, kids! Come inside and I will give you cookies. Also, I'll teach you how to almost win a bracket in my husband's office pool when March Madness rolls around again!"
And then those kids would run away in fear because STRANGER DANGER.
But whatever.
The point is I plan to maintain this new status quo, although we all know how easy it is to slip back into old patterns. So we'll see. For now, however, I'm breathing easy.
Ann Cannon can be reached at acannon@sltrib.com or facebook.com/anncannontrib.
Under the current cosmology model, known as λCDM, dark matter, which makes up a vast majority of the known universe, creates a sort of gravitational framework, influencing the movement of our galaxies and other large objects in space. Cosmologists love this model, because it answers a lot of questions and works well.
© AP Photo/ Isaac Gomez/INAH 'Floating' Stone Sanctuary Allegedly Representing Universe Uncovered in Mexico
However, one of the consequences of the λCDM model is that so-called dwarf, or ‘satellite,' galaxies, should orbit a host galaxy like a cloud, a ball, or, for a better scientific analogy, like electrons around the nucleus of an atom.
But they don't. According to a review by Ars Technica, two closely observed galaxies — our Milky Way and our nearest galactic neighbor the Andromeda Galaxy — have their smaller satellite galaxies arranged like a disc. Yes, those satellite galaxies more or less orbit their hosts in a plane, like planets orbit the stars.
Scientists used to dismiss these two occurrences as a statistical quirk. But then a third was noted: Centaurus A, whose satellite galaxies are also seemingly aligned in a single plane.
Why does it happen? Cosmologists admit: they don't know.
"There is no obvious answer, unfortunately, or maybe expectedly — otherwise planes of satellite galaxies would not be seen as a problem and we wouldn't talk about them as much," said astrophysicist Marcel Pawlowski of the University of California, Irvine, who co-authored the study with fellow astrophysicist Oliver Müller of the University of Basel and other colleagues.
Astrophysicists say more data is needed. Either observations of the known universe are playing a bad joke on our statistics, or our entire cosmology model must be reviewed. But, surprisingly, the scientific community is not quite ready to do that, yet.
"It would take very strong evidence of an insurmountable problem to give up on λCDM, or at least a model that looks very much like it," said astrophysicist Mike Boylan-Kolchin of the University of Texas, who commented on the study.
"My money is on λCDM, but it would be thrilling to find out that it is wrong," Boylan-Kolchin added.
The tipster had requested anonymity, saying they were concerned that they were in danger for knowing about the threat, according to the police report. The report states that the officer tried to reach out to the tipster by phone to obtain more information, but got no answer.
The officer also checked police databases to obtain more information on Patterson, to no avail. The tipster had said they did not have an address for Patterson, the report said.
"Without an age or address it was unknown who or if there was a problem" with Patterson, the officer wrote.
The shooting occurred shortly after Rackley had picked up Jase and their 11-year-old brother, Myles, at Brookwood Elementary School. Myles was critically wounded in the shooting, but is expected to recover. The 8-year-old daughter of another woman, who had given the Rackleys a ride, was shot in the leg.
Patterson rammed the SUV in which Rackley and their children were riding. They then opened fire in the middle of a busy street, where they eventually shot and killed himself, police say.
Documents and 911 tapes released Tuesday by Sandy police reveal that in the days before the shooting, Memorez Rackley was relentlessly stalked and threatened by Patterson, whom Rackley referred to as their ex-boyfriend.
Rackley called police June 3 at 2:30 a.m., saying Patterson — whom they had recently broken up with — had been harassing them for hours via text message. The afternoon before, they said, Patterson unexpectedly showed up at their nail salon appointment to confront them about the breakup, and prior to that, he'd followed them for nearly an hour while they were driving around Sandy with one of their young sons, according to police reports released to The Salt Lake Tribune in response to a public records request.
"It's just continual, they won't stop, and it's gotten to the point where he's threatened me, he's threatened the safety of my children, and I don't know what to do," Rackley told a Sandy dispatcher, according to a recording of a 911 call provided to The Tribune.
On June 3, Rackley also told police that Patterson made "multiple threats" over the phone, and that they "feared for their safety." They said Patterson had mentioned in the texts that they had guns, and they sent their photographs of their three boys, which they perceived as a threat against them. They said they were home alone.
Rackley initially declined to provide authorities with Patterson's name, and they asked officers not to contact him, "because I worry if they go knock on their door, he's going to come hunt me and my kids down."
"I'm pretty scared for my safety, and my children's safety, and I'm not quite sure what I need to do to report that, or try to keep myself safe," they said in the 911 call.
An officer told Rackley an extra patrol would be added to keep an eye on their home. And they informed them how they could petition for a protective order against Patterson.
About a half-hour after their initial phone conversation with the officer, police responded to the Rackley home, according to the report. Rackley told officers they thought Patterson had just been at their home and was wiggling the door handle. Police searched the area, but couldn't find him. They told Rackley they should stay at a friend's home until they could obtain the protective order.
Later on June 3, Rackley called police a third time. They told them Patterson had just followed one of their friends home from work in an effort to figure out where they are.
