As in-fighting consumes the British government, Europeans have stepped up quiet preparations for a possible collapse of Brexit talks that could see Britain crash out of the EU without a deal 18 months from now.
BRUSSELS: As in-fighting consumes the British government, Europeans have stepped up quiet preparations for a possible collapse of Brexit talks that could see Britain crash out of the EU without a deal 18 months from now.
Prime Minister Theresa May's EU counterparts still see the "no-deal scenario" they threatened them with as most unlikely, as they think it would hurt Britain much more than the continent.
But after their faltering party conference this week and ahead of important meetings in Brussels over the next fortnight, diplomats and officials there and in big member states said they have been putting renewed focus on contingency planning for a legal limbo in March 2019 and urging businesses to do the same.
German officials say that in recent months they have been spending just as much energy on how to handle that as on preparing for a negotiated solution. The BDI industry federation in the biggest EU economy warned German firms on Thursday that it would be "naive" not to be ready for a "a very hard exit".
Like May, who on Friday rejected calls from some lawmakers to resign, Michel Barnier, the European Union negotiator, says their aim is an orderly exit. But they repeatedly caution that they also have a mandate from EU leaders to help prepare for failure and regularly tells businesses to be sure to plan for the worst.
"We want to be ready for all eventualities, including ‘no deal'," they told business and labour representatives after the negotiations began in July. Deal or no deal is "the fundamental question", they said, after talks made little progress in August.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"This is the growing feeling, absolutely," a senior EU official said of concerns that talks could collapse, not because Britain saw economic advantage in that, as May has warned, but because British politics could end up in domestic stalemate that could mean missing reasonable deadlines for a withdrawal treaty.
For many, talk of a breakdown in talks remains part of the bluff and counter-bluff of negotiations. But what May's problems inside their own government indicate to many across the Channel is that the country is so divided it may be unable to reach a deal.
"You need to factor in that it's not a rational process," the senior EU official said, repeating a common view that voting for Brexit made no economic sense in the first place. "So it's not unlikely that they again shy away from what are the economic imperatives and we end up cliff-edging by political default."
CONTINGENCY PLANS
People close to Barnier's negotiating team draw attention to new legislation last month aimed at protecting the EU carbon market from a disorderly British departure and moves to force euro-denominated securities clearing from London to the continent as examples of Brussels' contingency planning.
"It's the responsible approach. And the more it goes on like this," said one EU official of the lack of clear breakthroughs in the talks, "the more we'll see of these steps."
Another senior official said: "There's every reason to be worried and European industry should take this more seriously."
May's Brexit minister, David Davis, is expected back in Brussels on Monday for a fifth round of negotiations with Barnier. But expectations among EU officials are low to nil for a breakthrough on key divorce issues that would allow EU leaders to tell May when they meet them the following week that they are willing to open talks on a future free trade accord.
Aside from uncertainty over how a new EU border with Ireland will work and differences over rights for expatriates after Brexit, a standoff over tens of billions of euros that Brussels argues Britain will owe on departure seems far from resolution.
Describing as "unbelievable arrogance" British offers to pay just 20 billion euros (£17.96 billion) of a "Brexit bill" which the EU estimates at perhaps 60 billion euros, a senior diplomat from a country Britain generally views as an ally in EU affairs said May would have to face down hardliners who reject such payments.
Few of Britain's negotiating partners see any benefit in a change of prime minister now. That would cost more time that neither side has, since the chances of London or Brussels agreeing to extend the Brexit deadline seem limited.
"With Boris Johnson as prime minister, the negotiations would be easier," one EU diplomat said of the foreign secretary, who has sniped at May's push for a deal that could see Britain stay bound by some EU rules, at least for a transition period.
"We could save ourselves all this analysing," the diplomat said, "As he'd just drive the talks straight off the cliff."
For many, ending with a legal void remains far-fetched.
But though British ministers talk of a "bespoke" deal to exit EU rules while retaining market access, EU officials warn that time is running out for London to find any option other than to agree to something like the status of Norway - being in the EU market and accepting rules on which is has no vote.
"Pretty soon," said one, "It will be Norway or nothing."
(Additional reporting by Gabriela Baczynska and Peter Maushagen in Brussels, Michel Rose in Paris and Andreas Rinke and Noah Barkin in Berlin; Editing by Andrew Roche)
ISLAMABAD: A suicide bomber blew themselves up outside a government office in Pakistan on Wednesday, killing five people, the army said, the latest attack in a new surge in militant violence.
A faction of the Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack in the town of Ghalanai in the Mohmand Agency, a northwestern region on the border with Afghanistan.
The attack took place outside the office of the political agent, the most senior government officer in the region.
"One suicide bomber blew themselves up once spotted and challenged by security agencies," the army said in a statement, adding that guards shot dead a second bomber.
The Jamaat-ur-Ahrar faction of the Pakistani Taliban, which claimed responsibility in a statement emailed to journalists, also claimed an attack in the city of Lahore on Monday in which 13 people, five of them police officers, were killed.
The group said the Lahore attack was the beginning of a new campaign against the government, security forces, the judiciary and secular political parties.
Security in Pakistan has improved in recent years but Islamist groups still pose a threat and have carried out attacks despite an army offensive launched in 2014 to push them out of their northwestern strongholds.
Last year, the same militant faction claimed an Easter Day bombing that killed more than 70 people in a park in Lahore.
(Reporting by Shams Momand; Writing by Mehreen Zahra-Malik; Editing by Robert Birsel)
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) is investigating after a number of people are believed to have been injured at a military training base in Wales.
Police were called to an incident at Castlemartin Ranges in Pembrokeshire on Wednesday afternoon - an area of land used for tank training exercises by the Royal Armoured Corps.
An MoD spokesperson said: "We are aware of an incident at Castlemartin Ranges. This is still being investigated and therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further."
A firing notice on the Government's website suggested live firing was expected on the range from Monday to Friday and night firing was due to take place on Tuesday and Thursday.
Castlemartin is the only UK Army range available for armoured units for direct-fire live gunnery exercises.
A spokesperson for Dyfed-Powys Police said: "Dyfed-Powys Police were called to an incident at MoD Royal Armoured Corps range in Castlemartin range at 3.30pm (Wednesday).
"This is being investigated and a further update will be provided when appropriate."
The incident comes five years after a 21-year-old soldier died at Castlemartin when they were shot in the head while relaxing at a safe location just outside the training range.
A 2013 inquest into the death of Michael "Mike" Maguire heard they were hit in the temple by a single machine gun bullet fired by a fellow soldier during a training exercise.
The inquest jury ruled Ranger Maguire, who was a member of the 1st Battalion, The Royal Irish Regiment, had been unlawfully killed.
NEW YORK: Actress Allison Mack was released from jail on US$5 million bail bond on Tuesday to await trial on charges of recruiting women to serve as sex slaves in what prosecutors called a secret society run by self-help guru Keith Raniere.
A U.S. magistrate judge released Mack, known for their role in WB Television's "Smallville" series, after their parents agreed to put the family's Los Alamitos, California, home up as collateral and Mack, 35, agreed to live with their parents under house arrest.
Federal prosecutors in New York charged Mack with sex trafficking and conspiracy for recruiting women into a programme within Raniere's Albany, New York organisation Nxivm, representing it as a female mentorship group. They said that Mack, who has pleaded not guilty, played a major role in the group.
Prosecutors and Mack's lawyers said in a court filing that the two sides are engaged in plea negotiations.
Raniere, 57, was arrested on sex trafficking charges last month, and is being held without bail.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Viktor Pohorelsky of Brooklyn set terms that prohibit Mack from having any contact with Raniere, Nxivm or anyone associated with the organisation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Authorities have accused Raniere of running a secret society within Nxivm (pronounced "Nexium") where women were branded with their initials, put on extremely restrictive diets and forced to have sex with him.
Upon joining, members, who numbered as many as 50, were required to provide information about family and friends, nude photographs and rights to their assets, which were used to blackmail them into staying, according to prosecutors.
The women were taught that the society would empower and strengthen them, prosecutors said.
Nxivm on its website calls itself "a community guided by humanitarian principles that seek to empower people and answer important questions about what it means to be human."
Raniere said they were "deeply saddened" and denied "abusing, coercing or harming" anyone in a letter posted on the site.
Marc Agnifilo, a lawyer for Raniere, said earlier this month that they were "confident these allegations will be soundly disproven."
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson; Editing by Scott Malone and Grant McCool)
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833549","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833549","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833549","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","recurring_event": "373","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833549","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Following recent violent clashes between Parkwood residents and police, ward councillor William John Akim and the sub-council manager, Fred Monk, are expected to inform residents on Wednesday evening about the way forward in addressing their housing concerns. Residents of Parkwood held a symbolic protest on May 19, 2018, in which they erected temporary structures on vacant land that is situated on Prince George Drive in Cape Town. Residents have been calling attention to the living conditions of approximately 1490 backyard dwellers, who currently reside on the premises of rental properties within the area. The protests turned violent when Law Enforcement officers forcibly removed the temporary structures days later.
The head of the Parkwood Backyard Dwellers Association, Domonique Booysen explained that on Saturday residents ceased all protest action in the hopes that the City will consider their grievances.
“[Community leaders] asked them to stop [protesting]while we wait for feedback from the City of Cape Town. We promised [residents]that on Wednesday we will give them feedback on the way forward,” Booysen confirmed.
Booysen further noted that the 25 protesters who were arrested during the clashes with officers have been released on bail. They are expected to appear in court on the 17 and 18 of June.
The protesters employed the services of a private lawyer who Booysen said will charge an estimated fee of R2000 per day.
“We required two days to have their hearings; on Friday, ten protesters appeared and the others appeared on Monday.
“We also need funds to pay the lawyers for the next appearance,” they stated.
According to Booysen, residents have threatened to continue protesting if City officials fail to respond to their demands for housing and service delivery.
Many residents said that they have been on the housing list for 15 years.
They said community leaders have not called for more protest action and are urging officials to provide residents with clarity on the housing issue.
“The City must not blame the leaders, because we the leaders like peaceful protests, but we can't control the protesters. They want their demands [heard]. So, tonight if the councillor is not going to speak to their demands then we wash our hands of the violence,” Booysen said.
With speculation that a so-called “third force” has been behind the recent unrest within Cape Flats communities, Booysen asserted that the Parkwood protest was not politically motivated.
“The City is blaming the [community]leaders. [The City] said there is a political party behind the protest. But, there is no political party behind it. The only problem we have is that we want houses.”
The meeting is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, 30 May 2018, at 18h45 in Alida Court in Walmer Road, Parkwood.
VOC 91.3fm
Share this article
1 Share
Comments
comments
Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will meet with business leaders on Wednesday, as the leftist seeks to ease private sector worries after an election campaign in which they accused some tycoons of belonging to a "mafia of power."
MEXICO CITY: Mexico's president-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador will meet with business leaders on Wednesday, as the leftist seeks to ease private sector worries after an election campaign in which they accused some tycoons of belonging to a "mafia of power."
Lopez Obrador is meeting the powerful CCE business lobby, which in March urged them to stop questioning major planks of the current government's economic agenda, such as a new US$13 billion airport for Mexico City. The leftist slammed corporate defenders of the airport project as "corrupt."
Advertisement
Since winning a landslide in Sunday's presidential election, Lopez Obrador and their team have focussed on soothing market fears, saying that they would not ramp up spending and would respect the Mexican central bank's independence.
Mexico's business community has in turn reached out to try to ease past tensions with the new leader.
German Larrea, chairperson of miner Grupo Mexico, published a full-page message in a national newspaper congratulating Lopez Obrador and applauding their comments. In the campaign, they warned staff about voting for him.
Claudio X. Gonzalez, whose family owns part of Kimberly Clark de Mexico, said on Twitter they wished Lopez Obrador the best and asked them to be a unifying figure.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Former President Vicente Fox, who had a tense relationship with Lopez Obrador when they were mayor of Mexico City, also congratulated him.
Lopez Obrador criticized all three during the campaign.
Mexico's peso on Tuesday posted its biggest daily increase in over two years, boosted by a global emerging market rally, as well as pledges from Lopez Obrador to not increase spending.
Despite uncertainty about what policies they could put in place, foreign investors have given them the benefit of the doubt for now, eyeing the payout on Mexican bonds, which offer the highest rates of any investment grade country.
(Reporting by Christine Murray and Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in healthcare companies in the second quarter as the sector led the broad U.S. stock market higher, rallying as Republican efforts to repeal and replace President Obama's signature healthcare law dimmed.
NEW YORK: Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in healthcare companies in the second quarter as the sector led the broad U.S. stock market higher, rallying as Republican efforts to repeal and replace President Obama's signature healthcare law dimmed.
New York-based Jana Partners sold all of its shares in nine healthcare companies, ranging from small-cap biotech company Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc to health information company WebMD Health Corp to insurance giant Aetna Inc , according to quarterly filings released Monday.
Billionaire Daniel Loeb's Third Point sold 175,000 shares, or about 18 percent of its stake, in health insurance company Humana Inc and 5 million shares of hospital products maker Baxter International Inc , a cut of approximately 10 percent of its prior position.
Healthcare stocks in the S&P 500 rose 6.7 percent in the second quarter, more than double the 2.6 percent gain in the broad S&P 500 index. Senate Republicans delayed a vote on a healthcare overhaul bill on June 27 after it became clear that they did not have enough votes for it to pass. One month later, a scaled-down plan to replace the Affordable Care Act failed in the Senate.
Quarterly disclosures of hedge fund managers' stock holdings, in what are known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are one of the few public ways of tracking what the managers are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some risk because the disclosures come out 45 days after the end of each quarter and may not reflect current positions.
Overall, hedge funds gained 1 percent in the second quarter, according to Chicago-based fund tracker Hedge Fund Research, less than half of the 2.5 percent gain in the first quarter.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There were few signs that hedge fund managers were attempting to call a bottom in energy stocks as the falling price of oil helped send the sector down 7 percent in the quarter. New York-based Third Point sold all of its stake in Rice Energy Inc , Halcon Resources Corp , Enerplus Corp , and Pioneer Natural Resources Co
Jana Partners sold all of its stake in Resolute Energy Corp , while New York-based Omega Advisors sold its entire stake in seven energy companies, including Cheniere Energy Inc , Eclipse Resources Corp , and Williams Partners LP .
(Reporting by David Randall; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and Phil Berlowitz)
Soccer Football - Hansa Rostock v Hertha Berlin - DFB Cup First Round - Rostock, Germany - August 14, 2017 Hertha Berlin's Vedad Ibisevic scores their second goal REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN (Reuters) - Hertha Berlin needed late goals from Mitchell Weiser and Vedad Ibisevic to overcome third division Hans Rostock 2-0 away in the German Cup first round on Monday with the game interrupted by crowd trouble.
Weiser broke the deadlock with a thundering shot from just inside the box in the 88th minute after two interruptions, including one of 15 minutes late in the second half when the visiting Hertha fans lit flares in the stands and fired some towards the home supporters' tribune.
Rostock fans responded by burning Hertha banners as the game looked on the brink of being abandoned.
Ibisevic tapped in Hertha's second goal in stoppage time.
Schalke 04's Ukrainian Yevhen Konoplyanka also scored two late goals to save their side's blushes with a 2-0 win at gutsy fourth-tier club BFC Dynamo.
Holders Borussia Dortmund advanced on Saturday with a 4-0 win away to amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen as did Bayern Munich who crushed third division hosts Chemnitz 5-0.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Ken Ferris)
Raipur: Privatisation is a dirty word in large swathes of socialist India. So, it would take an extremely brave person or a madman to hand the management of a community asset like a river to a private company.
But that's what the Digvijay Singh government in Madhya Pradesh did in 1998, when they contracted out a 23.6-kilometre stretch of the Shivnath River in Durg district to Radius Water Ltd (RWL) to build a barrage and supply water to a nearby industrial estate.
Twenty years on, the controversy over the original decision refuses to die down. The new state of Chhattisgarh inherited the project and both successive governments, one led by Ajit Jogi of the Congress and the other by Raman Singh of the BJP, have stood firmly behind it.
That, despite a scathing report by the state legislature's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) in 2007 that described the terms of the Radius water contract as a plunder of public assets and called for the arrest of the officials involved.
The 345-kilometres Shivnath River is Mahanadi's largest tributary. It originates in the Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra and joins the Mahanadi River near the small town Shivrinarayan in Chhattisgarh. The Radius project arose from the Madhya Pradesh government's efforts to attract industry to the area. Factories in the proposed Borai industrial park needed water, but the government lacked the funds to build the requisite infrastructure.
Under a Rs 9-crore project, MP Aydhyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (MPAKVN) contracted RWL to build a barrage on the Shivnath River and supply up to 30 million litres per day (mld) to factories in Borai. RWL would operate the storage and distribution infrastructure for 22 years, after which the entire asset would be transferred to MPAKVN (now its successor, Chhattisgarh State Industrial Development Corporation or CSIDC) at no cost.
RWL gained exclusive rights to supply water to the Borai industrial park and the CSIDC was obliged to provide the company land needed to build project-related infrastructure free of cost. CSIDC would purchase water from RWL and sell it to factories in Borai. Construction was completed in two years and operations began in January 2001.
Borai then housed two medium-scale units and their combined water requirement was between 1.14 and 2.5 mld. But CSIDC, under the agreement, had to compulsorily buy 4 mld to make the project viable. It was the water-pricing formula, however, that did CSIDC in.
Bad business ignored too long
According to the latest report of Chhattisgarh's Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), between fiscal 2011 and 2015 CSIDC paid RWL between Rs.15.95 and Rs. 17.36 per kilolitre. In this 5-year period, CSIDC also paid the government's Water Resources Department between Rs.10.53 and Rs.25.17 per kilolitre, taking its cost of water to anything between Rs.26.71 and Rs.41.58 per kilolitre.
But CSIDC supplied the water to its industrial clients at a steep discount, at rates ranging from Rs.18.12 to Rs.21.26 per kilolitre. Unsurprisingly, CSIDC incurred a cumulative loss of Rs. 30.6 crore over this period. As the PAC report of March 2007 observed, “(This) is in the view of committee a conspiracy done with an ill motive to put the administration in a situation of non-profit. It's a conspiracy done with bad intention and (it's) very rare to find such (an) example in (a) democratic system.”
But 11 years later, the PAC's recommendations remain a dead letter. Says RWL director Kailash Soni, “This is a very old story and has already expired long back as the project has nothing wrong (with it).” Adds Tokhan Sahu, parliamentary secretary for irrigation in the Chhattisgarh government, “Shivnath's privatisation is no more an issue. The required amount of water needed for farmers is supplied by us. The Opposition parties spread rumours and try to defame the BJP government.”
Speaking of the government's unwillingness to act, Ramchandra Singhdev, a former finance and irrigation minister and member of the PAC says, “How to exploit the natural resources of state can be seen in BJP governance anywhere in Chhattisgarh. The government should explain that in the Shivnath matter, under whose pressure or what allurement has the file been kept closed for eight years?”
Farmers' pumps, nets seized
RWL has always maintained that, under the terms of the contract, people living on the banks of the river along this 23.6 kilometres stretch have no right to its water, whether for drinking or irrigation. If the villagers draw water for any reason, it's the responsibility of CSIDC to compensate the company. The company has repeatedly seized electric pumps belonging to farmers. The company has also confiscated the nets of local fishermen on its stretch of the river.
Mahmara village is most affected by RWL's operations. Sivakumar Nishad, former sarpanch of Mahmara village recalls how farmers and fishermen of the area had fought a long battle over water. "Earlier we used to mine sand from Shivnath river. It was a huge source of income for the panchayat, but due to Radius Water, the work was completely closed. Besides this, there was a graveyard there that was submerged. If someone dies in the rainy days, it is difficult to conduct a funeral. Radius Water opens the dam gates whenever they want, due to which danger always prevails.”
Says Gautam Bandopadhayay of Nadi Ghati Morcha, a river activist working in Chhattisgarh, “Shivnath is not Chhattisgarh's but India's first river to be privatised. Those dependent on the river have no law to protect their rights. The gates to privatisation have been opened. Next will be the Kelo river in Raigarh, Shabri in Dantewada and Maniyari in Bilaspur. Rivers like Indravati, Arpa, Kharun and Mahanadi are already supplying industry. We don't have an equitable water policy.”
Chhattisgarh goes to the polls this December and, considering the RWL contract is up for renewal in October 2020, the Shivnath issue is bound to loom large once again.
(Vandana Agrawal is a Raipur-based freelance writer and a member of 101Reporters.com, a pan-India network of grassroots reporters)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co Inc reported a bigger quarterly loss on Friday, partly due to a $2.6 billion charge related to recent changes to the U.S. tax law.
The company said its research and development expenses fell 56 percent to $2.06 billion in the quarter.
Merck's net loss attributable widened to $872 million, or 32 cents per share, in the fourth quarter, from $594 million, or 22 cents per share, a year earlier. (Reporting by Manas Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
GENEVA: Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Tens of thousands of war-related fatalities among city dwellers accounted for 70 percent of civilian deaths in the two countries during the period, the agency said. The Yemeni cities of Taiz, Sadaa and Sanaa have also become deadly battlefields.
"This is all the more alarming as new offensives (against Islamic State militants) get under way in cities like Raqqa in Syria or intensify in Mosul, Iraq," said Robert Mardini, ICRC regional director for the Middle East.
"Taiz remains partly besieged just as daily air strikes and shelling continue to terrify residents," they told a news conference to launch an ICRC report called "I Saw My City Die".
The phenomenon is not limited to the Middle East, Mardini said. "We see also that many other conflicts are taking place in urban areas in other places such as Somalia and Afghanistan and other countries."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Battles raging in cities, which are "today the new normal unfortunately", damage vital infrastructure and disrupt basic services including health care, Mardini said.
"The impacts of warfare are quickly multiplied with exponential consequences. If a power line is hit, (there is) no water, no electricity, no waste water treatment. There are contamination outbreaks and massive challenges to run hospitals," they said.
Yemen's two-year civil war has been marked by a Saudi-led coalition carrying out massive air strikes to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to power and end rule by the Iran-backed Houthi militia.
Yemen's health system has all but collapsed, compounded by a deadly outbreak of cholera, a water-borne disease that can kill within hours, the ICRC said.
"In the last 6 weeks, 1 in 200 Yemenis have contracted cholera while almost 1,000 have died. The outbreak has not seen its peak yet. It's just accelerating," Maria Del Pilar Bauza Moreno, ICRC health coordinator in Yemen, said by video from Sanaa.
More than 5,000 new cases of cholera were reported each day last week in Yemen, bringing the total to some 135,000. The ICRC has flown in four cargo planes with chlorine to treat water, as well as intravenous fluids to rehydrate patients.
"Cholera has found the perfect ground - deteriorated living conditions, poor hygiene behaviour, unsafe drinking water in most of the cities, collapsed sewage systems, and uncollected garbage everywhere," Bauza Moreno said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; editing by Mark Heinrich)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dietmar Hamann has hit out at Loris Karius' antics following Liverpool's defeat by Real Madrid in the Champions League final.
The German keeper was at fault for two of Los Blancos' three goals on Saturday, after they threw the ball into the path of Karim Benzema to open the scoring, and palmed a speculative Gareth Bale effort into their own net.
After the match Karius broke down in tears as they walked towards the travelling Liverpool supporters to apologise for their costly errors.
But Hamann believes the Reds shot-stopper was wrong for doing this, and has hit out at their compatriot's 'unnecessary behaviour'.
(Image: UEFA)
"My sympathy with Karius is limited," Hamann told Sports Bild. "We don't have to discuss that they decided the final with their two mistakes.
"Something like that can always happen to a professional footballer. But what I didn't like was their behaviour afterwards.
"To publicly show their suffering after the final whistle was just as unnecessary as their tearful asking for forgiveness from the Reds fans."
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Hamann was part of the Liverpool team that last won the Champions League against AC Milan in Istanbul back in 2005.
They continued: "Liverpool fans forgive their stars just as well as any other, the anthem 'You'll Never Walk Alone' is part of life at the club.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"With one exception: when your ego doesn't match your performance.
"Karius drives through Liverpool with the personalised number plates 'LK1' and makes waves in the city whenever they step out.
(Image: Reuters)
"Having airs like that is something Cristiano Ronaldo, alias CR7, can pull off in Madrid, because they have won the Champions League five times.
"Someone like Karius has not achieved anything yet in their career and should be happy to have been given the chance by Klopp at a world-class club."
NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) — North Tonawanda parents say violence inside and outside of the middle school is “out of control.”
Victoria Crago has five kids in the North Tonawanda City school district. A month ago, their oldest son was attacked by their classmates off school grounds.
“He got into an altercation with another boy, they were punched and it happened in front of my wife,” said William Crago, parent.
“It felt like such an assault on normal life, we were coming out of a store with our bags. I was completely blown away, I was shocked, I was traumatized,” said Victoria Crago.
Their son walked away with a black eye.
That incident led to a Facebook group called, “North Tonawanda Coalition for Safe Schools and Streets.” Nearly 400 parents and community members have already joined.
“We came to realize that we were not alone, that there are a lot of kids who are being picked on, bullied and dealing with violence from certain students in the district,” said Mr. Crago.
Parents told News 4 there's a culture of violence brewing at the district's middle school. Their children come home and talk about bullying, drug use and sexual assaults.
The newly formed parent group's goal is to curb the violence.
“We've worked with the school to get a school resource officer at the middle school, we talked about improving the character education programs in the school. We've been able to also look at some of the issues with the police department, the juvenile department, if it's adequately staffed,” said Mr. Crago.
The Crago family says a lot of students no longer feel safe at the school which is an issue big enough to drive people out of the district. That's why they are now leaning on the community to restore safety in their children's lives.
“I'd like to see a return to maybe a little bit of old fashioned neighborly concern, I'd like to see people really watching what's going on,” said Mrs. Crago.
Members of the Facebook group say there are a lot of questions about how the school district is handling these violent incidents. News 4 reached out to several school officials about the violence, but have not heard back.
Related Coverage Under 3 weeks left: Obama in closing stretch of presidency
WASHINGTON (AP) — Congress ushers in a new era of all-Republican rule.
On Tuesday at noon, with plenty of pomp and pageantry, members of the 115th Congress will be sworn in, with an emboldened GOP intent on unraveling eight years of President Barack Obama's Democratic agenda and targeting massive legacy programs from Franklin D. Roosevelt and Lyndon B. Johnson such as Social Security and Medicare.
In the election, Republicans kept their tight grip on the House and outmaneuvered the Democrats for a slim majority in the Senate. In less than three weeks, on the West Front of the Capitol, Chief Justice John Roberts will administer the presidential oath to Donald Trump, the GOP's newfound ally.
First up for Republicans is repeal and delay of the health care law, expediting the process for scrapping Obama's major overhaul but holding off on some changes for up to four years. The tax code is in the cross-hairs. Conservatives want to scuttle rules on the environment and undo financial regulations created in the aftermath of the 2008 economic meltdown, arguing they are too onerous for businesses to thrive.
The only obstacle to the far-reaching conservative agenda will be Senate Democrats who hold the power to filibuster legislation, but even that has its political limitations. Twenty-three Democrats are up for re-election in 2018, including 10 from states Trump won, and they could break ranks and side with the GOP.
Here are a few things to know about Congress:
___
BY THE NUMBERS
Vice President Joe Biden, in one of their final official acts, will administer the oath to 27 returning senators and seven new ones. Republicans will have a 52-48 advantage in the Senate, which remains predominantly a bastion of white men.
There will be 21 women, of whom 16 are Democrats and five, Republicans; three African Americans, including California's new Democratic senator Kamala Harris, and four Hispanics, including Nevada's new Democratic senator Catherine Cortez Masto.
Across the Capitol, the House is expected to re-elect Rep. Paul Ryan as Speaker, with all the campaign-season recriminations involving the Wisconsin Republican and Trump largely erased by GOP wins. Once sworn in, Ryan will then administer the oath to the House members.
The GOP will hold a hefty 241-194 majority in the House, including 52 freshmen — 27 Republicans, including Wyoming's Liz Cheney, daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney, and 25 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING THE CABINET
The Senate will exercise its advice and consent role and consider nominations of 15 department secretaries and six people tapped by Trump to lead agencies or serve in roles with Cabinet-level status, such as the EPA and U.N. ambassador.
Democrats won't make it easy.
Several in the party have been highly critical of several of Trump's choices, from Rick Perry, who forgot during the 2012 presidential campaign that the Energy Department was the one they wanted to eliminate, to Treasury pick Steve Mnuchin, the former Goldman Sachs executive whom Democrats have dubbed the “foreclosure king” for their stake in OneWest Bank that profited from the foreclosure crisis.
Others nominees, such as retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for defense secretary, should easily win confirmation. First, though, Congress must pass a law allowing the former military man to serve in a civilian post.
There is a limit to what Democrats can do. Rules changes in 2013 allow some nominees, including Cabinet picks, to be confirmed with a simple majority, preventing Democrats from demanding 60 votes to move forward.
___
SUPREME COURT VACANCY
Adding to the drama of the new Congress will be high-profile confirmation hearings for Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court.
Justice Antonin Scalia died last February and Republicans refused to consider Obama's nominee, Merrick Garland, insisting that the next president should fill the high court vacancy that's now lasted more than 10 months.
Trump released a list of potential choices during the campaign that included Utah Sen. Mike Lee, who clerked for Justice Samuel Alito. Since the election, the president-elect also has met with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who clerked for former Chief Justice William Rehnquist, prompting talk about a possible nomination for the onetime presidential rival.
Trump has said they want to nominate a justice who would help overturn Roe v. Wade, the 1973 decision that legalized abortion. Cruz and Lee would fulfill that pledge.
___
NEW FACE IN LEADERSHIP
The point man for Senate Democrats is Brooklyn-born Chuck Schumer, who will be a chief antagonist to fellow New Yorker Trump.
Schumer succeeds Nevada's Harry Reid, who retired after five terms, and joins Congress' top leaders — Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Speaker Ryan — in what is certain to be tough negotiations next year on spending and policies.
___
RUSSIAN HACKING
The first public hearing on the intelligence community's assessment that Russia interfered in the U.S. election is Thursday in the Senate Armed Services Committee, with James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, set to testify. Expect individual panels to investigate, but not a special, high-profile select committee. McConnell has rejected that bipartisan call.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Turkish Airlines (THY) was deemed three times safer than various European airlines in a year-long inspection carried out by the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), THY General Manager Bilal Ekşi announced on Twitter Wednesday.
The Safety Assessment of Foreign Aircraft (SAFA) program inspects the maintenance status and airworthiness of airlines' aircraft. The program also checks whether cabin crews and pilots follow the necessary safety rules both in the cockpit and cabin.
The program then proceeds to assign numeric values for each safety hazard it finds, marking the safest airlines with the least penalties and hence a lower score.
SAFA was launched by the European Civil Aviation Conference in 1996, with the aim to enforce international safety standards within the European community.
According to Ekşi, Turkish Airlines managed to score 0.17 points in 123 safety inspections in a year while the average for airlines in the European Union was 0.51 points.
"We are three times safer," they said..
Flying to 303 destinations in 120 countries, THY holds the title of the airline flying to the most destinations in the world. Last year, it served 68.6 million passengers, marking a 9.3 percent hike compared to the previous year and made TL 639 million ($139.15 million) in net profit.
From 2011 to 2016, the Skytrax world airline survey also named THY the best airline in Europe.
Paper bag waist is in vogue for trousers, dresses, skirts and shorts not only because they are comfortable and chic but also they give a stylish look, say experts.Ruyant Matthieu, Head of Design and Offering at Promod and Samantha Chilton, Head of Design KOOVS, share how to get the style right.* Paper bag waist straight fit trousers: Turn around your usual office look by wearing paper bag waist trousers with a crisp white shirt to get the on-trend office look for 2018.* Paper bag waist skirt: Wear bright paper bag waist skirt with floral bralette/spaghetti top and a bandana to create a breezy vibe. You can also team it up with a striped top and a pretty belt.* High paper bag waist shorts: A high paper bag waist short and simple white top with delicate necklace make an easy outfit for the movies with your friends. Keep it simple and go for paper bag waist shorts and a plain T-shirt accessorised with a statement necklace.* Cropped paper bag waist trousers: A new comfortable style, perfect for a hot summer day. Wear it with a bright tucked in shirt to complete your day look for the summers. Or head for a cropped paper bag pant for your casual Fridays.* Linen dress with paper bag waist: For your next date night, wear high heels and a statement necklace to your make paper bag waist dress stand out in the crowd.* Paper bag waist pants: Pair these with a crop top for hot summer nights/days, team it up with heels to make it dressy, while flat sandals keep it more casual."The paper bag waist apparel style is extremely chic, comfortable and dominating fashion trends at the moment. The unique detailing instantly adds a dramatic flair while uplifting an otherwise simple outfit. The style creates an illusion of a cinched-up waist that effortlessly compliments your natural curves. A tip to perfectly rock this trend is to pair the loose fit bottoms with a well-fitted or a crop top," according to experts at fashion label Vero Moda.The experts also suggest picking from a colour palette that ranges from beige to faded denim that are perfect for the summers. Complete the look with a pair of wedges or pumps.
Facebook Inc is launching an app for smart TVs that will help the social network's users enjoy its videos on a bigger screen.
The app will roll out soon from app stores for Apple TV, Samsung Smart TV and Amazon Fire TV, the company said in a blogpost on Tuesday.
The blogpost also said users can scroll through their news feed and simultaneously watch videos on their timeline.
Sound also fades in and out as one scrolls through videos in news feed now. Videos in news feed have previously played silently — one needed to tap on a video to hear its sound.
The Wall Street Journal reported last month that Facebook was creating an app for TV set-top boxes that would bring the company closer to live video and video advertisements.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg during a post-earnings call said this month that the company expected a major ramp-up in hiring and other spending during 2017 as it invests in video and other priorities.
The company last year expanded its live video product, Facebook Live – a potential threat to broadcast television
TheaterWorks, Hartford: Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food. Several years ago their play “I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti” was their adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run. It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members. Now they have adapted Chef Rossi's memoir, “Raging Skillet.” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “The Raging Skillet,” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings. This play is based on Rossi's book and also features a woman cooking on stage. The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks. In “Spaghetti,” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “Skillet,” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist.
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production. The chef's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness their daughter's success and to criticize their daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion. The chef's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook. The awful food was the motivation for their rebellious daughter to learn how to cook. Rossi's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole.
Throughout the performance, the chef talks about some of the dishes they have made that led to their success. For instance, they describe their Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole, which they recreate on stage. “Once you mix, then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it's all in.” They demonstrate and when the batch is made, they have their sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience. The actor playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker. These are passed around to some audience members.
As they narrate the horrible, but hilarious scenes from the story of their rise to fame, their mother keeps interrupting. Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to their mother at times. Them hard edge gets softer at the end, when they flip through the pages of their mother's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman their mom really was.
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of their job as a day bartender; as an assistant to a chef where they had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate, and finally as their own boss they cater an event celebrating the play “The Vagina Monologues.” Them vivid descriptions of their creations for this event could make a sailor blush.
By the way, large projections of chapter titles in Rossi's books flank the stage and a large display of their books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play. Throughout the show, you'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater. The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was.
As for the language of the play, in every playbill, you will find “A Goy's Glossary” of Jewish terms. And, if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered, see this play and you might learn some new ones. In other words, this is a warning. If you object to foul language cross this show off your list.
Directed by John Simpkins, the cast performs well. Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “b..ch.” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom, and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef.
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt. Blair Gulledge designed costumes, with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively.
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright, I can honestly say that this is not their best work.
The play runs through Aug. 27. Box office: 860-527-7838.
The estate of Playboy model Katie May is suing the chiropractor they say is responsible for their death.
Alex Maimon, the father of their child and also the executor of their estate, is suing Los Angeles-based chiropractor Dr. Eric Marc Swartz for malpractice, negligence and wrongful death, reports TMZ.
According to documents obtained by the website, the estate alleges that the “aggressive neck treatment” Swartz gave May following an injury is to blame their death early last year. The estate believes they should have instead been sent to a hospital for a CT scan because of the injury she'd suffered during a photoshoot.
May, who was also known as the “queen of SnapChat,” died suddenly last February after suffering a stroke. They were 34. In October, a coroner's report revealed their death was caused by an accidental blunt force injury that tore their left vertebral artery, cutting off blood flow to their brain.
The lawsuit also raises questions about the timing of the writing of May's patient report. Instead of being written right after Swartz saw the model, it was completed four days after they died.
SINGAPORE: A motorcyclist was taken to hospital after an accident involving a car along the Pan-Island Expressway (PIE) on Tuesday (Dec 12).
The police said they were alerted to an accident involving a car and a motorcycle along the PIE towards Tuas near Stevens Road exit at around 8.30am.
The male motorcyclist was taken conscious to Tan Tock Seng Hospital.
The accident involved a car and a motorcycle along the PIE. (Photo: Jason Leong)
Finance manager Jason Leong, 40, told Channel NewsAsia that they were on a bus when they saw a traffic jam at the Whitley Road entrance onto the PIE.
"I saw an uncle who had fallen off their motorcycle and their face and hands were bleeding," said Mr Leong.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There was also an SCDF vehicle "ferrying a number of SCDF men" at the scene, they added.
"Upon seeing the accident, the officers immediately got off the lorry and headed to assist the uncle. Some of them were assisting to direct traffic."
There were also two cars parked along the emergency stopping lane, and people from those cars also got out to help, said Mr Leong.
"When I saw the uncle, they were already on the floor. They were conscious when the officers were helping him."
Police investigations are ongoing.
Lebanon is likely to hold long-delayed elections in May 2018, ministers said on Wednesday, after the cabinet approved a new law for a legislative vote that has spared the country a major political crisis.
BEIRUT: Lebanon is likely to hold long-delayed elections in May 2018, ministers said on Wednesday, after the cabinet approved a new law for a legislative vote that has spared the country a major political crisis.
Recent disputes over an election law that is at the heart of the nation's sectarian political system had pushed Lebanon to the brink of crisis, threatening to leave it without a parliament for the first time.
The new law will extend parliament's term by almost a year until next May, avoiding a legislative vacuum when the chamber's current term ends on June 20.
It will create a proportional representation system for parliament and alter the number of districts from which lawmakers are elected, among other changes.
"Today, cabinet approved the law ... with an extension of parliament's term by 11 months for technical reasons" to prepare for the polls under the new law, Prime Minister Saad al-Hariri said. Parliament, which is set to meet on Friday, must now also approve the law.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Elections are likely to take place on May 6, 2018 and parliament could extend its term until May 20, Information Minister Melhem Riachy told journalists earlier on Wednesday.
Lebanon's rival parties agreed this week on the draft electoral law after months of political wrangling, paving the way for the first elections in eight years.
Parliament has extended its own mandate twice since current lawmakers were elected in 2009 for what was meant to be a four-year term.
Sectarian divisions have long plagued politics in Lebanon, exacerbated by the Syrian conflict and complicated by rivalry between Iran and Saudi Arabia, which back different groups in the country. Lebanese activists accuse politicians of using regional upheaval as an excuse to dodge elections.
Protesters took to the streets of Beirut after the two previous parliamentary extensions, which critics, including the European Union, condemned as unconstitutional.
Politicians had been unable to agree on a new law for years because of fundamental disagreements between the parties, including over representation and how to conduct the vote.
Most political parties had rejected holding new legislative elections based on the existing system, a sectarian-based law that dates back to 1960.
(Reporting by Lisa Barrington, Issam Abdallah and Ellen Francis; editing by Mark Heinrich)
SINGAPORE: When school reopens on Tuesday (Jan 3), students in seven primary schools will enjoy better facilities and teaching, as they switch to a single-session timetable.
It is part of the Ministry of Education's (MOE) goal for all primary schools to move from a double to single-session model, in order to make better use of school resources. That leaves only eight schools which will still conduct classes in the morning and afternoon sessions in 2017.
To make the transition, enhancements would have to be made at schools. At Concord Primary School in Choa Chu Kang, for instance, work on new buildings and facilities was completed over the holidays.
It has a new indoor sports hall and the space below it doubles as a basketball court and recreational area. To make full use of limited space, high ropes and zip lines were built around the walls of the building, to allow the school to conduct its outdoor education programme.
High ropes built around the school for its outdoor education programme. (Photo: Concord Primary School)
In the new classrooms, lego-like tables can be rearranged to suit different teaching methods.
Concord's principal Tonnine Chua noted that the changes will allow the school to make better use of its time and resources: “Now the six levels are able to come together as a whole school. We are able to hold common programmes for them, like the celebration of festivals. Otherwise we always need to plan for extra resources and time to duplicate whatever programmes that are essential for the children.”
Tables which can be rearranged to suit different teaching methods. (Photos: Concord Primary School)
The recommendation for all primary schools to switch to a single morning session was made in 2009 by the Primary Education Review and Implementation (PERI) committee. The aim is to provide students with “more time and space to interact meaningfully with their teachers,” according to PERI's report.
It's a move that's welcomed by the principal of Boon Lay Garden Primary, another school which is moving to a single-session timetable this year. The changes, in addition to hiring more teachers, will allow the school to deploy staff based on their strengths.
"Now, my physical education, art and music lessons will be taught fully by teachers who are trained in these areas. Previously we do, but we still needed help from other teachers who are not specialised," explained Mrs Ong Jia Miin. "It allows flexibility in timetabling, and a lot of flexibility in deployment."
They added that students will also benefit from an improved buddy system, by having older students show the Primary 1 children around.
"In the past, it was the Primary 2 children who guided the Primary 1. Of course the Primary 2 children did a good job, but now with the single session, I'm able to get Primary 4 children who are more experienced and more confident," said Mrs Ong.
Other schools making the transition this year is: Admiralty Primary, Chua Chu Kang Primary, Si Ling Primary, Tao Nan, and Woodgrove Primary, bringing the total number of single session schools to 182.
This leaves just eight more schools which have yet to switch from a double-session timetable:
Geylang Methodist Primary
Holy Innocents' Primary
Maha Bodhi
Pei Chun Public
Pei Hwa Presbyterian Primary
Red Swastika
Rulang Primary
Tanjong Katong Primary
In a statement, MOE said it will work closely with the remaining eight schools: "We are working towards this, to ensure that the full suite of facilities can cater to the whole student cohort when the respective schools transit to operate in single session."
(Reuters) - Southampton players would welcome Virgil van Dijk back with open arms despite the Dutch centre-back's transfer standoff with the Premier League club, midfielder Steven Davis has said.
Van Dijk handed in a transfer request last week after expressing disappointment at the club's refusal to listen to offers for him.
Davis took the captain's armband in the absence of Van Dijk, who was ruled out of the weekend's goalless draw with Swansea City due to a virus.
"It's a situation Virgil has got to deal with himself," Davis told reporters.
"Nobody else is living in that moment so nobody knows what's going through their head.
"But we're all there to support them and we'd welcome them back with open arms. That goes without question because of the quality that he's got."
Van Dijk has been linked by the British media with several Premier League clubs, including Liverpool, who were forced to make a public apology after being accused of making an illegal approach for the player earlier in the transfer window.
"We're all professionals, we know that's football, we know what goes on behind the scenes," Davis added.
"We're desperate and we hope we can keep them because he's such a quality player and an important player in the dressing room as well."
Southampton, who have failed to score in their last six league games at home, host West Ham United on Saturday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Islamabad
Bahria College Islamabad regrets the unfortu-nate incident where an external examiner, appointed by FBISE harassed the female students during their HSSC practical exams. The college administration has taken serious note of the incident and has lodged a complaint to FBISE and Ministry of Education against Sadat Bashir Biology Practical Examiner. In addition, the matter is being investigated to avoid such incidents in future. It will be ensured that the justice is done to the aggrieved and culprit gets punishment.—PR
SINGAPORE: A Singaporean man was killed in a car accident in New Zealand on Monday afternoon (Dec 11).
According to a statement by the New Zealand police, two cars crashed on State Highway 6 along Ruatapu road shortly after 12pm on Monday. This happened near Hokitika on South Island.
"The driver of one of the vehicles has died and two other people have moderate injuries," police added.
Local news site Stuff.co.nz reported on Tuesday that the driver who was killed was a man from Singapore.
"It appears, on the face of it, that it was a head-on (crash), which would indicate one of the vehicles had crossed the centre line," said Sergeant Andrew Lyes who was quoted in the report.
"We're keeping an open mind while the crash investigation continues."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Channel NewsAsia has reached out to Singapore's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
New Delhi: Opposition leaders met on Wednesday to chalk out a strategy for the upcoming presidential poll but no names were discussed in the first round of talks of a nine-party sub-group set up for the purpose, members said.
As the process for the filing of nominations for the 17 July election started, 10 opposition leaders met in the Parliament chamber of the Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad.
The leaders including Azad and Mallikarjun Kharge from the Congress, JD-U's Sharad Yadav, RJD's Lalu Prasad, CPI-M's Sitaram Yechury and NCP's Praful Patel. Derek O'Brien of the TMC, RS Bharathi of the DMK, Ram Gopal Yadav of the SP and Satish Chandra Misra from the BSP were also present at the 10-member group's meeting.
Azad said leaders of 17 opposition parties had met at a lunch hosted by Congress president Sonia Gandhi last month, where it was decided a sub-committee would be set up to take forward discussions on the issue.
"A sub-committee was formed in which leaders of nine parties were included, as there was a need for a smaller committee," they said.
This was the first meeting of the group on Wednesday.
"The nitty gritty details were not discussed. No names have been short-listed yet," they said after the 30-minute meeting.
The ruling party has formed a three-member committee to discuss the possibility of a consensus candidate with allies and opposition parties. Azad said it had started contacting opposition leaders.
"The process has just started. In such conditions, the selection of a final candidate is impossible. In the next few days this sub-committee will meet again and probably we will hold detailed discussions then," they said.
The BJP panel comprising union ministers Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley and M Venkaiah Naidu has reached out to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Yechury, BSP's Misra and NCP's Patel and would be meeting the leaders of these parties separately to discuss the issue of a joint candidate.
The panel would meet Gandhi on Friday. Azad said by the time the 10-member group meets, the ruling party would have consulted opposition leaders, who would then be in a better position to discuss candidates.
Asked if the government was trying to break opposition unity, they said, "The government is going to talk to opposition leaders separately and not collectively. All opposition parties are totally united."
RJD's Lalu Prasad stressed the election was not just for choosing the president and the vice President.
"It is a preparation for the next election. The aim is to remove the BJP," they said after the meeting.
Asked about the Shiv Sena throwing up BJP leader LK Advani's name as a possible candidate, they said, "You wait and see what happens."
Patel said Venkaiah Naidu had called them and wanted to have formal talks with them and NCP strongman Sharad Pawar.
"The government will come out with their name and then we will evolve our strategy in the next few days," they said.
Misra of the BSP said Naidu had called him, too, and asked for a meeting with party leader Mayawati.
"They will talk and we will see. They have expressed the desire to meet my leader in the next few days," they said.
Sources said the opposition committee is likely to meet next week again to decide on a suitable presidential nominee.
While the ruling party is holding its cards close to its chest, the opposition has already mooted the names of possible candidates and has even held talks with one -former West Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi. A retired bureaucrat and a scholar, they are one of Mahatma Gandhi's grandsons.
Former Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar's name is also doing the rounds, as is that of former union minister Sharad Pawar. The NCP leader, however, has denied being in the race.
The official notification for the presidential poll was issued on Wednesday starting the process for filing of nominations for the 17 July poll. Counting will take place on 20 July.
The term of incumbent Pranab Mukherjee ends on 24 July.
Two crystal bowls, as simple as they may look, are one of just a few items Donna Safer has to remember their late aunt.
“They were always with her,” said Safer. “Wherever they moved, (the bowls were) always in the same place on the same buffet.”
The bowls arrived as an inheritance gift on October 25. One was intact and one was in pieces, leaving Safer feeling pretty broken herself.
“It was devastating because I know this can't be replaced,” said Safer.
They immediately contacted the US Postal Service for a reimbursement, after all, their cousin who sent the bowls insured the package for $1,000.
It wasn't as easy as having the USPS cut them a check for their losses. The service denied Safer's appeal because they didn't have a receipt proving how much the almost 80-year-old bowl is worth.
Safer had trouble find an appraiser who deals with crystal, and couldn't find anything similar online. Plus, with a 30-day appeal window, Safer's time was running low.
That's when they called NBC Connecticut Responds.
“What do I have to lose,” said Safer. “Maybe they can at least connect me with an appraiser.”
Enter Larry Shapiro.
Video Evacuation Lifted for 200K Threatened by California Dam
NBC Connecticut Responds connected Shapiro, of Appraisals Antiques, to Safer. They knew where to look to get the answers they needed.
“I went on to different retail sites, a couple of my paid sites that I have for antiques and collectibles, and took a bunch of different comparisons,” said Shapiro.
They admit, an exact appraisal wasn't easy, because of the bowl's age and style, and they say that can be a lesson for everyone involved.
“You should have some background on what you have,” said Shapiro.
They suggest anyone shipping sensitive or fragile items either get a formal appraisal, or do independent research. That would help keep everyone, including the carrier, on the same page.
“Realistically, if they had an appraised value ahead of time, they wouldn't have had a problem,” said Shapiro. “They would've known what to insure it for.”
For Safer and their crystal bowl, that magic number is 350 dollars, which is significantly less than the 500 dollars of insurance the Postal Service had on record.
“It's really a comedy of errors and a lot of miscommunication,” said Shapiro. “And hopefully, you know, I don't see a problem. The Post Office should be responsible and they should pay, and I would think with this information they will.”
And they did. Within one week, Safer received another long anticipated piece of mail. This time, a check, for a full reimbursement.
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday, their first meeting since the inauguration and one that promises to shape the contours of Middle East policy for the years ahead.
On the agenda are some of the region's most volatile issues: the war in Syria, the Iran nuclear file and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, including Israel's settlement-building on occupied land and whether a Palestinian state will ever emerge.
Netanyahu, under investigation at home over allegations of abuse of office, spent much of Tuesday huddled with senior advisers in Washington preparing for the talks. Officials said they wanted no gaps to emerge between U.S. and Israeli thinking during the scheduled two-hour Oval Office meeting.
Attention will also be paid to body language. While the two men have known each other since the 1980s, Trump has shown a tendency when meeting other leaders to throw them off balance with lengthy, domineering handshakes.
For Netanyahu, a conservative who has spent 11 years in power but never previously overlapped with a Republican president, the gathering is an opportunity to reset ties after a frequently combative relationship with Democrat Barack Obama.
Dennis Ross, an Iran specialist and a Middle East coordinator under President Bill Clinton, said both parties had a vested interest in a successful meeting.
"It's going to succeed in no small part because both President Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu have a very big stake in wanting to demonstrate that whatever the problems were with the last administration, they are now gone," Ross said in a briefing organised by The Israel Project, an advocacy group. "And that in no small part they were attributable to the last administration, meaning to President Obama."
Social media exchanges suggested a budding bromance between Netanyahu and Trump, who has pledged to be the "best friend" Israel has ever had in the White House. But the U.S. president has more recently tempered their pro-Israel stance.
COMMON GROUND?
Trump, who has been in office less than four weeks and has already been immersed in problems including the forced resignation of their national security adviser, brings with them an unpredictability that Netanyahu's staff hope will not impinge on the discussions.
During the election campaign, Trump was relentlessly pro-Israel in their rhetoric, promising to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, backing David Friedman, an ardent supporter of settlements, as their Israeli envoy and saying that they would not put pressure on Israel to negotiate with the Palestinians.
That tune, which was music to Netanyahu's ears and to the increasingly restive right-wing within their coalition, has since changed, making Wednesday's talks critical for clarity.
Trump appears to have put the embassy move on the backburner, at least for now, after warnings about the potential for regional unrest, including from Jordan's King Abdullah.
And rather than giving Israel free rein on settlements, the White House has said building new ones or expanding existing ones beyond their current borders would not be helpful to peace.
That would appear to leave Israel room to build within existing settlements without drawing U.S. condemnation, in what is the sort of gray area the talks are expected to touch on.
Friedman, who has yet to be confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel, will not be participating in Wednesday's talks.
For the Palestinians, and much of the rest of the world, settlements built on occupied land are illegal under international law. Israel disputes that, but faces increasing criticism over the policy from allies, especially after Netanyahu's announcement in the past three weeks of plans to build 6,000 new settler homes across the West Bank.
Even more freighted than settlements is the question of a two-state solution - the idea of Israel and Palestine living side-by-side and at peace - which has been the bedrock of U.S. diplomacy for the past two decades.
Netanyahu committed to the two-state goal in a speech in 2009 and has broadly reiterated the aim since. But given regional instability and long-running divisions in Palestinian politics, some Israeli officials argue that the time is not ripe for a Palestinian state to emerge.
Netanyahu has spoken of a "state minus," suggesting they could offer the Palestinians deep-seated autonomy and the trappings of statehood without full sovereignty. The Palestinians want an independent state in the West Bank and Gaza, with the capital in East Jerusalem, which Israel seized in the 1967 Middle East war.
Trump's position on the two-state solution remains unclear. They have said they want to do the "ultimate deal" and has named their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as a senior Middle East adviser.
Kushner has forged ties with Israel's ambassador to Washington, Ron Dermer, a Netanyahu confidant, and has met with Arab diplomats, according to people familiar with the matter.
Trump supports the goal of peace between the Israel and the Palestinians, even if it does not involve the two-state solution, a senior White House adviser told reporters late on Tuesday.
Failure by a U.S. president to explicitly back the two-state solution would upend decades of U.S. policy embraced by Republican and Democratic administrations. It has long been the bedrock U.S. position for resolving the long-running Israeli-Palestinian conflict and has been at the core of international peace efforts.
The Trump administration is tentatively exploring whether U.S. Sunni Arab allies – which have had growing behind-the-scenes contacts with Israel, mostly over their shared concerns about Shi'ite Iran - might cooperate in any future Israeli-Palestinian diplomacy, the sources said.
Any sign of a softening of U.S. support for eventual Palestinian statehood could anger the Muslim world.
Prospects for any serious new diplomatic initiative remain unclear. The last peace efforts collapsed in early 2014.
"As the president has made clear, their administration will work to achieve comprehensive agreement that would end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict so that Israelis and Palestinians can live in peace and security," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told reporters on Tuesday.
On Iran, there are expectations that Trump and Netanyahu will find common ground. Both have expressed deep reservations about the nuclear deal signed with Iran. But rather than tearing it up, they are expected to look for ways of reinforcing it and quickly adding sanctions for any transgressions.
(Additional reporting by Matt Spetalnick and Steve Holland; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Andrew Pavia of Stratford was the runner-up in the goalie competition at the Lake Placid Skills Competition held in conjunction with the CAN-AM Tournament.
Pavia plays for the Darien Pee Wee A-1's.
Google's Cloud Speech API, which has allowed developers to use Google's services to transcribe spoken words into text since its launch in 2016, is getting a major update today.
The most interesting of these is probably the addition of support for 30 new languages on top of the 89 languages the service already understood (though, to be fair, Google includes multiple regional variants of English, Spanish and Arabic in its total count). These new languages include the likes of Bengali, Latvian and Swahili and, according to Google, cover about a billion speakers.
On top of this, Google also introduced a few new core features to the service. Among This is support for word-level timestamps. The idea here is to tag every word with its timestamp so that developers can, for example, easily allow their users to hear who a given word sounded like. That's especially interesting for human-augmented transcription and translation services that use this API to speed up their workflows. “Having the ability to map the audio to the text with timestamps significantly reduces the time spent proofreading transcripts,” says Happy Scribe co-founder, André Bastie, whose company uses the service for its $0.10/minute interview transcription service
The kind of files that developers upload to the service can now also be up to 3 hours long — up from 80 minutes in the previous version. Developers can also ask for a quota extension to upload files that are even longer.
Like before, developers can get 60 minutes of free audio processing through the Speech API and every additional 15 seconds is billed at $0.006.
15 years ago, cousins Rob Crawford and Ben Biscotti started their production company 1iota from almost nothing. The hope? To give die-hard fans easy access to some show business' most exciting and exclusive events.
Now, millions of tickets later, the concept behind the company has become vital to the entertainment industry. In 2016 alone,1iota sent over one million fans to at least 3,000 events around the world. From the MTV Video Music Awards and the Oscars to the Super Bowl Halftime Show and the iHeartRadio Music Festival, 1iota is taking fans from the living room couch to the front row seat.
Rob and Ben spoke with Radar exclusively about 1iota and how fans can take advantage of all the amazing opportunities it has to offer. Read through to learn how 1iota can connect you with a once-in-a-lifetime experience you'll never forget!
Radar: What exactly is 1iota and what service does it provide?
Rob: We're a unique company in the sense that we connect thousands of fans with all kinds of events in the entertainment world. It could be popular TV shows, red carpet events, sporting events, movie premieres, festivals — it goes on and on. We work behind the scenes with clients, making sure they have solutions all the way from event management, ticketing, fan engagement, and casting, to deep dive data and analytics and on-site logistics.
Radar: How did you get involved in this type of business? What made you realize there was a need for providing shows with fans?
Ben: Rob was a casting director for MTV in the 90s, during the MTV Spring Break, TRL era, and I was on a path to becoming a lawyer. I began working with Rob my last year in college, and we noticed there was a growing need within MTV to provide fans for their projects and that these live audience shows were becoming increasingly more popular. We also began to realize that the more authentic fans we could provide for these shows, the better the end result was. The energy was better, the artists performing were more comfortable, the hosts were more engaged with the audience, and MTV was happier at the end of the day. Shortly thereafter, we decided to combine forces, utilizing Rob's experience and contacts in the business and my legal and business acumen. We formed this company to provide the services we were doing for MTV to all networks, brands, and production companies nationwide.
Radar: Let's say I've never used 1iota before. What's the first step to getting tickets? How can a fan register to be a part of the 1iota database?
Rob: 1iota is unique because it's free. All fans have to do is visit 1iota.com, create a profile, and then they can browse and search for events that fit their life, and request tickets to each and every event they want. It's that simple. People come to the site for a lot of different reasons. Either they really dig a show or a host or a celebrity or a band, but then we find that they come back because the experience was cool and they had a great time, so then they're searching for other things in their interest palate.
Radar: How do tickets work? Is it first come first served, or is it a lottery?
Rob: It just depends on the event. We do all kinds of events, from first come first served to lottery all the way to casting. It really depends on what the client wants and what the needs are for that particular project.
Radar: You've provided fans for The Oscars, The VMAs, and The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. What are some other shows fans can get tickets to via your site that they might not know about?
Rob: There are a bunch of high profile events that happen throughout the year in addition to all the other daily shows that we work on — the one-offs we call them that kind of pop up here and there. For instance, we're shutting down Hollywood Boulevard in a couple of weeks for an Ed Sheeran concert on Jimmy Kimmel Live. Then we'll provide audience members when Live goes to Brooklyn in October. We'll provide the audience for live tapings of Will & Grace. We do the iHeartRadio music festival in Vegas every year, which is an incredible event, one of the biggest line ups you'll see. There are also a bunch of different daytime shows from The View and The Chew to Good Morning America all the way to late night shows, sports, sitcoms, and game shows.
Ben: We have also added a bunch of feature film premieres and advanced screenings into our world. They're great opportunities for fans to get close to their favorite actors.
Radar: What tips would you give fans who are trying to see a really sought after show? How can they better their odds of securing tickets?
Ben: We're always looking for the most authentic, real fans for our events. That's the bottom line. We recommend you always leave us some type of comment in our comment box when you submit your request, telling us that you're a super fan of this show or why you're the most diehard fan of that artist performing. Maybe a cool story that relates to the band or the artist. That could help your chances. When we do social ticket lotteries, do every social task that we ask and earn additional lottery entries, and maximize your opportunity there. Further, show up at our events if you have a reserved ticket. We track your attendance history, and we're more likely to choose those fans that have a history of actually showing up to the event as opposed to those fans that reserve a ticket and never show up.
Radar: How many fans would you say you've provided with tickets over the years?
Rob: We've ticketed millions of fans over the course of 15 years. Last year was 1.5 million. So maybe 8-10 million when you count the early years when we were growing and learning. Last year we did 3,000 events, which for a company of our size is amazing. So you're sending that many fans to 33,000 different experiences in the course of a year. It's really something cool to think about.
Do you want a chance to see your favorite band or show live? Visit 1iota.com to register and start getting tickets today!
SINGAPORE: The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) has urged customers not to purchase or consume Nuvitra and BeColi - two slimming products sold online - because they contain banned substances and potent laxatives.
Both products were marketed online by NKD Singapore as supplements for slimming, with claims that weight loss can be achieved within a short period of time, HSA said in a press release on Thursday (May 31).
Advertisement
Nuvitra was also sold on various local online platforms by other sellers.
The products contain potent ingredients like sibutramine, a weight loss drug that was previously only available by prescription.
Sibutramine has been withdrawn from Singapore since 2010 due to an increased risk of heart attacks and strokes, and side effects like hallucinations and mood swings.
HSA had received reports of consumers experiencing hallucinations or hearing voices, palpitations and breathlessness after consuming slimming products which were adulterated with sibutramine.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Two types of laxatives, sennosides and bisacodyl, were also found in the products. HSA warned that these laxatives may cause vomiting and abdominal pain, and prolonged use may lead to chronic constipation.
Consumers should stop taking Nuvitra and BeColi, and consult a doctor if they feel unwell, HSA said. The authority also advised customers to be wary of products that promise miraculous weight loss, to exercise caution when buying health products online and to be cautious of online product reviews.
HSA has also directed NKD Singapore to stop selling these products, and told the administrators of online sales platforms to remove web listings of the products.
NKD Singapore is assisting HSA with its investigations.
Other sellers and suppliers must also stop selling Nuvitra and BeColi immediately, said HSA, adding that anyone found supplying illegal health products may be imprisoned for up to three years and/or fined up to S$100,000.
Of 1 million green cards issued a year, "almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs."
Republican Sen. Tom Cotton favors a new legal immigration system that's less focused on extended family reunification and more aligned with bringing in skilled workers.
Cotton, of Arkansas, contended on Fox News that of 1 million green cards issued annually, very few are employment-based.
"Right now we have a legal immigration system that is not working for American workers. Blue-collar workers, people who work with their hands, on their feet, have seen their wages stagnate for decades," Cotton said Feb. 7 on Fox News. "At the same time, we've seen record levels of immigration in recent decades. A million green cards a year, the population of Montana added to this country every year, population of Arkansas added every year, almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic need. So, of course they compete for blue-collar jobs and put downward pressure on working-class wages."
There's a lot of debate about the role immigrants play in the workforce and how they impact wages. For this fact-check, we were curious about Cotton's claim that almost none of the 1 million green cards issued each year are based on skills or economic need. Data from the Department of Homeland Security supports their claim.
Cotton filed a bill Feb. 13 to reduce the number of family-sponsored immigrants, to eliminate the Diversity Visa Program, and to limit the president's discretion for setting the number of refugees admitted each year, among other things.
Cotton's bill parallels one of President Donald Trump's campaign promises to reform and limit legal immigration.
1 million green cards
The Immigration and Naturalization Act allows for 675,000 legal immigrant admissions a year, but that number is flexible, and certain categories for legal permanent resident are exceeded, says a 2014 Congressional Research Service report.
Admission preferences, according to the report, include: family-sponsored immigrants (about 480,000); employment-based preference immigrants (about 140,000); and diversity visa lottery immigrants (55,000). Refugees and asylum seekers who are adjusting their status are excluded from limit counts, the report said.
As Cotton said, the United States issues about 1 million green cards a year, allowing recipients to permanently live and work in the United States. The majority of people who become legal permanent residents annually already live in the country and receive their green card as a result of an adjustment of status. The rest are new arrivals.
The majority of green cards, about two-thirds, are given to individuals who have a family relationship with a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident in the United States, according to the Department of Homeland Security. Alex Nowrasteh, an immigration expert at the libertarian Cato Institute, in a 2013 post said the employment rate for family-based immigrants is 54 percent, excluding parents and minor children of U.S. citizens who are less likely to be of working age.
Caroline Rabbitt, Cotton's communications director, told us that when speaking about legal immigration reform, Cotton typically says only 1 out of every 15 immigrants come to the United States on a skills or employment-based visa and that their statement of "almost none" on Fox News was a modified turn of phrase.
"Only 1 out of every 15 immigrant is coming here for employment reasons. If we really needed all of these people because of their skills, because they help the economy grow, they'd be coming here on say an EB1 or EB2 visa, but they are not," Cotton said in a press conference Feb. 7, the same day of their Fox News interview, as they presented their new legislation.
Rabbitt presented us with a table noting the total number of green cards issued a year and the number and percentage of those that were skills-based (from 2001 to 2015). The calculations exclude green cards given to accompanying spouses and minor children.
Nowrasteh, from the Cato Institute, told us it's fair to exclude spouses and children in this tabulation, "after all, they aren't the ones who are supposed to work and they could have any level of skill, although the spouses are usually highly skilled."
On average, 6.73 percent of green cards issued went to someone who came to the United States because of their skills, based on Cotton's calculation using DHS data. That's on par with a similar 2013 claim from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, who then said 6.5 percent of immigrants come here based on labor and skill. Rubio's statement was based on a 2011 policy brief from the Brookings Institution. The report was the best approximation of conflicting numbers, the brief's author, Darrell West, told us then. (More on how they derived at 6.5 percent here.)
West, who is vice president and director of Governance Studies and director of the Center for Technology Innovation at Brookings Institution, told PolitiFact that individuals coming in through family connections also work, pay taxes and contribute to the overall economy.
"Focusing just on those who enter through employment-based preferences ignores the economic contributions of other visa categories," West said, adding that many immigrants work in areas where there are employee shortages.
The employment-based preference includes people adjusting their status and new arrivals and who fall under five categories, such as individuals with extraordinary abilities, professionals with advanced degrees and religious workers. "Needed unskilled workers" also falls within the employment-based preference for green cards.
Our ruling
Cotton said that of 1 million green cards issued a year, "almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs."
Cotton's team told us the senator usually says one out of 15 green card recipients (about 6.7 percent) come to the United States for employment reasons. That estimate checks out with data from the Department of Homeland Security. But experts say focusing just on the employment category overlooks individuals who are also contributing to the economy, though they may have come under a different visa category.
Cotton's statement is accurate, but needs additional information. We rate it Mostly True.
TOKYO: The state-backed fund Innovation Network Corp of Japan is looking at the auction of Toshiba Corp's chip unit but did not participate in first-round bidding, INCJ Chairman Toshiyuki Shiga said on Tuesday.
Sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters INCJ may invest in the business as a minority partner - a move that would help the government prevent a sale to bidders it deems risky to national security.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
NEW YORK: SeaWorld Entertainment Inc shareholders voted against the re-election of Chairman David D'Alessandro, according to people familiar with the matter, amid concerns about a special bonus payout to company officials.
At SeaWorld's annual meeting on Wednesday, D'Alessandro received more "withhold" votes than "for" votes, a proxy voting result that means shareholders effectively voted them off the board, according to these people. The sources did not want to speak on the record because the vote totals were not yet final.
The result means that D'Alessandro needs to formally submit their resignation, though fellow directors could still elect to keep them on the board, per the company's bylaws.
SeaWorld did not immediately return a call seeking comment.
The SeaWorld vote showed how shareholders, even in an uncontested board election, are increasingly voicing their frustration with board members on matters related to executive and director pay.
Advertisement
Advertisement
SeaWorld announced in March that China's Zhonghong Zhuoye Group Co Ltd agreed to buy Blackstone Group's 21 percent stake in the marine park operator for US$23 per share, or US$429 million.
The following month, SeaWorld disclosed in a securities filing that in connection with the sale, the company would be paying out special bonuses tied to SeaWorld's performance since its 2013 IPO.
The original agreement allowed D'Alessandro, ex-CEO Jim Atchison and other executives a chunk of performance-vesting restricted shares to be paid out if SeaWorld achieved a 2.75 times multiple on Blackstone's invested capital.
Based on the price Zhonghong paid, the achieved multiple fell just shy of that threshold, according to the company.
As a result, SeaWorld said in the filing that D'Alessandro and eight of the company's senior executives would receive 60 percent of the vested shares and forfeit the rest.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
The agreed payout angered some investors, FBR said in an analyst note on June 9.
Proxy adviser Glass Lewis recommended shareholders vote against D'Alessandro and another director, citing the April filing and performance share payout.
"We have spoken to investors who share those concerns, so a negative vote and some degree of board shakeup seem possible to us," FBR analyst Barton Crockett said in the note.
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Andrew Hay)
Lots of Christmas events happening this weekend:
PAID: Christmas Wreath Making Walk, Brinscall, Saturday, December 16
A beautiful walk through Brinscall woods during which you'll create a natural wreath to take away with you. ​All the materials are provided. Finished off with hot chocolate, mulled wine and mince pies round the fire. Admission: £15 per wreath - up to five people can make a wreath together (it's a nice family activity). From 2pm until 4pm. This event is followed by the Christmas fair, from 4pm until 6pm, with free admission.
PAID: Leyland Band Christmas Spectacular, Leyland, Sunday, December 17
The Leyland Band will be in action at St Mary's RC Church, featuring special guest Thomas Wyss. It starts at 7pm and tickets are £8 adults; £3 under 10s, under fives go free.
FREE: Carol Service, Rivington, Sunday, December 17
Rivington Unitarian Chapel is to hold an unusual Carol Service at 2.15 pm. Its theme is The Nativity and The Homeless with contributions from an angel, a real donkey and others associated with The Nativity.
FREE: Christmas at the Library, Chorley, Saturday, December 16
Head to Chorley Library for their annual pre-Christmas event with a wonderful choir performance, mini-festive market and free Christmas crafts for the children.​​ ​From 10am until 1pm.
PAID: Natural Christmas Decorations, Longton, Saturday, December 16
Make Christmas decorations out of natural materials at Longton Brickcroft Visitor Centre. All the materials provided. Admission £3. Drop-in indoor event between 10am and 12pm.
LONDON: Williams replaced head of aerodynamics Dirk De Beer on Wednesday after a troubled start to the Formula One season that has left the former champions languishing in last place with only four points from six races.
The team, who have the same engines as championship leaders Mercedes, said in a statement the South African had stepped down with immediate effect.
Advertisement
Dave Wheater has been handed De Beer's title, while chief engineer Doug McKiernan assumes responsibility over the aerodynamic and design direction of the car.
De Beer's departure followed that of chief designer Ed Wood, who left earlier in May for personal reasons.
This year's FW41 car has disappointed in the hands of Canadian teenager Lance Stroll and Russian rookie Sergey Sirotkin.
The car had been presented in February with technical head Paddy Lowe saying the team had "pursued a very different aerodynamic concept which has allowed us some significant progress in aerodynamic performance".
Advertisement
Advertisement
However Williams failed to score a point until Stroll finished eighth in Azerbaijan at the end of April, and that remains the only race in which they have scored.
Stroll finished two laps down and last of those classified in Monaco at the weekend, while Sirotkin was one place ahead of the Canadian in 16th.
De Beer joined from Ferrari last year and was previously at Sauber, Renault and Lotus.
McKiernan joined from McLaren, where they were head of aerodynamics, earlier this year.
Williams were the only team other than Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull to have a driver on the podium last year, with Stroll third in Azerbaijan, but have not won a race since 2012.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin; Editing by David Holmes)
The feminist Liberal government has decided, on behalf of all Canadians, to change the lyrics of O Canada. Liberals in the Senate passed a bill this week, and just like that, without a national debate or any feedback from Canadians, the government will begin imposing the new lyrics to our anthem.
According to our politically correct overlords, the national anthem was sexist. Yes, sexist.
At government ceremonies, meetings and events, English Canadians will no longer hear “in all thy sons command,” and instead will be subject to the horribly clunky and awkward “in all of us command.”
This revision to our 104-year-old anthem will supposedly make it “gender neutral.”
This is just the latest attack on our Canadian identity and national symbols in the name of political correctness and Liberal activism. Nothing is safe from the social justice warriors who are intent on whitewashing our history and ridding society of anything that could be interpreted by anyone as being offensive.
When it comes to Canada's national anthem, though, the changes are based on a misreading of history and a misunderstanding of the English language. That's because O Canada has always been gender neutral, despite what the hyper-sensitive politically correct crowd may say.
According to Dr. Chris Champion, a Canadian historian and expert witness who addressed the Heritage Committee in 2016, our national anthem has always been inclusive of women.
“In English Literature, going back to Shakespeare and the authorized bible, in the music of Handel and the hymns that all English Canadians sang for almost 200 years, the word ‘sons' – properly understood, in context – commonly did not refer only to men,” said Champion.
In the context it was written, the term ‘sons' referred to all children, not just boys.
Only in today's distorted political climate, where statues of Sir John A. Macdonald are deemed racist relics of white supremacy, no institution is safe. There is a growing movement of anti-Western far-left activists who are intent on dismantling every aspect of our civilization.
Alongside these activists, we have a Liberal government in Ottawa equally keen on tinkering with our national identity to suit their own impulses. What used to unite all Canadians and provide a joint sense of pride and patriotism is now being scorned, dismissed and outlawed.
Today they're fighting against our first prime minister and our national anthem, tomorrow it could be our Bill of Rights, our education system or the very concept of being Canadian.
Nothing is safe from the new authoritarian impulses of left-wing activists.
Despite these disturbing trends, however, we can take solace in the common sense of everyday Canadians.
Most Canadians aren't convinced that our society is inherently racist, sexist and bigoted. When it comes to our national anthem, and the latest Orwellian attack on our language, Canadians overwhelmingly disagree with the need to make these changes.
A 2012 public opinion survey found that more than three-quarters of Canadians believed our national anthem, as it was written, is a great source of national pride. A 2013 survey found that only 25% Canadians support making changes to the lyrics.
Our national anthem belongs to us, not to the ahistorical busybodies obsessed with political correctness and erasing our history. That is why many Canadians will continue to sing their national anthem with the lyrics they were raised singing.
The Trudeau Liberals can change the official lyrics, but they can't make us sing it. I certainly won't.
Scientists have for the first time fixed a protein defect that causes Huntington's disease by injecting a drug from Ionis Pharmaceuticals into the spine, offering new hope for patients with the devastating genetic disease.
LONDON: Scientists have for the first time fixed a protein defect that causes Huntington's disease by injecting a drug from Ionis Pharmaceuticals into the spine, offering new hope for patients with the devastating genetic disease.
The success in the early-stage clinical trial has prompted Roche to exercise its option to license the product, called IONIS-HTT(Rx), at a cost of US$45 million.
Lead researcher Sarah Tabrizi, professor of clinical neurology at University College London, said the ability of the drug to tackle the underlying cause of Huntington's by lowering levels of a toxic protein was "ground-breaking".
"The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether IONIS-HTT(Rx) slows disease progression," they said in a statement on Monday.
Ionis senior vice president of research Frank Bennett said the protein reductions observed in the study "substantially exceeded our expectations" and that the drug was also well tolerated.
However, experts cautioned that the results were still early and the ability of the new medicine to improve clinical outcomes for patients had yet to be demonstrated.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The question is whether this is enough to make a difference to patients and their clinical course, and for that we will have to wait for bigger trials," said Roger Barker of the University of Cambridge, who was also involved in the research.
Huntington's is a progressive neurodegenerative disease affecting mental abilities and physical control that normally hits sufferers between the ages of 30 and 50 years before continually worsening over a 10- to 25-year period.
There is currently no effective disease-modifying treatment for the condition, with existing medicines focused only on managing disease symptoms.
Ionis said Roche would now be responsible for all IONIS-HTT(Rx) development, regulatory and commercialization activities and costs.
The drug uses an approach called antisense to stop a gene producing a particular protein. The technique has already led to a drug for spinal muscular atrophy that was approved last year.
Shares in Ionis rose around 2 percent in early Nasdaq trade as did those in Wave Life Sciences, which is also working on antisense medicine.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Gareth Jones)
EXPAND What most of Coachella weekend one looked like Mathew Tucciarone
Coachella is intended to overwhelm. The art dazzles the eyes. The food wakes up the tastebuds. The vibration of the bass makes your heart race. The smell of pretty girls in expensive-looking clothing perfumes your walk across the field as you draft in their golden slipstream. It all makes the pile of the money you dropped on the weekend seem worth it.
But Coachella 2017 also overwhelmed in a manner that was less "whimsical fun" and more "pervasive anxiety." There were moments, for example, like being pushed through a crowd of DJ Khaled fans so packed that anyone attempt to escape lost control of which direction they were going and had to succumb to the sweaty mass of humanity pressed up against them. There was the moment when the Yuma Tent filled up so quickly for Solomun's Saturday night set that you found yourself forced up against the wall of a space that had been fairly empty 10 minutes earlier. Coachella should be exciting, but it should not be actually scary.
There were just too many damn people at the festival this year.
Last spring, Goldenvoice announced a 40-acre expansion of the festival site and a parallel increase in capacity, which boosted the Coachella crowd from 99,000 to 125,000. Most of this new space was devoted to increased car camping and general-admission parking areas, and indeed getting into the GA parking lots during the day did feel more efficient than ever. (Getting out at night was still a multihour, bumper-to-bumper test of patience, but when has it ever not been?) On the festival grounds themselves, the Gobi and Mojave tents and the Outdoor Stage were all pushed back from their previous positions. On the other side of the field, more acreage was added by the entrances, with a new stage, the Sonora, making its debut. This real estate boost was presumably meant to absorb the extra 26,000 attendees roaming the grounds, yet it was hard not to feel like cattle for most of the weekend.
Everywhere, there were people. Sleepy bros you had to step over to get to the bathrooms. Shiny teenage girls whom you bumped into over and over again because they were too busy Instagramming themselves into the void to watch where they were walking. There were hordes of people huddled in pools of shade. People in line for the ID check. People in line for free water refills, to the point where it was easier just to go buy another bottle of water. People in line for tacos, lemonade, ice cream, cold-pressed juice. Wide-eyed artists made brief appearances in the craft beer area, professing their shock at the conditions in GA before slamming IPAs and scurrying back to the artist compound.
EXPAND A typical scene after sunset at the Sahara Tent Shane Lopes
Coachella is a singularly in-demand ticket. The show has sold out within hours of going on sale for the past six years, despite expanding to two weekends in 2012. (“We could do five Coachellas with the amount of people that want to come to that show," Goldenvoice vice president Skip Paige told The Desert Sun last April.) Coachella 2017 sold out in three hours, despite the 52,000 more tickets available over the course of the two weekends.
One can see how Goldenvoice, the company that puts on the festival, is in a tricky position. The show is now ubiquitous. It is a worldwide mega-brand, an H&M fashion line, a youthful promise, a utopian dream swaddled in Free People rompers. People around the globe want to participate and will pay $399 for a GA wristband or $899 for VIP to do so.
There are thus insane, Scrooge McDuck–swimming-through-pools-of-gold amounts of money to be made. Coachella was, in fact, the highest-grossing music festival in the world, until another Goldenvoice event held on the polo fields, Desert Trip, eclipsed it last year. Coachella raked in $94 million in 2016, and revenues this year will surely be higher given the expanded ticket sales. This is obviously good for the local economy in Indio. Not taking cash that's essentially begging to be made would have been a questionable business decision at odds with the relentless juggernaut of capitalism.
That said, while the expanded site was huge, it just didn't feel big enough for the number of people in attendance. Crowd members from the Mojave to the main stage were overheard commenting about how there were way too many bodies on the field. (Meanwhile, the VIP area was rumored to be pretty spacious, because money = privilege 4VR.) For the GA crowd, however, one had to arrive early to any show they really wanted to see to avoid getting stuck on the fringe of yet another packed crowd. One of the appeals of a festival like Coachella is the ability to see a little bit of a lot of bands, but the opportunity to do so this year felt compromised, particularly with the increased distances between stages. One attendee reported walking a casual 22 miles over the course of the weekend.
Coachella 2017 stands to make more money than any music festival in history. That's great for Goldenvoice and parent company AEG Live — but to improve the experience of every person on the field, the Coachella overlords should reinvest some of those profits into additional acreage or other crowd-mitigation efforts.
The good news is that weekend two is always less packed.
Thousands will celebrate Independence Day at the Folds of Honor FreedomFest. The festival will also have an impact on traffic most of the day.
Turkish conglomerate Limak Holding is planning to commission three power plants with an installed capacity close to 600 megawatts (MW) by the end of 2019. The group is also in talks to acquire a hotel in France and invest in three more in Mersin and Macedonia's capital Skopje, according to Reuters. Limak Holding Chairman Nihat Özdemir and Limak Tourism Group General Coordinator Kaan Kavaloğlu discussed the group's new hotel investments in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC).
"We're investing almost $200 million in Northern Cyprus's hotel industry," Özdemir said. "With this investment, we have increased the number of hotels we operate to eight with a total bed capacity to over 7,000. Our goal is to reach 10,000 beds in five years."
Özdemir added that they will invest $300 million in two hotels in Mersin and around $250 million euros in a hotel, residence, shopping mall and commercial complex in Skopje, Macedonia.
They said that they were planning to commission two hydroelectric power plants (HEPP) with an installed capacity of close to 600 MW within the next two years, adding that a 15 MW geothermal power plant will be operational at the end of this year. They noted that about 500 MW Siirt Çetin HEPP, which the company acquired from Norwegian Statkraft, will be commissioned in 2019 and that the project is moving very fast. Özdemir said that the 74 MW Gürsöğüt HEPP and the 15 MW Buharkent geothermal power plant will be commissioned this year.
"We are in acquisition talks with a hotel group in Nice, France," Limak Tourism Group General Coordinator Kavaloğlu said. "Over time we will shift our tourism investments to the Balkans and Western Europe. In addition, we will be investing in a city hotel as part of the Istanbul New Airport project."
Chinese exhibitor Jiangsu Omnijoi expands partnership with IMAX.
IMAX has struck a deal with cinema chain Jiangsu Omnijoi to build an additional 40 IMAX theatres systems across China.
The screens will be built in new multiplexes across tier one to tier four Chinese cities, and takes the number of IMAX systems in Omnijoi sites to 72.
The company expect the majority of the sites to open by the end of 2020 with the remaining sites to open by the end of 2021.
The hybrid revenue-sharing arrangement makes Omnijoi the third-largest IMAX exhibitor partner in Asia Pacific and fifth-largest globally.
Omnijoi Cinemas opened its first IMAX theatre in Suzhou in 2011 and currently has 16 in operation and 56 slated to open, including today's agreement.
IMAX CEO Richard L. Gelfond said: “As one of the fastest-growing cinema developers in China, Omnijoi Cinemas is determined to deliver moviegoers premier entertainment experiences and we are delighted to expand our partnership at such a significant level.
“Today's agreement not only brings our year-to-date signings in China to 72 theatres, but adds to our growing number of joint revenue-sharing arrangements in China, which allows us to share in recurring box office revenue. We believe our accelerated network expansion, coupled with the strong 2017 film slate ahead, will support our continued growth in our largest market thanks to relationships with valued partners such as Omnijoi Cinemas.”
Read more:
IMAX signs the biggest ever European deal
In 1999 Carlos Santana released the biggest selling album of their career – “Supernatural.” The final song on the album, “The Calling,” features a visit from a classic rock guitar legend – whom?
Eric Clapton
What else happened on this day in rock n' roll history? Here's the Rock N' Roll Diary for June 15th, from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX!
1965: “Like a Rolling Stone” was recorded in New York City by Bod Dylan, with Mike Bloomfield on guitar and Al Kooper on organ.
“Like a Rolling Stone” was recorded in New York City by Bod Dylan, with Mike Bloomfield on guitar and Al Kooper on organ. 1967: Peter Green quit John Mayall's Bluesbreaker's to pursue other musical avenues. They soon started another band, enlisting Mick Fleetwood and John McVie, and named the band Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac.
Peter Green quit John Mayall's Bluesbreaker's to pursue other musical avenues. They soon started another band, enlisting Mick Fleetwood and John McVie, and named the band Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac. 1987: The photo shoot for the cover of Pink Floyd's “Momentary Lapse of Reason” took place in Saunton Sands, England. The extensive project included 800 rented beds, which 30 hired hands moved onto the beach for the image.
The photo shoot for the cover of Pink Floyd's “Momentary Lapse of Reason” took place in Saunton Sands, England. The extensive project included 800 rented beds, which 30 hired hands moved onto the beach for the image. 1992: Bruce Springsteen began their first tour in four years with a shown in Stockholm, Sweden. It marked the first time they had toured without the E-Street Band.
Bruce Springsteen began their first tour in four years with a shown in Stockholm, Sweden. It marked the first time they had toured without the E-Street Band. 1999: Carlos Santana released their mega-million selling Supernatural album.
Checking the WZLX ticket stash…
WASHINGTON: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's prepared remarks for a House of Representatives committee are identical to their written testimony submitted a day earlier to a separate panel, a House committee aide said on Wednesday.
Yellen on Tuesday told a Senate committee the Fed was on track to raise interest rates at an upcoming policy meeting.  They are due to appear before the House Financial Services Committee on Wednesday at 10 a.m. EST (1500 GMT).
(Reporting by Jason Lange Editing by W Simon)
Blockchain landed on Gartner's Top 10 Strategic Technology Trends list in 2016. Around the same time, analysts at PWC called it a “tech breakthrough megatrend” for CIOs. More than a year later, where do CIOs stand on blockchain?
A few recent statistics show that actual CIO and leader perceptions of blockchain might be at odds with analyst predictions. A group of healthcare CIOs picked blockchain as the most over-hyped technology trend of the moment.
In the transportation sector, over half of respondents to a recent survey said that blockchain was interesting, but they didn't know what to do with it, according to Gartner.
[ See a related article: What is a blockchain smart contract? ]
Perhaps these execs are skeptical due to not only online buzz but also the recent flurry of attempts to capitalize on blockchain by changing company names. Case in point: A 200 percent instant rise in stock price when the brand Long Island Iced Tea changed its name to “Long Blockchain Corp.” They were just one of several companies that sought to capitalize on the “crypto craze.” The SEC has since said it will be scrutinizing such moves.
Still, with investment flooding into the cryptocurrency market, the noise around blockchain isn't likely to die down anytime soon. For CIOs looking to cut through the hype, we've rounded up some recent numbers and stats that highlight the rapid rise of blockchain to date – and where it might be headed in the near future.
$600 billion: The size of the entire cryptocurrency market by the end of 2017, according to CoinMarketCap. Consider the pace of growth over the last 12 months: It started the year at just $16 billion.
$2.1 billion: Global spending on blockchain solutions in 2018, according to IDC. Stacey Soohoo, research manager, customer insights and analysis at IDC, says, “The year 2018 will be a crucial stage for enterprises as they make a huge leap from proof-of-concept projects to full blockchain deployments. As a leader in blockchain innovation and integration, the US will continue to invest in blockchain throughout the forecast, spending heavily in financial services, manufacturing, and other industries.”
[ How can you get started with blockchain? See our related story, Blockchain: 4 ways to experiment. ]
42.8 percent: The expansion of the blockchain space every year to 2022, according to a Netscribes prediction. Looking beyond this year, the market research group believes the “key factors behind this ascension will be blockchain adoption in financial transactions and cross-border payments.”
3x: The number of blockchain-related LinkedIn job postings more than tripled over the last year. Organizations badly in need of blockchain developers are setting up training centers, outsourcing, or even nabbing talent before they've graduated from college.
13 percent: Senior IT leaders who have clear and current plans to implement blockchain, according to IDG Connect research. Based on this statistic, plenty of CIOs are taking their time with blockchain.
However, especially if you are a CIO in financial services or manufacturing, 2018 may be the year that blockchain moves from pilot projects to production in your organization, as Paul Brody, principal and global innovation leader, blockchain technology at EY, recently shared with us. (See 5 blockchain trends to watch for in 2018. )
Want more wisdom like this, IT leaders? Sign up for our weekly email newsletter.
Tulsa police are looking for a man who they say robbed a convenience store with a sawed-off shotgun.
Police say the man walked into the store near 12th and Houston around 2:30 and demanded cash.
The clerk gave the man cash from the register, reports say.
TPD says they tried to track the suspect with a K9 unit but lost their scent after a few blocks.
Police believe they got into a getaway vehicle.
TOKYO: Shares in Toshiba Corp skidded on Wednesday after the conglomerate said it would book a US$6.3 billion hit to its U.S. nuclear unit and may sell a majority stake in its prized flash-memory chip unit as it scrambles for cash to stay in business.
Facing a March 27 deadline to avoid a delisting, Chief Executive Satoshi Tsunakawa said they would consider selling most, even all, of the chips business - a turnaround from the conglomerate's previous stance that it would sell only about 20 percent.
The change of direction has prompted investors to question whether the company would have a long-term future without control of the unit and could well shake up the bevy of suitors interested in a piece of the world's biggest NAND chip producer after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
"Usually in a corporate turnaround plan, the company would keep its most competitive business after selling non-performing businesses," said Masayuki Kubota, chief strategist at Rakuten Securities.
"This turnaround plan gives no hope for Toshiba's future," they said.
Taiwan's Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, is among the companies and funds that were bidding for the smaller stake, a source with direct knowledge of the offer said, declining to be identified because they are not authorised to talk to the media.
Foxconn officials were not immediately available to comment.
Other bidders include SK Hynix Inc, Micron Technology Inc and private equity firm Bain Capital, sources have said previously.
Foxconn, which last year bought a controlling stake in Japanese panel maker Sharp Corp, may find it easier than other corporate bidders to buy a large stake as it is not a major memory chipmaker and could avoid any lengthy anti-trust review.
Toshiba's new openness towards selling more of its chips business comes as the beleaguered conglomerate failed to deliver fully audited third-quarter earnings as scheduled on Tuesday, instead saying it needed more time to look at potential problems at its Westinghouse division. The expected US$6 billion writedown will also wipe out shareholders' equity.
It has been granted an extension until March 14 to submit audited figures but would face a delisting if it still failed to file within eight business days after that.
Toshiba executives are meeting representatives from their banks on Wednesday to seek their understanding and support.
As of end of September, Toshiba's loans from banks and insurers stood at about 800 billion yen (US$7 billion), a financial source has told Reuters. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp and Mizuho Bank are its biggest creditors.
While the two lenders and state-backed Development Bank of Japan Inc have so far expressed support for Toshiba, other creditors will need more convincing before they back Toshiba further, sources familiar with the matter have said.
"Toshiba needs to come up with a convincing turnaround plan but it's not an easy task," said an executive at one of the creditor banks. "And we need to make sure there are no more negative surprises," they said.
Potential investors in Toshiba may also need to heed Japanese government concern about the future of a company its sees as strategically important.
"Toshiba's flash memory business is an significant part of Japan's economic growth strategy and its domestic nuclear business is important for reactor decommissioning and the clean up of contaminated water," Japan's chief government spokesperson, Yoshihide Suga, said at a regular briefing on Wednesday.
Toshiba shares slid to be down 8 percent in afternoon trade. The company's market value has shrunk to 895 billion yen (US$7.8 billion), less than half its value in mid-December. Just under a decade ago, the firm was worth almost 5 trillion yen.
(US$1 = 114.3300 yen)
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka and Makiko Yamazaki; Additional reporting by Ayai Tomisawa and Kaori Kaneko in Tokyo, JR Wu in Taipei and Hyunjoo Jin in Seoul; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
India's independence from British colonial rule coincided with the partition of the subcontinent into two separate countries, setting off unprecedented communal carnage on both sides of the hastily created border.
AMRITSAR, India: India's independence from British colonial rule coincided with the partition of the subcontinent into two separate countries, setting off unprecedented communal carnage on both sides of the hastily created border.
A mass migration followed, marred by violence and bloodshed, as about 15 million Muslims, Hindus and Sikhs, fearing discrimination, swapped countries in an upheaval that cost more than a million lives.
During the chaotic transition, train cars full of bodies arrived at railway stations in the twin cities of Lahore and Amritsar in the province of Punjab, which was split roughly down the middle at partition on Aug. 14, 1947.
As India prepares to mark 70 years of independence on Aug. 15, families who witnessed the death and destruction during partition recalled the tales of horror.
Brothers Santa and Niranjan Singh were lucky to survive the crossing from their village of Bhasin on the Pakistani side of the new border to their current home in Sarangra in India.
Santa, then aged 15 or 16, says everyone was baying for blood. People were running around with knives, swords and guns.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Up to a dozen people from their village were killed in the madness, Santa recalls, saying they carried an injured brother across the border after they were shot through the head.
"The bullet went in from one side and went out from the other side of their head," said Santa, reminiscing at a gathering of their extended family. "We carried them all the way and they died after reaching this side."
Their younger brother, Niranjan, was barely 5 years old but still remembers the sight of houses being burnt and people being massacred, and hearing stories of women and girls being raped.
Now the brothers live with their children and grandchildren, tending their lush green farmland located just three kilometres from the troubled border.
The separation based on borderlines created by the British at the end of their colonial rule came into effect at the stroke of midnight on the eve of Aug. 14, 1947.
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since 1947, and relations remain tense, particularly when it comes to the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, which both claim in full but rule in parts.
Even as the rawness of the carnage that marked partition fades into history, the nuclear-armed neighbours re-enact their hostilities in ritual form in a colourful flag ceremony staged as the sun is setting over the Wagah border post that lies midway between Amritsar and Lahore.
Thousands of supporters from each country come to witness a parade of patriotism from their border guards who, in a mock confrontation, goose-step up to each other, stomp their feet and shout their lungs out during their daily retreat.
"Amazing, amazing feeling about my country, about my army," said Phalguni Zaveri, who came from Mumbai with their husband Rahul to witness the parade.
"I am so happy and obliged for making us feel safe."
(Editing by Douglas Busvine)
Facilities and Campus Safety Offices Work to Keep Campus Lit Up and Safe
California Lutheran University has hundreds of outdoor lighting fixtures around campus, such as those in parking lots, walkways, buildings and on sports fields. In terms of maintenance, Facility Operations relies on the help of the campus community to report any lighting issues.
“Lighting check is done once a month by our swing/graveyard shift when all the lights out are placed in one work order and sent to facilities. It is to assist facilities department as they do not normally schedule anyone to work after 5 p.m.. Individual work orders can be placed at any time if it has been brought to our attention,” said Robert Sadeh, a Campus Safety supervisor.
Director of Facilities Management Mark Jacobsen also encourages students to submit work orders if they notice light outages. Students can send in work orders via email or phone and residents can send in requests through MyCLU.
“We try to get on [repairing] it right away, but we've got one electrician for all campus. So sometimes depending on what jobs they already have and the priority of the job, that may wind up getting pushed back maybe a week,” Jacobsen said.
With just one electrician, Jacobsen said it's a lot of work for one person who is responsible for all other electrical issues as well.
Due to complaints about poor lighting, last spring an electrical contractor with a crew of four spent a week at Cal Lutheran repairing outdoor lighting fixtures.
“That was thousands of dollars worth of effort just to get everything operating again and it's a periodic thing that needs to happen. Lights burn out,” Jacobsen said.
Jacobsen said bringing in outside contractors worked well, and that the thought was to continue contracting these services in order to allow Cal Lutheran's electrician to focus on other tasks.
Lights that are out for an extended period of time usually require more than just replacing the bulb. Jacobsen said repairs can be a pain due to their location, especially in areas that are non-accessible for ladders or boom lifts. Facilities then must request that campus safety cone off an area so the electrician can get up to the fixture.
“Once a year, with a group of people, we walk around campus and look at areas that we need to focus on adding new lights to, but in the process of doing that, we usually generate a list of typically about 30 lights that we find on campus that we need to fix,” Jacobsen said.
The group includes individuals from Residence Life and Student Conduct, Facilities, Campus Safety, the adult professionals program, Student Life, an electrician and any students who decide to tag along due to interest or concerns.
Jacobsen said Buth Park, across from Mt. Clef field, is typically an area that many claims is too dark. Lights are in the back of the park and there's a street light on one corner. They said it is not a safety hazard because the sidewalk is well-lit.
“Last year's walk identified areas where tree branches needed to be trimmed to allow more light to reach the sidewalks and parking lots,” said Director of Campus Safety David Hilke in an email interview.
High traffic areas at Cal Lutheran take priority when it comes to fixing lighting, such as on the Spine, Regals Way, around classrooms and other locations most frequented at night by pedestrians.
Parking lots are also important, especially remote areas like the lot behind Trinity Hall.
“Without lighting out there, it's super dark and kind of creepy. There's a lot of people that park there and don't have a buddy to walk with from their car to their dorm. That's a pretty big deal,” Jacobsen said.
Hilke thinks the campus has sufficient lighting, but still advises students to be aware of their surroundings and to trust their instincts on and off campus. At least two officers are scheduled per night shift and, in recent years, they said no students have reported being harmed while walking around campus at night.
“For the safety of faculty, staff, students and visitors, it is important that outdoor lighting issues are addressed in a timely manner,” Hilke said.
Bridget Sjolie
Reporter
Investigators are trying to figure out what caused a deadly house explosion that left one dead.
The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) says it is looking out for underage tanker and truck drivers to prevent accidents on the expressway.
Hyginus Omeje, the FRSC Sector Commander in Lagos State, made this known on Wednesday at the 3rd Quarter overview of 2018 Corporate Strategic Goals and Projection at Sector Command, Ojodu Berger.
According to him, the legal limit for driving in the country is 18 years and above, but that somebody is looking small does not make them below 18 years.
“We are always watching out for underage tanker and truck drivers to prevent crashes on the road, especially on the expressway,” they said.
The FRSC official said that there were downward trends in the crashes involving tankers and articulated vehicles since 2016.
They said that the corps had intensified its patrol to prevent crashes in all the six geopolitical zones in the country.
“It was so serious, particularly in 2016 when we were recording tankers and trucks crashes almost regularly, until the Corps Marshal, Dr Boboye Oyeyemi, flagged off the training and retraining programmes for tanker drivers.
“Since then, the corps has been sensitising them through various programmes to ensure that minimum standards are maintained on the roads,'' they said.
The sector commander also advised tanker drivers to desist from giving their vehicles to motor boys to drive.
They said that such action could lead to crashes on the roads as some of them have no skills and experiences to drive such vehicles.
Mr Omeje urged truck and tanker drivers to follow rules and regulations of driving articulated vehicles by fixing their speed limit devices.
They also charged them to avoid alcohol intake and shun reckless driving for safety on the road.
Also, Bisi Kazeem, the FRSC Head of Public Education, said that the corps was taking precautionary action following the June 28 tanker explosion at the Otedola Link Bridge on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway.
Mr Kazeem said: “We are charging them to start engaging their members in rigorous traffic training so as to meet minimum safety standards concerning their vehicles.
“It is very important to train and retrain them to enable them to follow the rules and regulations at the same time to meet the road standard concerning their vehicle.”
In their remarks, the National Chairman, NUPENG/PTD, Mr Salmon Oladiti, on behalf of their members, commiserated with the families of those who lost their lives in the fire incident.
Mr Oladiti described the incident as “an unfortunate occurrence'', saying that members of the NUPENG/PTD have been avoiding such calamities.
According to him, the union has been collaborating with the FRSC and other law enforcement agencies in observing minimum safety standards on the highways.
“All efforts will be put in place to ensure that this kind of disaster does not recur on our roads,” they said.
SCIO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A black bear was spotted near an Allegany school Friday morning.
Scio Central Schools went into lockout mode as a precaution around 9:45 a.m. Friday after the bear was spotted walking on the roadway in front of the school.
This video was taken by a student.
Principal Dawn Race said that no students or staff were in danger.
The DEC was also notified.
BEST GODSPEED
Now we know what the Canucks look like without Bo Horvat.
Slow. Soft. Overwhelmed.
To be honest, that's probably still how they play this game even with Horvat, Sutter, and Baertschi too.
Reality is, the Canucks aren't re-tooling at all. That would suggest some kind of improvement in year three of this plan. There hasn't been one.
This is a rebuild. It may not be the rebuild you want, but this is it.
As of the second half of this season, the Canucks can barely compete with the league's best when they're healthy. When they're not? Godspeed.
In Pitts, they got rolled.
There was a time when the Sedins could carry teammates on a trip like this, a chunk of their career where they would stun Eastern Conference opponents, have long demeaning shifts in the offensive zone and score one or two highlight-worthy goals per game.
Now, they are on the other side. The Pens wheeled the puck around the twins for a shift that lasted nearly 2:30.
It's as helpless, spent, unqualified to be in the same ring the Sedins have looked this year, and maybe in a long long time.
It's the kind of shift that gets people wondering if they're injured. They have to be hurt, right?
The way Daniel was pushed off the puck along the boards on the power play later in the game inspired the same thoughts.
Maybe one is.
Then again, the Sedins have been losing their matchups consistently for a few months.
Is this just how it's going to be from now on?
And if it is, what are the Cancuks competing for anyway?
BEST REASON FOR HOPE
If Hansen really is on their way, give the people what they crave, Willie.
BEST CONSPIRACY THEORY
@botchford Could it be the Canucks won't trade Hansen to allow Las Vegas to take them and thus none of their precious defensemen? — Yannick Balk (@yannickbalk) February 13, 2017
I do like me a good conspiracy theory.
Consider, since late November, only Alex Edler has been playing more than Sbisa on this blueline. In fact, Sbisa has been averaging significantly more EV ice time that even the Tan Man, a point that's been made here before. (Honestly I think that's because they tend to get stuck out on longer on their shifts).
Still, that's over a 35 game stretch, nearly half the season, and he's definitely in the Canucks top four, and probably holding down the 2/3 spot.
Around the league, opinions vary when people are asked to estimate what Sbisa means to the Canucks.
Some believe they were trying to trade them last year, and wanted to do it this year. Others are convinced he's passed Gudbranson on the depth chart and Guddy is the player the Canucks would like to move, the odd man out with the incoming BFG and Stecher.
Think for a moment about the Canucks public proclamations. They have claimed to be deep on D, and it's not only a luxury, it's a luxury they can afford to move an asset from to help to score.
Would they be saying this if they confidently thought they'd lose Sbisa in the expansion draft?
Or are they willing to lose Hansen to keep Sbisa?
hmmm.
Losing Sbisa and then trading one of the other blueliners, say Gudbranson, does not sound like the logic path a front office that wants to build from the goal and D out would be on.
Interesting indeed.
BEST DECLARATION
Much has been made of Sbisa's improved season.
I'm not sure he's significantly better as the Canucks tend to push out there. I am sure they don't make the glaring mistakes they made in this one, albeit against Malkin.
The Sbisa love-in is officially over. Pretty weak box-out attempt on Malkin. — Jason Brough (@JasonPHT) February 15, 2017
There was that weak work in front of the net, from one of the Canucks the biggest players, one who has to be better in situations like that.
That's just not good enough.
What happened later, however, was just ridiculous.
Instead of skating in in attempt to sweep the puck from Geno, just blast him.
Why do I feel when Sbisa plays more, they hit less?
I thought sbisa was supposed to be good at taking the body, what a fly by that was… — Bobak (@bobakm) February 15, 2017
BIGGEST ISSUE
The Canucks need a defenceman who can produce offence. Their D has 13 goals on the season. Brent Burns has 24, a point made here.
Ya, only two team defences in the NHL have scored fewer goals than the Canucks blueline.
This, is. not. good.
BEST PLAYER
If not for Miller, the Pens could have had no problem throwing a half-dozen on the board, and Crosby right now would be well on their way to 2,000 points.
If I'm a playoff team looking for experience in the net, I would be all about a game like this one, even though they end up giving 4 on 40 plus shots.
BEST MORAL VICTORY
Think this is the 14th tho..
BEST SKATER
Surprise, Jannik Hansen can play with anyone.
Spending time with Burrows, Gaunce and Chaput, Hansen was the Canucks most dangerous forward and actually created some odd man rushes.
They did try to get too cute.
Hansen has a really good sh0t and a couple of times they were pulling up to try and create a pretty play.
BEST LOL
The Seawall at 6 am has more obstacles than the slot on this play.
BEST OF SKILLE
To no one's surprise, the player in the best opportunity to make this game for the Canucks was Skille.
From PTO to game changer in Pitts?
Ya, it didn't turn out that way.
It's not like you can criticize the guy for not scoring, but it's rare you see two scoring chances like this and on one, they hit the goalie's crest and the other, they drive the puck right into the glove.
This ain't easy.
BEST MEMBA WHEN
Actually, I don't remember this. I do remember people saying speed wouldn't be an issue for the Sedins as they get older.
It is.
BEST GLASS FULL/HALF EMPTY
@botchford glass half full: he's scoring better at a young age than either Sedin.
Glass half empty: So was Raymond. pic.twitter.com/KslwWWYCOR — Derek Gray (@Graysheep21) February 11, 2017
BEST SURVIVALIST
@botchford Willie's going to outlast them all ain't he?! — John A. Gewargis (@braveman91) February 14, 2017
BEST HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF
With market drags such as the expansion draft and a stagnant salary cap, this trade deadline is not promising to be one of the gold rushes.
That's the bad news.
The good news, the Canucks bar is so low, a couple draft picks for a couple players will be banner worthy.
Also this, there will be trades. For sure. Will the Canucks be in on them is one of the great questions of our times.
It was incredibly difficult for the Canucks to unload two veterans last year, and most in hockey believe they waited too long to start the process. (waited till about a week left)
Is it happening again?
According to some of the NTC players, discussions still haven't happened about their willingness to move. The deadline is in two weeks.
If not now, then when?
A Burrows trade is likely easiest, but they do have a substantial cap hit and the Canucks may have to keep some of that back.
Hansen is the most desirable, and Miller could be most difficult but they do seem to be the one the Canucks are most eager to deal.
How low are expectations, if the Canucks pull off something like this, there will be banners:
Of course, some have even more realistic thoughts.
BEST CALL BACK
With the complicated and mysterious Anton Rodin case nearly closed, the next Canucks cliffhanger involves 20-year-old Jake Virtanen.
After a promising few months, at the very least, in the NHL in their rookie season last year, Vancouver's high ceiling, high first round draft pick was sent to Utica, apparently, to learn to workout right, eat right, and play right.
It almost read like shock therapy the way Benning was explaining it here, in this Willes piece:
“This is a wake-up call. He's learning how to be a pro and that's in the weight room, their nutrition and their workouts. With them it's about their habits, their day-to-day habits.”
That seems to be pretty thorough list of off-the-ice issues.
Of course, in the same story, Benning said this:
“There are no issues with them off the ice.”
Wait, what?
What really got me in this story was the Canucks suggestion it was surprising when Virtanen showed up at camp weighing nearly 230 pounds.
It stood out mostly because they spent they summer working out at Rogers Arena and management spent the summer exclaiming what a good job they were doing, including this from Linden in July:
“He's working hard, they train at Rogers Arena.”
and
“I was out there (Vancouver) for a week and saw them training and they looked good to me.”
All of this is important, because the Canucks have presented Virtanen's weight as a key contributing factor to what has been a disappointing season, even for the most patient hockey fans and evaluators.
And down season it has been. Most have accepted the take by now that “Virtanen should have been in the WHL last season.”
Ignoring the fact they were actually impactful in a positive way defensively with the Canucks and put up 13 points in 55 games which is a scoring rate higher than anyone on their fourth line or Megna.
In fact, Virtanen's 1.15 point-per-hour rate at even strength last season is higher than several prominent Canucks this season, including Granlund (1.14), Sutter (1.12) and Eriksson (0.99).
But Virtanen was sent to Utica to learn these right things but he's progress has seemingly been at a standstill for some time.
In their past 24 games, Virtanen has three points, and that's including some time in the top six and on Utica's No. 1 power play unit.
From the player I saw last season in Vancouver, this strikes me as bananas.
That Utica team is not good, and it is a factor, but Gaunce was there for a weekend and put up more points (4) than JV18 had in two months.
It's mid-February, Virtanen has 9 points on the season, meaning he'll need one hell of a finish just to get to 20.
How did we get here?
To hear Benning tell it, it started when Virtane showed up to training camp 13-15 pounds heavy.
This is what they said last week:
“In their own mind they wanted to play at that size, but the game is so fast now,” said Benning. “He has to be quick. They could only go for a 30-, 35-second shift. Now he's down to 216 (pounds) and goes a minute hard.”
Again, what stuck out to me, is I wrote about this. Exactly. At training camp in …. 2015.
Just when Virtanen is making an impact again with the Canucks remains probably this franchise's biggest unknown.
And it still remains unclear how Virtanen and the Canucks found themselves in the same situation with the same verbiage two offseasons in a row.
It also raises a significant question about what the Canucks would really do if they traded Burrows and Hansen.
Who would play?
Because I tend to agree with this lol.
Former England soccer star Alan Shearer is preparing to give evidence at a High Court trial after claiming was given "negligent" financial advice and launching a £9 million damages claim.
Shearer, 46, has sued financial adviser Kevin Neal and pension specialist Suffolk Life.
A judge began overseeing a hearing in London on Wednesday.
Mr Justice Leggatt is due to hear evidence from Shearer, now a Match of the Day pundit, on Thursday.
Shearer says Mr Neal was "careless" and "dishonest" and they say Suffolk Life breached fiduciary and regulatory duties.
But Mr Neal and Suffolk Life, which is based in Ipswich, Suffolk, dispute their allegations.
Mr Neal told Mr Justice Leggatt that Shearer's claims were "just driven by pure greed and ego".
Suffolk Life lawyers said Shearer faced "very serious obstacles".
Barrister Gerard McMeel, who is leading Shearer's legal team, told Mr Justice Leggatt that claims related to pension investments.
Lawyers say the trial will run into next week.
Shearer, who comes from Newcastle upon Tyne, stopped playing in the top flight more than a decade ago after a soccer career spanning 18 years.
They made more than 600 appearances in top level club football and won more than 60 England caps.
A four-member delegation of Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) led by Ameer JI Karachi Hafiz Naeem ur Rehman called on Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair at the Governor's House here on Monday.
The delegation discussed with the Sindh Governor about the political situation in the province and matters related to the promotion of education and development projects, said a statement.
Speaking to the delegation, the Sindh Governor said that the projects of development which are initiated with the consultation of the stakeholders are appeared to be significant.
The federal government is extending all-out assistance on priority basis for progress and development in Sindh, they added.
Muhammad Zubair said that process of the dialogue can help resolve all problems and interest and welfare of the people is the most important and the government is paying special attention to it.
Speaking to the Governor, Hafiz Naeem said that their party (JI), intend to see establishment of the ever-lasting peace in the city. —APP
Related
Zone 4 High School Sports Report The Redhawks finished second at the Provincial "A" Varsity Girls High School Volleyball Championship in Brandon. Redhawks coach Jerry Waldner will join Clayton Dreger on the Zone 4 High School Sports…
Flyers Blanked By Visiting Blues The Winkler Flyers deserved a better fate in a 1-0 loss to the visiting Winnipeg Blues on Tuesday night. The Flyers generated chances but no goals, losing for the fourth straight time on home ice.…
This Week in Curling It was gold for Manitoba at the Travelers Curling Club Championship in Kingston last month. 2017 champion Stacey Fordyce will join Clayton Dreger on This Week in Curling which airs Tuesdays at 11:35…
The Hawks Report Pembina Valley defeated both the Southwest Cougars and Interlake Lightning this past weekend. Head coach Rylan Price will join Clayton Dreger on the Hawks report which airs Mondays at 11:35 a.m. &…
Winkler Stumbles At Home Weiland Parrish scored the lone goal for the Flyers in a 4-1 loss to the visiting Dauphin Kings on Saturday night. The short-handed Flyers generated significant chances but lacked execution while…
Provincial High School Varsity Volleyball Championships - Day 3 Provincial High School Varsity Volleyball ChampionshipsSaturday, December 2nd AAA @ BrandonGirls Final Neelin over Westgate 25-22, 25-21 Third Place Game Virden over Landmark 25-21, 25-21Semifinals…
Winning Streak at Home Continues The Winnipeg Jets have won five straight games at Bell MTS Place. Kyle Connor scored twice and Patrik Laine and Mark Scheifele each had a goal and two assists as Winnipeg beat the Vegas Golden…
Flyers Remain In First Place After Win In Selkirk The Winkler Flyers won their first game of December, 2-1 over the Steelers in Selkirk. This was also the Flyers fourth straight victory. Having the week off to rest and prepare after three wins in…
The SEMHL Report The Beavers host the Morden Redskins on Saturday night. Carman coach Brett Dow will join Clayton Dreger on the SEMHL report which airs Fridays at 11:35 a.m. & 5:20 p.m. on CFAM Radio 950.
Fall Meeting Brings Change To Border West The Border West Baseball League is no longer. Welcome the Border Baseball League. "It was a long time ago when they went to the name Border West and there was a bit of drama involved," said league…
Becoming The 'Maine' Man: The Evolution Of Matthew Thiessen They may be only 17 years old, but goalie Matthew Thiessen is both wise and skilled beyond their years. Having recently announced their commitment to the University of Maine, Thiessen took some time to…
The Flyers Report Winkler picked up road wins over the Neepawa Natives, Dauphin Kings and Swan Valley Stampeders last weekend. Head coach Ken Pearson will join Clayton Dreger on the Flyers Report which airs Thursdays…
The Zone 4 High School Sports Report Six Provincial High School Varsity Volleyball Championships begin Thursday. Miller Aces boys coach Michael Luptak will join Clayton Dreger on the Zone 4 High School Sports Report which airs…
Goalie Of The Month Congratulations to Halle Oswald of the Pembina Valley Hawks for being selected as this months goalie of the month. Oswald, a third year vet for the hawks, continues to be a huge asset between the…
WASHINGTON: Former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue is U.S. Republican President-elect Donald Trump's leading candidate to run the U.S. Department of Agriculture, a senior Trump transition team official said on Monday.
Perdue, a Democrat-turned-Republican who founded a grain and fertilizer business, served on Trump's agricultural advisory committee during their presidential campaign.
The official gave no other details about Trump's choice for agriculture secretary, one of the few remaining posts Trump has to fill as they assume the White House on Jan. 20.
The appointment must be approved by the Republican-led U.S. Senate.
Perdue, 70, led the southern U.S. state for two terms as governor from 2003 to 2011 after previously representing a rural swath of central Georgia about 100 miles south of Atlanta in the state Senate.
Elected in 2002, they became the state's first Republican since 1871, according to the National Governors Association.
After finishing their second term as governor, Perdue founded Perdue Partners, a global trading firm that consults and provides services for companies looking to export products.
Trump had been meeting with a number of other possible candidates for U.S. agriculture secretary, including Elsa Murano, undersecretary of agriculture for food safety under President George W. Bush, and Chuck Conner, head of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives.
They have also met with Abel Maldonado, former lieutenant governor of California and co-owner of Runway Vineyards; Tim Huelskamp, Republican U.S. representative from Kansas; and Sid Miller, Texas agriculture commissioner.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Additional reporting by Mark Weinraub in Chicago and Susan Heavey; Editing by James Dalgleish and Andrea Ricci)
Paris Saint-Germain pay nine of the top 10 player wages in Ligue 1, according to a study by France Football.
PSG star Neymar is no surprise at the top of the list, earning a gross annual salary of €48.9m a year, with their total cost to the club coming to €64m a year when employer's contributions are taken into account.
Monaco captain Radamel Falcao, who is fifth with an annual salary of €13.8m, is the only player from another club among the best-paid footballers in France.
At a cost of €64m a year to PSG, Neymar alone accounts for nearly the equivalent of the annual budget of Ligue 1 rivals Bordeaux and more than 13 of the league's clubs, when France Football's figures are compared to L'Equipe's budget listing from August.
Six-time title winners Bordeaux has a budget of €65m, ranking them seventh in Ligue 1 this season. Only Lyon, Monaco, Marseille, Lille and Saint-Etienne have an operating budget higher than what PSG pays out to Neymar.
Neymar's salary far outstretches that of teammate Edinson Cavani, France's second-highest earner on €18.4m a year. Kylian Mbappe is third on €17.5m a year after earning only €1m when they broke through for Monaco last season.
PSG captain Thiago Silva is fourth on €15.2m and is one of 13 players in the top 20 from the capital club, including Hatem Ben Arfa, who earns €6m but has not played a minute of first-team football in more than a year.
Monaco have three other players in the top 20: Joao Moutinho (14th, €6.4m), Keita Balde (15th, €6.2m) and Kamil Glik (20th, €5.2m).
Dimitri Payet (13th, €6.8m) and Luiz Gustavo (17th, €5.8m) are the only Marseille players to make the list.
Memphis Depay, formerly of Manchester United, is the only Lyon player to make the top 20 with €5.5m annually, and Nice's Mario Balotelli is also included as the ex-Manchester City and Liverpool forward earns €5.6m a year.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A burlesque dancer is embracing a new chapter in their life and still performing their act while being 37 weeks pregnant.
Tuesday Laveau, 37, is expecting their first child with husband Graeme, 36, and carried on entertaining well into their term.
Tuesday did the last show before their due date at the Smoke and Mirrors in Bristol, where they host a regular night, Coochie Crunch.
They stripped off to The Ronettes' hit Be My Baby, and revealed a giant painted flower painted on their bump and matching nipple tassels.
Tuesday, who is due on May 11, said: “Pregnancy is a normal part of being a mammal.
“As women we are just told there are things we should do or not to do, and I feel like burlesque is sticking a finger to that.
“I think we are shaking off the shackles of body image.”
They said they could feel the baby kicking after the performance, and added: “I've been very lucky, I found pregnancy very easy breezy. I've been able to keep going.
“I love what I do and it is such a big part of me that it is something I would struggle to give up before I had to.”
Tuesday had to make their own costumes as their baby grew bigger, and says they had never watched a burlesque performance with a pregnant dancer before.
They said: “At the moment I can't really fit into anything.
“I did well for the first five or six months but I had to make some new costumes for the rest of the time. I make the costumes myself, including my own g-strings.
“I usually wear stripper heels as they're a dream to dance in but I've gone down from seven inches to six inches.”
Due to their restricted mobility, Tuesday had to use their imagination to adapt their routine - including cradling their bump as they danced on stage.
Tuesday added: “I had to adapt the show quite a lot. I'd normally do a lot of floor work and wear big shoes and bang around.
“I can get down on the floor but I can't get back up.”
The audience for their final performance was overwhelmingly female, and Tuesday said they had been overwhelmed by the support they had been shown.
“I don't think anyone was surprised that I carried on performing, but I have been touched,” Tuesday said.
“I've had regular audience members telling me how pleased they are for me and my husband. I think they would have been surprised if I had stopped.”
Them next performance will be in September.
Tuesday said: “It has been really fun and it has been a good challenge. I've had an amazing response.
“I've had so many women coming up to me afterwards. I have had so many women come up afterwards, they seem to feel all kinds of things.”
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
A weekly compilation of the largest winning bids in the Pacific Northwest and California, according to the Daily Journal of Commerce Project Center. 1. Winner (intent to award): Knife River Corp. Northwest of Portland Amount: $4,789,439 Project: U.S. 97 and U.S. 26 junction – Northwest 10th Street section, various counties Owner: Oregon Department of Transportation Cost estimate: $5,000,000 - $10,000,000 Project team: ...
Dear Amy: I was snooping in my son's basement and discovered they are growing weed. Should I confront him? They could lose their job, house, reputation and shared custody of their daughter.
I am a nervous wreck thinking about how to approach him. My husband would have a stroke if they found out. I know I should do something, but what?
-- Sad Mom
Dear Sad: Here's what you should do: Stop snooping in your son's basement.
Unless they have a sophisticated commercial marijuana ranch down there, you should assume this is for their own use, and leave it alone.
If you absolutely cannot stand it and must confront them about this, you will have to tell them the truth about your own behavior. One natural consequence of your admission would be for them to stop trusting you.
If you are ready to make this sacrifice, you should only urge them not to expose their child to their marijuana growing and weed use. Obviously, if you found this in the basement, so could she, and this would put their daughter in an even worse position than you are in, because involving them in this sort of secret could be ruinous for their relationship, and disastrous down the line.
State laws regarding marijuana cultivation seem to be quite convoluted. If they don't have a license to grow and is caught (by someone other than you) the consequences could be extreme in proportion to their crime.
Dear Amy: My daughter, 9, is in Girl Scouts. They love it. I offer a lot of my time helping out the troop. Today, they went to an ice show in which the troop paid for the tickets, so this was not an out-of-pocket expense for us.
The parents were asked to either provide a snack for their daughters, or send money for the girls to buy a snack. We opted to send a snack instead of sending money, as we struggle financially.
Once they got there, they realized that you can't bring snacks in to the facility (understandable), so one of the troop leaders purchased popcorn buckets for each girl.
All the other girls brought money and were able to purchase their own drinks to go with the popcorn.
My daughter did not have any money with her, so their troop leader bought them a drink with a souvenir cup. My daughter thinks it cost around $15. I emailed the troop leaders and asked how much the souvenir/drink was and offered to reimburse them for it.
I felt like this was the right thing to do. However, my husband disagrees. They feel as though I shouldn't have offered, since we basically followed their initial instructions.
I know this is a small problem but every time someone purchases something on my kids' behalf without us asking, I feel obligated to at least offer to reimburse them when I have the funds. I know they can answer, "No -- don't worry about it." Am I wrong for offering to reimburse the troop leader? Or is my husband right?
-- Confused Girl Scout Mom
Dear Confused: You did the right thing. These troop leaders volunteer their time to help supervise the girls, and in addition to spending their time, they willingly spend money on all sorts of little (and large) things along the way. It was kind of this troop leader to purchase this treat for your daughter. You can assume that they did so very happily and does not expect to be reimbursed, since this was an unanticipated expense.
Of course you should acknowledge this and (if you're able) offer to reimburse them You can expect them to turn down your offer, but your gesture is a nice way of acknowledging their kindness without making specific assumptions. They were being nice, and now you will be nice in return. That is the social contract your husband doesn't seem to understand.
Dear Amy: The man signing their letter "No Prior Precedent" described their wife's adult biological daughter, who they had surrendered for adoption at birth, entering their lives as an adult and wanting their biological mother to readopt them
It is quite obvious that this person wants money. Once they are legally their child, they stand to inherit their money.
-- Seeing the Obvious
Dear Obvious: State laws differ, but generally children do not have an automatic right to inherit. And the prospect of inheritance does not always motivate people seeking a relationship with their parents.
Dozens of Sub-Saharan African migrants at a Libya detention centre got to their knees and crossed their wrists above their heads to protest their imprisonment.
They staged their protest at the Al-Hamra shelter in Gharyan, 100 kilometres (60 miles) south of Tripoli, during a visit Friday by Mabruk Mohammad al-Targui, the tourism minister of Libya's fragile unity government.
“This gesture is a call for freedom,” said Saddam, from Sudan's Darfur region, who fears being forced to return to a homeland ravaged by war.
“We have been in this detention centre four months,” they said. “For more than a month no organisation has come to see us.”
Most of the detainees are from of Chad, Somalia, Eritrea or Darfur. Many worked and saved for years before attempting the trip to Europe, leaving behind violence and insecurity at home.
But Libya itself is far from safe. Rocked by lawlessness since the NATO-backed 2011 uprising that toppled and killed longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi, it has become a key transit country for illicit migration.
Migrants take major risks passing through the North African country.
In October, following weeks of deadly clashes around the western city of Sabratha, a major departure point for migrants attempting perilous sea voyages to Europe, more than 3,000 were arrested.
Between 800 and 1,000 were transferred to the Al-Hamra centre, where they are crammed into 12 buildings intended for around 200 people.
On Friday the centre organised a party with African music and dance to “help them forget their suffering”, according to shelter director Colonel Al-Bahloul Shananah.
They said the event also aimed to highlight “the need to intervene quickly and find solutions for these people”.
But they voiced scepticism over the migrants' protest.
“They make this sign to indicate that they are detained,” Shananah said. “But their presence… in the shelters is for a reason: they entered Libyan territory illegally.”
“These young Africans, if we open the doors to them, they will go back to sea,” they added. “We will see new tragedies and thousands of deaths.”
The list of things you have to give up during pregnancy is pretty long. You are asked to avoid soft cheeses, smoking, roller coasters, and of course, alcohol. But when you're out with your friends and you hear your favorite jam, you might wonder if it's safe for you to get your groove on and dance. Tearing up the dance floor is seemingly harmless, but does dancing while pregnant hurt the baby?
In an interview with Romper, Dr. Mary O'Toole, an OB-GYN with MemorialCare Saddleback Medical Center in Laguna Hills, California says that dancing during pregnancy is fine, and should not hurt the baby. They say, however, that as the pregnancy progresses, your center of balance is not the same, so you should definitely avoid any maneuvers that could cause you to fall, especially onto your abdomen. You should probably skip the pole dancing, suggests O'Toole, but if you are dancing with a partner or alone, it's fine.
The key with activities during pregnancy, including dancing, is making sure you feel good and that it's safe for you and the baby. According to G. Thomas Ruiz, M.D., OB-GYN, of Orange Coast Medical Center in Fountain Valley, California, dancing does not hurt the baby, but they suggest that you keep your heart rate at 120 or less with any activity. “Obviously we would not encourage any dance moves where the pregnant abdomen is slammed into another person," adds Ruiz.
Dr. Yen H. Tran, DO, OB-GYN, from Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center in Fountain Valley, California tells Romper that they actually danced during their pregnancy. “After taking a long bath with relaxing music in the background,” says Tran, “I would dance to slow music as a form of exercise to allow blood to circulate well within my body.” They explain that slow dance movements, especially to classical music like Mozart, allow for better brain development and easier blood flow to the baby. Tran says that pregnant moms can use dancing as a form of exercise, which could allow them to regulate their weight, help with stiff joints, and calm their nerves to cope with other unpleasant symptoms of pregnancy, all while allowing a better blood flow to their babies.
Don't feel like doing boring cardio during pregnancy? According to Baby Center, dancing during pregnancy can be a great way to get in some exercise. The article noted that if you are able to handle strenuous dance classes like Zumba, you can go ahead, as long as you have the green light from your doctor. As your pregnancy progresses and your belly grows bigger, however, intense movements may just get harder to perform. Towards the end of your pregnancy, when your center of gravity has shifted and your feet are swelling, you may not be able to pull off some of the more strenuous movements.
If you are cutting a rug, make sure to be attentive to your body and how you are feeling. You don't want to dance to the point where you stress your body out too much, or exacerbate any present conditions. Parents suggested listening to your body for cues while dancing, like dizziness, shortness of breath, vaginal bleeding, or pain, which may be signs that you need to stop and notify your doctor.
As with any activity during pregnancy, make sure to ask your doctor about what is appropriate for your specific condition. Some pregnant moms are asked to move around more or less, depending on certain pregnancy complications or issues, so it's really important to get an OK from your physician. Once you know that it's safe to dance, then you can dance if you want to and leave your pregnant worries behind.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
On October 7, 1977 — 40 years ago tomorrow — Queen ensured the music world, and the sports world, a good four decades' worth of stomping and clapping and yelling when they released “We Will Rock You” as a single. In a formatting choice that goes 100% counter to every possible way it was played afterwards, “We Will Rock You” was put on the B-side of the 7″ single with “We Are The Champions,” Queen's own answer to “My Way,” as the A-side. A few weeks later on the release of the LP News Of The World, “We Will Rock You”/”We Are The Champions” were sequenced as the 1-2 punch of the album's opening and, subsequently, became the canonical pairing for classic rock playlists and Greatest Hits collections and live albums in all perpetuity.
And if that's really all it was — one of a dozen or so Queen songs that even casual rock fans knew, albeit one a lot more simplistic and unsubtle compared to compact epics like “You're My Best Friend” or “Don't Stop Me Now” — then, hey, fine. It's a hell of an opener, even if (for this writer's money) “Sheer Heart Attack” and “Fight From The Inside” are the real jams on News Of The World.
But that's not all it was. “We Will Rock You” may be both the peak of rock's influence outside the world of music itself and the biggest reduction of rock itself to a participatory exercise that just about anyone could join in. Sure, Brian May's guitar solo at the end — the one element that actually required a traditional rock instrument — sounds like a brass ring out of most peoples' reach. But the rest of it? Stomp-stomp clap. Simple enough.
So simple, in fact, that it escaped the orbit of rock radio and music-qua-music to become a rallying cry, an heir to English football chants that became a sort of omnipresent, universal morse code for we are geeked for a sports thing. It is the ur-Jock Jam, despite the inexplicable (or at least cost-prohibitive) absence of “We Will Rock You” on any of the actual ESPN/Tommy Boy Jock Jams compilations. And in a world where sports are bigger than pop music, and a piece of pop music becomes almost entirely inseparable from sports, where else can this song really go?
If anything, you could probably pin a lot of this on the entire concept of “stadium rock” as a thing. And not merely the early-years notions of, say, the Beatles playing Shea Stadium, but the expansion of bombast and spectacle meant to accommodate the kind of venues that became de rigeur in the '70s once the big stars became too popular (and too lucrative) for mere clubs and theaters. Once sound systems and light shows became technologically advanced enough, playing music in the same venues typically dedicated to Dr. J foul-line dunks or Reggie Jackson moonshot homers turned rock into a spectator sport — in these packed crowds with steep stadium seating, there's far more room to stand up and cheer than there is to actually dance. (The irony being that the biggest mass rock-world denunciation of dancing as an integral component of pop music, 1979's Disco Demolition Night, took place in a stadium. Queen wound up releasing a Chic soundalike the following year anyways.)
So if you can't dance because you're stuck sitting in the cheap seats and you're scared of falling over the safety railing because you're simultaneously drunk and stoned, hell, stomp-stomp clap should work out just fine — especially if you've got a sellout crowd at one of those old concrete donuts stomp-stomp clapping along with you. No other '70s rock juggernaut anthem ever felt less like it belonged in the isolation of your homebound headphones, and deserved to be dragged out, kicking and screaming, in front of a six-figure audience by a band playing for seven-figure dollars.
Thanks to contemporaneous attitudes about arena rock — with pro and con both assuming it's a lot more dipshitty and mindless than it actually is — it's become easy to think of “We Will Rock You” by received wisdom as a thuggish douchebag kind of song. Dave Marsh infamously stated as much in a 1979 Rolling Stone zero-star review of Jazz: “Its anthem, ‘We Will Rock You' is a marching order: you will not rock us, we will rock you. Indeed, Queen may be the first truly fascist rock band.” (The song was two years and an entire album ago at that point; it must have been gnawing at Dave for a while.)
It's a misreading, willful or otherwise, of what might otherwise be recognizable as yet another work in the tradition of Queen's over-the-top camp, though it's not an uncommon one — the aggro machismo of the baser impulses of “We Will Rock You” has spilled over into other arenas, too. At best, it can be a tongue-in-cheek flip on an old cliche, shared by hip-hop royalty for pulp-crime punchlines; taken beyond the point of parody into half-ironic self-seriousness you get something like Henry Rollins waxing all serial killerish and turning it into a joyless threat: “I Have Come to Kill You”. Or you could turn the dial all the way over to the other end sincerity-wise, where you could wind up with Linda Ronstadt turning it into a lullaby or UK boy band Five teaming with the surviving members of Queen for a nu-metal-adjacent Too Big To Fail slab of millennial pop bloat. Shit, why not? After so much time being reduced to whatever meaning you can get from its hook alone, whether you're talking about rallying a ballclub or selling cameras, the song's just there — can it even mean anything anymore?
Of course: because the one thing that almost always gets left out of the discussion when it comes to analyzing “We Will Rock You” is that it's a song about how life goes on without it ever getting easier. First you're a kid playing kick-the-can and getting all muddied up because you don't know what you're doing even though you're expected to, since you're supposed to be on your way to growing up. Then you're a young man running around in the street yelling and raising a ruckus — could be a protest, could just be a throwdown, whatever requires a good banner-waving — and getting blood on your face, probably from being clobbered by a rival fan or a riot cop. And finally, once you're all old and broke and busted, all that's left is to get some kind of closure — and you get mud on your face again, maybe as a side effect of being buried in the grave.
And all the time, you're a big disgrace… but to whom? Well… to the people you're defiantly standing against, threatening to rock, with the “we” in question being a symbiotic band/fan relationship. The story has it that Brian May was inspired to write “We Will Rock You” and “We Are The Champions” when the audience at a 1977 gig at Birmingham venue Bingley Hall — not a stadium, but a mid-19th century exhibition building — sang along with every song, then saw Queen off post-encore by belting Rodgers & Hammerstein standard turned football-supporter anthem “You'll Never Walk Alone” in appreciation. It wasn't an imperial, globe-striding band playing to passive listeners: it was a feedback loop between fans and the objects of their fandom.
And while populism too often gets mistaken for fascism — including the rulers who use the former to achieve the latter — that's not the case here. It's spectacle, it's a rooting section, it's the catharsis of watching a group of people you're emotionally invested in performing at their best. And sometimes, all you can really do when you're given that excitement is: stomp-stomp clap.
For more than two years, FCA has been FSBO — that's For Sale By Owner — with no serious offers. Not anymore. Representatives of a well-known Chinese automaker made at least one offer this month to buy Fiat Chrysler Automobiles at a small premium over its market value, Automotive News has learned. The offer was rejected for not being enough, a source said. Meanwhile, other sources independently identified executives from other large Chinese automakers conducting their own due diligence on a potential purchase of FCA, including meeting last week with representatives of U.S. retail groups about a potential acquisition. A source said FCA executives have traveled to China to meet with Great Wall Motor Co. And Chinese delegations were seen last week at FCA's headquarters in Auburn Hills, Mich.
Read Article
The National Agency for Food, Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) has started mopping up unwholesome and unregistered products at the ongoing 29th Enugu International Trade Fair.
The Zonal Coordinator of the agency in the South East, Mr Fori Tatama, disclosed this to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Enugu on Monday.
Tatama said that the essence of the mop-up was to ensure that only wholesome and NAFDAC approved products were displayed and sold at the fair.
“We have deployed our surveillance officers to the trade fair and they are to work round the clock in all nooks and crannies of the fairground.
“They are to ensure that all products sold are approved by the agency and that they are wholesome,'' they said.
The coordinator said the agency was at the fair to enlighten those selling products especially the Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), whose products were not registered, to come forward and register them.
“The Federal Government and NAFDAC through the Ease of Doing Business (EODB) are currently encouraging every SME to come and register their products with NAFDAC at a reduced cost, which will improve their businesses,'' they said.
The coordinator also revealed that the suspected unwholesome products would be sent to NAFDAC laboratory in Agulu, Anambra State for further analysis.
NAN reports that the ongoing 29th Enugu International Trade Fair had entered its fourth day.
The theme of the fair is: “Engendering the Competitiveness of Nigeria's Products in the Global Market.''
The restaurant didn't ascribe lofty phrases like “chef-driven” to itself -- or if it did, my rudimentary German didn't catch it -- but the meal nonetheless felt like a four-course glimpse into someone's wild imagination, all for around 20 euros. (Back then I was living in Amsterdam, one of Europe's most expensive dining cities, where a multi-course meal for 20 euros, or about 25 bucks, was virtually nonexistent.)
I don't remember exactly what I ate. A couple of courses were very good, at least one was excellent, and another was interesting but not something I'd necessarily order again. There's a magical quality to Berlin that's at once rough-edged and lavishly sensual, and the restaurant's ambiance harnessed that contradiction: a well-lit corner space with wide windows, simple wooden tables, and a few candles throwing incandescent light on the faces of the eclectic crowd. The chef ran out every few minutes to deliver the next course, pour wine, and flash a humble smile before disappearing into the kitchen.
By this point, you're wondering why I'm waxing rhapsodic about some dinner I ate in Berlin half a decade ago. I'll get to the point: Has St. Paul ever reminded you, or anyone, of Berlin? I'm guessing the answer is no, unless you happened to be slinging gin with F. Scott Fitzgerald back the 1920s. In fact, despite St. Paul's compact downtown, complete with laudable old architecture and a jewel-like central green space that veritably whispers “walkable, European-style city center,” most nights it feels like a mausoleum past 8 p.m. unless you're standing in smack in front of the Ordway Music Center as “La Boheme” is letting out.
Dear reader, I am here to tell you something extraordinary. The other night, while eating a six-course meandering culinary journey inspired by the color black -- a delectible chili-infused mole gordita, a lovely dark chocolate cake -- I had the peculiar experience of being transported to Berlin. That explosively creative city where young artists and chefs and gallery owners, thanks to cheap(ish) rents and a fierce DIY ethos, have created a culture that is surprising and weird and unexpected and full of joy.
The new just/us, which celebrated its grand opening on March 14, is the brainchild of owner/chef Nate Docken, A native son of east St. Paul, he's never been to Berlin, for the record -- although you'd never guess. “I'm Italian, so it was a choice between working in restaurants or working for the mafia,” they quip.
Tamarind and piloncillo lacquered sweet potatoes, with black sesame and charred scallion yogurt Sarah Chandler
Under Docken's leadership, chefs Samantha Roiland and Jesse Hedman co-conduct this culinary trio: Each dish is “signed” on the menu by the chef who conceived it. For Docken, this is an intentional departure from the kind of so-called chef-driven restaurant where the chef may not actually be a consistent presence in the kitchen. “I want each chef to get credit for the dishes they create,” Docken says.
At just/us, prix fixe dinner service is fun and irreverent and funky and at moments lovably weird, not unlike Berlin. For example, I'd never eaten charcoal-infused pasta before, and I'm not entirely sure I want to do it again, but I feel the same way about having once raced down the Pacific Coast Highway on the back of a motorcycle: no regrets. At six courses for $45, you don't feel cheated when one isn't your thing, and instead a little thrilled when four or five are. While you can expect the wine and beer service to kick off in another week or two, the mocktails -- currently a refreshing black hibiscus-citrus concoction -- are worth trying in the meantime.
The old Red Lantern storefront space near the Fitzgerald Theatre provides an airy, well-lit canvas for the artistry within. Themes rotate monthly, and allow individual chefs to experiment with their personal obsessions. On the current menu, Roiland's affinity for Mexico shines through in a fat, flaky empanada filled with a savory mix of beef and cured olives. Earthy and buttery, enlivened by a coconut ash-infused chimichurri, it was the best empanada I'd eaten in years. The table next to mine raved about the confit chicken thigh with black radish and habanero crema, sandwiched between masa cakes darkened with mole. It was spicy enough that the black rice horchata shot was a welcome chaser.
By the time dessert arrived, with its glossy dark chocolate ganache, chestnut buttercream, and molasses marshmallows signed with a thrilling trace of campfire smoke -- was there an actual campfire in the back, or was my imagination running wild -- I was smitten.
All without setting foot on Lufthansa.
Blue Jays starter Marcus Stroman had a real bounce in their step as they bopped around the spring-training clubhouse on Tuesday. It's the kind of bounce you get when your salary gets a major bounce.
Stroman, 25, won their arbitration case with the Jays and was awarded $3.4 million for this season, an increase from $525,900 in 2016. The Jays had offered $3.1 million. The decision was announced Tuesday following a hearing on Friday before arbitrators Steven Wolf, Jeanne Wood, James Oldham.
Stroman took to Twitter not long after the ruling was released. They said they were “excited” to win the case and “really enjoyed the process.”
They also gave a shout-out to the Jays for “being extremely professional throughout the entire process.”
“Now ... time to get back to work and deliver the fans of TORONTO the World Series they deserve,” they tweeted.
Later they updated that: “Meant to say ... bring CANADA the World Series they deserve. Sorry! Lol”
The 25-year-old right-hander was 9-10 with a 4.37 ERA last year in their first full season following a torn left anterior cruciate ligament.
Excited to win my case. Really enjoyed the process. Shout to my family @us_tla for always having my back. Always stay true to my day ones! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Shout to the @BlueJays for being extremely professional throughout the entire process as well! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
The Lagos State Government has perfected plans to bring about a quantum leap to the State's economy in 2018 through the Embedded Power Supply Project and the review of the Land Use Charge Law.
The power project, aimed at delivering an estimated 3,000 Megawatts to homes and industries, is expected to lift the economy of Lagos which is Nigeria's industrial hub, while the revised Land Use Charge Law had been designed to improve the values of property in the State.
The State's House of Assembly had last week announced the passage of two bills expected to provide the legal framework for the programmes by enacting the Lagos State Embedded Power Supply Law 2018 and the Lagos State Land Use Charge Law 2018.
Both laws are expected to be signed this week by the State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode.
Speaking on the development, Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr Kehinde Bamigbetan, said the two strategic laws were part of the grand plan of the present administration to boost the economy and make life easier and comfortable for the people.
They said: “The Embedded Power Supply programme will provide the enabling environment for the private sector to generate not less than 1000 mega watts every year in the first phase of three years by using gas to produce power and distributing the electricity to consumers.
“As enabler, the Lagos State Government will guarantee the off-take of the generated power.
“This new product is expected to expand the distribution network and increase metering capacity of the electricity distribution firms in Lagos State including Eko Distribution Company and Ikeja Electricity Distribution Company.”
Bamigbetan said to ensure return on investment by participating companies and encourage more electricity companies to invest in the embedded power sector, the law has been arranged to provide the framework for the government to support the firms in the collection of tariffs and enforcement of contracts.
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's anti-establishment 5-Star Movement on Wednesday called for eurosceptic economist Paola Savona to withdraw their candidacy as economy minister to help the possible formation of a government.
Anti-establishment 5-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio speaks at the media after a round of consultations with Italy's newly appointed Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte at the Lower House in Rome, Italy, May 24, 2018. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
Savona was proposed to head the key ministry by 5-Star and the far-right League as part of a coalition government that seemed poised to take office last week, but the head of state vetoed Savona due to their views on the euro.
“It's surprising that Paolo Savona, a person of great culture and a fine political sense, has not yet taken the decision to withdraw,” said Laura Castelli, a lawmaker close to 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio.
The League has continued to insist that Savona should be part of any government it plays a role in, while President Sergio Mattarella has not withdrawn their veto, resulting in political stalemate.
“American Gods” Season 2 is moving forward with Jesse Alexander set to take over as showrunner, Variety has confirmed.
Alexander takes over the Starz adaptation of Neil Gaiman's acclaimed novel from Bryan Fuller and Michael Green, who exited the series in November. Fuller and Green, who were the creators and executive producers on the series, are said to have departed over issues with producer FremantleMedia over budget and creative direction.
Alexander previously worked alongside fuller on the shows “Star Trek: Discovery” and “Hannibal,” the former of which Fuller also exited after clashing with CBS. Alexander's other credits include “Lost,” “Alias,” and “Heroes.”
“American Gods” tells the story of a conflict between new and old mythological figured. The series stars Ricky Whittle as Shadow Moon, an ex-con who finds themselves in a tug-of-war between America's old gods like Odin (Ian McShane) and Media, played by Gillian Anderson, though Anderson previously stated they will not return for Season 2.
The series was renewed by Starz for a second season in May. In addition to Fuller and Green, Craig Cegielski and Stefanie Berk are also executive producers along with David Slade, Adam Kane, and Gaiman. Starz senior vice presidents of original programming Marta Fernandez and Ken Segna are the executives in charge.
The Hollywood Reporter first broke the news of Alexander's hiring.
0
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
-
On this episode of Collider Movie Talk (Wednesday, June 14th, 2017) John Campea, Mark Ellis, Kristian Harloff, Ashley Mova and Wendy Lee discuss the following:
Tom Holland says Spider-Man: Homecoming starts a trilogy
Woody Allen's Wonder Wheel scores December/Awards Season release
First trailer released for Brigsby Bear starring Kyle Mooney and Mark Hamill
Michelle Monaghan returning for Mission Impossible 6
Jeremy Renner, Isla Fisher and Ed Helms to star in comedy Tag
Mail Bag
Every year, aspiring collectors queue up outside CIMA Gallery, Kolkata, as early as 6am, waiting eagerly for its annual Art Mela to begin. Here, you can see an eclectic mix of college students, young professionals and even senior citizens, taking that first step in their collecting journeys by buying affordably-priced artworks. And now in its 11th edition, the CIMA Art Mela is headed to Delhi for the first time. “CIMA is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. Hence, we thought it was the right moment to head to the capital,” says Rakhi Sarkar, director of the gallery. “We have, in the past, received a lot of buyers from the city, so there is a demand. And since we have developed a certain expertise in Kolkata in the past decade, we felt we could be a bit daring and use the anniversary as a tipping moment to bring something like this to Delhi.”
On offer, this year, are works by 80 artists, including established names such as Ganesh Pyne, Paresh Maity, Madhvi Parekh, Arpita Singh and Thota Vaikuntam and also younger ones such as Shreyasi Chatterjee. Priced between Rs 3,000 and 75,000—with a Thota Vaikuntam a steal at Rs 68,000, a Rabin Mondal at Rs 40,000 and a Suhas Roy for Rs 45,000—collectors can choose from across mediums, genres and styles. You could also opt for vernacular forms such as Patachitra and Madhubani.
The idea of the CIMA Art Mela has its roots in the Nandan Mela, organised each year in Shantiniketan, to commemorate Nandalal Bose's birth anniversary. “Over time, it became a momentous occasion, where all the artists, who taught at Kala Bhavana, painted for the residents of Shantiniketan. There, you would find teachers and professors buying art for as little as Rs 10. You could buy a KG Subramanyan work for Rs 100,” they say. Thus, a large chunk of the art being created there came into the hands of the middle class.
However, over time, this middle class, which had played a critical role in the development of art in the 20th century and in the rise of secular art movements, slowly began to lose touch with it. Lack of museums and facilities for public viewing of fine art in India, and soaring prices in the 1990s added to this dissociation with art. “Artists too were concerned about this. Since museums were not buying a lot of art, most of their works were entering corporate boardrooms and private living rooms, thus getting lost from the public domain. When we sat down with the major artists in Bengal, they were keen to help revive the middle class's connection with art,” says Sarkar.
So, they brought together the essence of the Nandan Mela with a gallery setup, in order to make buying art convenient for aspiring collectors. Today, the fair gets a large number of young professionals as buyers, and some senior citizens too, who withdraw their pension to acquire a work by their favourite artist. It is an atmosphere to behold, with the collectors sharing a cuppa with the artists, at one of the food stalls, holding vociferous discussions on themes and genres.
“This year, we have received a lot of recycled polymer work, which is beautiful and vibrant, with a three-dimensional quality to it. These styles haven't come to us before. Besides this, we have everything from abstraction to figurative and conceptual,” they say. However, given the target audience of the mela, with people buying art for the first time, Sarkar doesn't want to complicate things by talking theory to them about post-modern ideas and post-colonial art. “We want to present credible guaranteed art, complete with a receipt, hologram and stamp, so that you know exactly what you are buying,” they say.
1 /29
The CIMA Art Mela will be held at the Visual Art Gallery, India Habitat Centre, between April 26 and 30, 2018
At least 90 migrants are feared to have drowned after a smuggler's boat capsized off Libya, the UN Migration Agency has said.
Olivia Headon, from the International Organisation for Migration, says most of those on board were Pakistanis.
The bodies of two Libyans and eight Pakistanis are reported to have washed up on Libyan shores, they added.
Security officials in the western Libyan town of Zurawa said two Libyans and one Pakistani had been rescued from the vessel.
Early indications suggest it became unbalanced.
Ms Headon said Pakistani nationals had been taking an increasingly large share of migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean via Libya to Europe.
Zurawa – near Libya's border with Tunisia – is often the site of migrant boat departures.
Apple Inc's hint of returning a ton of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X.
REUTERS: Apple Inc's hint of returning a ton of cash to shareholders was not enough to move investors who worried more about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of production cuts for its flagship iPhone X.
Apple shares were down about 1.4 percent at US$165.42 in early trade on Friday.
The iPhone X was the first phone to get a major design overhaul since the launch of the iPhone 6 in 2015, and many expected it to lead to blockbuster sales.
On Thursday, the Cupertino-based tech giant said it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street expected, and sees revenue of US$60 billion to US$62 billion and gross margins of between 38 percent and 38.5 percent for its fiscal second quarter ending in March.
Analysts were expecting US$65.7 billion in sales and a gross margin of 38.9 percent for the March quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Analysts at Longbow Research said the revenue guidance implied a low 50 million iPhone shipment forecasts against a consensus of 58.5 million.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We now forecast 221 million iPhone shipments for fiscal 2018, versus the prior 235 million consensus."
On Thursday, Apple also said it was planning, over time, to "target a capital structure that is approximately net neutral," adding that it will "take that balance down from US$163 billion to zero," referring to Apple's level of cash net of debt.
The comments sent its shares up about 3 percent Thursday after the bell.
"iPhone sell-through appears to have declined in the December quarter, which, along with weaker-than-expected
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
second quarter revenue guidance, reinforces our view of a saturated market," KeyBanc analysts said in a note, cutting the rating on the stock to "sector weight" from "overweight.""Further, gross margin results and guidance both missed our expectations, which reduces our view of potential profit growth going forward."
Of 39 analysts who cover the stock, 29 rate it 'buy' or higher. However, the mixed results triggered varied responses from analysts. At least three brokerages raised their target price on the company's stock largely banking on the possibility of cash returns, while three cut price targets.
"(Apple's) cash return should support the stock, but we see little to drive upside," KeyBanc analysts said.
(Reporting by Muvija M and Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Bernard Orr)
SEOUL: South Korea's special prosecutor's office said on Wednesday it had expanded charges against Samsung Group chief Jay Y. Lee to include hiding the proceeds of a criminal act before it decided to seek a warrant for their arrest for a second time.
Lee, the third-generation leader of South Korea's top conglomerate, has been identified as a suspect by prosecutors in an influence-peddling scandal that could topple President Park Geun-hye. They were questioned for more than 15 hours straight this week, their second marathon grilling in a month.
The decision to add extra charges, which included hiding assets overseas, was made after a Seoul court denied prosecutors' first attempt to secure an arrest warrant for Lee last month, a spokesperson for the special prosecutor's office said.
"For three weeks, we secured additional evidence that we can be sure about, and after careful deliberation have requested (an arrest warrant) for the second time," spokesperson Lee Kyu-chul told reporters without elaborating.
South Korea's special prosecutor has focused on Samsung Group's relationship with Park, accusing Lee in their capacity as Samsung chief of pledging 43 billion won (US$37.7 million) to a business and organisations backed by Park's friend, Choi Soon-sil, in exchange for support of a 2015 merger of two Samsung companies.
Park, Choi, and Samsung Group have denied bribery accusations.
Park was impeached by parliament in December and South Korea's Constitutional Court will decide whether to uphold that decision. They have been stripped of their powers in the meantime.
The prosecution is also bringing an additional charge of perjury against Lee.
They have also requested an arrest warrant for Samsung Electronics Co Ltd President Park Sang-jin, who was also questioned on Monday. The charges they and Lee face also include bribery and embezzlement.
A Seoul court said on Tuesday it would hold a hearing on the request for arrest warrants at 10:30 a.m. (0130 GMT) on Thursday. Based on previous instances, the court's decision is expected late on Thursday or most likely early Friday.
The prosecution also said it would decide later whether to seek charges against three other Samsung executives. Samsung Group President Chang Choon-ki was also questioned on Sunday and another executive on Monday.
On Wednesday, Samsung Group repeated an earlier denial on its official Twitter account: "Samsung has absolutely never bribed the president seeking something in return or sought illicit favours."
"We will do our best for the truth to be revealed in court," it said.
Earlier this month, prosecutors searched the offices of the antitrust agency, the Korea Fair Trade Commission, and financial regulator, the Financial Services Commission, as part of their investigation of Samsung Group.
The special prosecution office's mandate to conduct the graft investigation will expire on February 28, unless it is extended.
(US$1 = 1,141.5500 won)
(Reporting by Joyce Lee; Additional reporting by Yun Hwan Chae and Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Paul Tait)
The world already has a million reasons to love razor-sharp comedian John Oliver. But now, there are a million and one, because John Oliver released a children's book about Vice President Mike Pence's pet rabbit, Marlon Bundo, falling in love with another boy bunny. That's right, it's sweet, progressive, and deliciously petty.
The Last Week Tonight host devoted a whole segment of their HBO show to Pence on Sunday night, and while Oliver had plenty of criticisms for the vice president, they did like one thing about Pence — their pet bunny. Turns out the VP and their family have an adorable rabbit named Marlon Bundo (which is, as Oliver acknowledged, "an objectively good name for a bunny"). After some time as an Instagram star, Bundo got their own book, written by Pence's wife Karen and daughter Charlotte, entitled Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President.
Unsurprisingly, given the VP's not-so-tolerant views on LGBTQ issues, one of the stops on the Bundo book tour is at Focus on the Family, an anti-LGBTQ organization that, according to the Human Rights Committee, invests "in public education campaigns against LGBTQ equality," while helping related organizations support "radical anti-LGBTQ candidates who work against basic civil rights and legal protections."
Naturally, this infuriated Oliver. So they and their team fought back in the best possible way — by putting out their own rival children's book about Bundo.
"Congrats Pence, you even managed to ruin Marlon Bundo,” Oliver said on their show Sunday night. “None of us can enjoy a book about your rabbit. Or can we?" Then they announced the release of A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo, written by Last Week Tonight writer Jill Twiss, and illustrated by EG Keller.
In the better Bundo book, as Oliver put it, the VP's rabbit has a bowtie. Oh, also, they fall in love with another male rabbit, and the two decide to get married, but not without facing some obstacles along the way.
There are so many amazing things about this book. First of all, the proceeds will go to The Trevor Project, which supports LGBTQ youth, and to AIDS United, which aims to end the AIDS epidemic in the United States. That means that you can get your family a funny, charming children's book while supporting a couple of good causes. Secondly, as Oliver pointed out on their show, "selling more books than Pence will probably really piss them off," and who doesn't want to do that?
If that's not enough to convince you, perhaps you'll be interested to know that the audiobook version of the story features an all-star voice cast, including Jim Parsons as the titular rabbit, Modern Family's Jesse Tyler Ferguson as Marlon's love interest, and celebrity faves like Ellie Kemper and RuPaul rounding it all out.
And if, somehow, you're still not convinced that this is the greatest news in a long time, skip to the 17:58 mark in Oliver's Sunday night segment to get a sneak peek of the utterly charming book:
LastWeekTonight on YouTube
As Oliver put it:
This is a real children's book. This isn't some adult book telling Mike Pence to go f*ck himself, although in buying it, that's exactly what you would be doing. This is a sweet story about Marlon Bundo falling in love.
A spokesperson Regnery Publishing, which put out the Pences' book, said in a statement regarding Oliver's book, according to CNN:
It's unfortunate that anyone would feel the need to ridicule an educational children's book and turn it into something controversial and partisan. Our and Mrs. and Charlotte Pence's goal is -- and will continue to be -- to educate young readers about the important role of the vice president, as well as to highlight the charities to which portions of the book proceeds will be donated.
Bryan Bedder/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Oliver has pulled some amazing stunts over the years, including buying ad time on Fox News and creating a series of commercials to educate President Donald Trump, who watches the network with... startling frequency.
But this new move may be one of the best things Oliver has ever done. Already, A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo is a number one bestseller on Amazon, so it seems like the internet agrees.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
A new investigation has revealed that Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock, 64, was prescribed an anti-anxiety medication believed to cause violence, before their crime.
According to Las Vegas Review-Journal, the killer – who police now suspect was not alone in planning their Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting – was reportedly given diazepam for their anxiety.
The drug, also known as Valium, Diastat and Diazepam Intesol, could possibly lead to aggressive behavior, suicidal tendencies, confusion, depression and even hallucinations.
Their brother Eric told PEOPLE that This is “absolutely no sense, no reason” Stephen did this.
PHOTOS: Hot Car Death Dad: The Evidence That Convicted A Killer!
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, clues into the life of Stephen show serious signs of instability. Cops recently found the killer had bought 33 rifles and 50 pounds of explosives prior to the massacre. Even though ISIS claimed responsibility for the crime, the murderer's brother claimed they had no affiliation to any group, political party or religion.
While Scientologist Kirstie Alley blamed Stephen's attack on prescription medications, investigators are still unsure what led the Vegas gunman to commit their horrific crime.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
by Christine Stuart | Oct 6, 2017 11:34am Google
( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment
Posted to: Election 2018
ctnewsjunkie file photo Chris Mattei speaking to the DTC in Windsor
HARTFORD, CT — Candidates running for governor in 2018 have until Oct. 10 to file their reports with the State Elections Enforcement Commission, but those who did well are already bragging about their fundraising hauls.
On the Democratic side where there are now six candidates vying for the nomination, former federal prosecutor Chris Mattei, has taken the fundraising lead.
Mattei was able to raise $104,540 between the end of July and the end of September. This comes on the heels of their strong first quarter showing when the campaign posted $118,344 for a total of $222,884 raised in just 164 days.
Since they announced their exploratory committee, Mattei said they have attended 129 events in 68 towns – or one event nearly every day.
Mattei said he's not accepting lobbyist contributions and will make sure any who tried to give to their campaign get their checks back before the official documents are filed.
“When we file our report, it will contain ZERO donations from lobbyists,” Mattei said. “A few tried, but we returned them because as someone who has spent a career taking on the corrosive influence of money in politics, I believe those who are registered to lobby our elected leaders should not be simultaneously funding the campaigns of those same officials.”
Jonathan Harris, the former West Hartford mayor and Commissioner of Consumer Protection, said their campaign has raised over $82,000 between July and September. That brings their two quarters of fundraising up to $170,000.
“As I travel throughout the state, it is unmistakable that the people of Connecticut want an experienced, thoughtful leader who can hit the ground running on day one, to tackle our problems and build a better future for our state and all its residents,” Harris, who was executive director of the Connecticut Democratic Party from 2012 to 2014, said. “When I talk with people, I share my commitment to developing practical solutions to respond to the serious challenges we face. And I am tremendously encouraged by the enthusiastic response, in big cities and small towns, from Ashford to Westport and communities all across our state.”
Neither Mattei nor Harris have filed their reports yet with the State Elections Enforcement Commission.
And since both have exploratory committees, any $375 donations won't be counted toward the $250,000 they need to raise to qualify for the additional state grant.
State Comptroller Kevin Lembo decided at the end of August not to seek the gubernatorial nomination and will run for re-election instead. Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman still hasn't made any announcement about their intentions.
Middletown Mayor Dan Drew, Bridgeport Mayor Joe Ganim, Dita Bhargava a former trader and hedge fund manager from Greenwich, and Sean Connolly, the former Veterans Affairs Commissioner who only announced their campaign earlier this week have yet to announce their totals or file their reports.
On the Republican side, Glastonbury Rep. Prasad Srinivasan said he's raised more than $254,000 for their campaign, which means if he's nominated by the Republican Party at the convention in May then they will be able to receive a state grant of more than $1.4million for what will likely be a Republican primary.
“I am proud of the support we have behind our campaign,” Srinivasan said. “Having reached over $250,000, we will have the resources needed to run a strong and efficient campaign. Our state faces many challenges, but I know that working together we can revive Connecticut and make it prosper once again.”
There are 10 candidates on the Republican side exploring or running for governor. None of the other candidates have announced their fundraising totals and Srinivasan's totals have not been formally filed with the SEEC.
Two Muskogee women are in critical condition after crashing while running from police, according to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol. Troopers say Christa Brewer hit another car head on just before 10 p.m. Thursday, July 3.
Muskogee Police were pursuing Brewer westbound on Hancock Road at Highway 69, a collision report states. When they crossed the highway, troopers say they went left of center and hit an oncoming car head on.
Brewer, 29, was thrown from their car and taken to a Tulsa hospital with critical injuries, troopers say. A passenger in their car, 36-year-old Tanisha Barber of Muskogee, was also critically hurt.
The report says neither woman was wearing a seat belt.
The driver of the other car wasn't hurt. Their 18-year-old passenger, Kelli Smallen of Broken Arrow, was treated and released from a Muskogee hospital.
We've contacted Muskogee Police to learn why they were in pursuit of Brewer and will update this story when that information is released.
LONDON, ONT. - I'm having lunch at the hip Root Cellar in the trendy Old East Village Area of London. I'm munching on a tasty water buffalo burger provided by Amish farmers in southwest Ontario.
Across the street is a shop selling tea and Japanese crepes. Next to that is the Mystic Bookshop, and two doors down from there is the London Skateboard Co-operative.
This isn't the staid, southern Ontario city you might think you know. Instead, you'll find a growing number of independent, fresh-thinking entrepreneurs who are giving a wide strip of town the sort of gussied-up treatment visitors have seen in areas like Leslieville in Toronto or Commercial Drive in Vancouver.
One of the best places to see the changes first-hand is The London Food Incubator on Dundas Street; a former industrial/commercial building (they used to make O-Pee-Chee hockey cards here) fashioned of creamy yellow brick. There's a local Fire Roasted Coffee shop and a grocery store in front and space in back that small businesses rent out at low prices to keep help keep costs down in a neighbourhood that has a fair share of low-income earners.
Among those working at the incubator on the morning I visit is David Glen, owner of Glen Farms. They make old-style marmalades as well as jams, jellies, maple barbecue sauce and other treats.
“The incubator's a wonderful place,“ they tell me as they stir a pot of vegetable antipasto. “This place gives us the space and the traffic we need. And this whole strip on Dundas is really turning into something special.”
Across the aisle is Urban Oven, where Kim Banman sells gluten-free dough that folks take home and bake themselves. It's a business they began after finding out both their son and husband were gluten intolerant.
“A lot of what I made at first were basically bricks,” they said with a laugh. Ultimately they mixed and matched various types of flour and came up with a winning formula.
“London folks can be a conservative bunch but I think we're seeing a strong movement and a real awareness about using local, organic products.”
That's definitely the case at The Root Cellar, an organic restaurant across the street that features a map showing diners where the food comes from.
One of the wait staff, Mariam Waliji, says customers with a little extra cash in their jeans are encouraged to put money in a community jar.
“If someone comes in and they want a coffee or a salad or something we can get the money from the jar and pay for it that way,” they explain.
The restaurant features everything from the asupervisorstioned water buffalo burger to organic salads and poutine. They also have an event space upstairs that's used for special dinners where local farmers are invited to talk about their food, as well as for flower-arranging workshops or other events.
“Part of our mandate is sustainability and buying local,” says Root Cellar co-owner Ellie Cook. “In season, 80% of our food comes from within a 45-minute radius of the restaurant.”
The same “buy local” treatment goes for London Brewing Co., which used to operate in the back of The Root Cellar but recently opened a new facility in an industrial area a little east of the restaurant. They make a variety of malt-forward, organic beers, including one called Local 117; so named because all the ingredients come from within 117 km. They use local hops, as well as barley that comes from an organic farm in New Hamburg, just west of Kitchener. http://londonbrewing.ca/
“We get a real mix,” says Jeff Pastorius of London Brewing. “People come in in a Mercedes or riding their bikes. It's a real mix of folks you don't often see together in this city.”
Part of the brewery building is given over to On The Move Organics, which delivers local, organic food in the area. They even built a giant bike out of old pieces of metal and use it for an eco-friendly delivery vehicle that holds more than a dozen baskets of food.
A few blocks away is Illbury + Goose, a super-cool spot that feels like a miniature Hudson's Bay shop curated by a millennial who's perfected the pour-over coffee. You'll find sleek cotton t-shirts, handmade bracelets, lumberjack shirts, toques carrying the name of London neighbourhoods and other fun merchandise.
“I grew up near here and it was kind of the wrong side of the tracks,” said Illbury + Goose co-owner Dan Phillips. “But now I walk to work every day. People have a real sense of pride around here.”
It's also a growing area, with new condos sprouting up and lots of new businesses up and down Dundas, including a new distillery that's on the way.
Ben Hoover just recently moved into London from nearby Lucan, Ontario and opened Room Service Vintage across the street from The Root Cellar, with everything from a massive sign from a former motel on the New Jersey shore to stunning metallic bowls from Australia. They live in an apartment above the store, marking the first time he's lived in the city since 1985.
“I love it here. It's eclectic and it's lots of fun.”
JUST THE FACTS
SLEEPING The Idlewyld Inn and Spa is a lovingly restored 1878 building with 21 suites, an on-site spa and a fine dining restaurant.
EATING The Hungary Butcher on Dundas St. makes dozens of varieties of sausages. They also sell organic eggs and smoked bacon. Next door is All ‘Bout Cheese, where you can everything from mango and ginger stilton to locally produced Gunn's Hill cheese. Dundas St. has a huge variety of restaurants, everything from Ethiopian to Thai. True Taco serves up a great mix of Mexican and Salvadorean food at very reasonable prices.
DOING Aeolian Hall has some of the best acoustics in Canada. When I was there I saw a great show from a duo called the Mayhemingways, along with Joel Plaskett and their father Bill.
DEAL OF THE WEEK Travelzoo is offering a six-night trip to Athens and Santorini for $1,610, including a half-day tour of Athens and daily breakfast.
Jim Byers is a freelance writer based in Toronto: jim@jimbyerstravel.com
[anvplayer video=“KRQE:1484578
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So, how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
From around 1977 to 1997 Tony Gallagher overshadowed Vancouver Canucks coverage in a way that hasn't been duplicated in many, if any, NHL cities. It was the heart of a 45-year run that earned them a place in the B.C. Sports Hall of Fame's media wing as part of the 2018 inductee class.
The Province is featuring five athletes, one builder and one media member being inducted to the B.C. Sports Hall of Fame on May 31 during a reception at Parq Vancouver.
They join sports medicine's Alex McKechnie, who revolutionized physiotherapy and has worked with the biggest names in sports; swimming's Tom Johnson, who among other accomplishments was on 10 Olympics coaching staffs for Canada; the 1900-18 Rossland ladies ice hockey team that was undefeated in organized play for 17 years; the 1991 national men's rugby team that reached the World Cup quarter-finals and included 23 players either born in B.C. or who played rugby in the province, as well as B.C.-born coach Ian Birtwell; and W.A.C. Bennett Award winner Alex Nelson, founding member and three-time president of the North American Indigenous Games Council, women's rights crusader, and soccer coach for 42 years.
Today's feature is on Tony Gallagher
At a top prospects tournament in Penticton, Tony Gallagher is socializing when he's abruptly enveloped by the friends and family of one of the most promising players there.
Mere moments after introductions, they launch into a ballooning list of grievances against the team that drafted their loved one. Everything seemed to be at issue, from minutes, to the coach, to the general manager to a comparable player the team had just acquired.
They feared the organization was burying their guy. Looking back, they weren't wrong.
It was such a Gallagher moment. People just want to tell them their stories. They always have. It's a quality that helped drive them from cub reporter in 1970 to the columnist who dominated the Vancouver sports media scene for a 20-year stretch.
From around 1977 to 1997 they overshadowed Vancouver Canucks coverage in a way that hasn't been duplicated in many, if any, NHL cities.
It was the heart of a 45-year run that earned them a place in the B.C. Sports Hall of Fame's media wing as part of the 2018 inductee class.
The greatest part is Gallagher's best stories never happened late at night in any bars where so many media bathed in post-game leisure time. They were always in the newspaper where he, uhm, wrote them.
They all spill from them now so smoothly and with such precise detail, you listen hoping one day he'll flow it all into the book that is so obviously waiting in a corner of their memories.
There were the time lawyers opposing the Canucks in the Vladimir Krutov international arbitration case couriered them the transcripts and audio tapes from Sweden. It was a fascinating case and one in which the Canucks, represented by Brian Burke, got financially drubbed.
In one riveting sequence, Vancouver legend Pat Quinn was on the stand, forced to admit they misled the public about agreed-to transfer payments the Canucks failed to make to Russia. “We messed up,” Quinn would admit. The source that cross examiners used to box Quinn into that corner?
A Gallagher column.
“It was devastating for the Canucks and it was all in the paper,” Gallagher said. “The bottom line, Burke got annihilated.”
Gallagher so often shared the players' side and it regularly put them at odds with Canucks' management.
“There was a constant theme of grinding players down for years,” Gallagher said. “It was a beautiful environment for a writer to come in and take the player's side.
“When I did that, players liked it. Of course, a lot of times fans wouldn't. But they had to recognize I was getting the right information.
“(There were years), when the Canucks would just lie to the public about what they were offering. The agents would tell me ‘Here's the offer sheet. Read it yourself.'”
There is no better example than Pavel Bure who some reporters have cast as a bitter villain because, well, they asked to be traded.
“He's always ascribed all these evil characteristics, like they were selfish,” Gallagher said. “It drives me crazy. They're missing how abused they were from the moment they got here. No one would think a team would abuse superstars like that.
“For example, they made them pay part of the money to the Russians to buy them out of their contract. What a way to start a relationship with a guy you think is going to be a star.
“Then they go out and scores 34 goals and he's rookie of the year. They said: ‘Are you guys going to do something about this contract?'
“It was normal in those days to renegotiate and get upgrades. Bure's agent asked and they said: ‘We don't think he's ever going to do this again. The league will get on to him.'”
Bure would score 60 goals in each of the next two seasons.
There was also Igor Larionov who the Canucks lost in part because they refused to negotiate down what was a massive transfer payment with Russia that was supposed to match their NHL salary. The Calgary Flames, for example, negotiated with Russia and got Sergei Makarov's transfer down to a flat $50,000.
“The Canucks lost Larionov because Quinn was so stubborn,” Gallagher said. “He didn't want to make a phone call and just say ‘I'll pay whatever Calgary is paying.'
“The Russians would have been happy with $50,000 because they didn't get anything.
“So Calgary keeps Makarov and Vancouver loses Larionov. Look at the career they went on to. They could have been with Bure. They made beautiful music together.”
The Burke-era Canucks were so triggered by Gallagher they leaned on The Province like mobsters more than a couple of times. Once, they pressured the paper to not hire them back after they took a two-year sabbatical to try radio. The Canucks accused Gallagher of “scurrilous editorial attacks” which is about the most Burke phrase ever.
“They sent a letter to (then editor-in-chief) Brian Butters saying: ‘If you hire them back we won't let them in the dressing room and will bar Province guys,'” Gallagher said. “Butters ran the letter they sent on the front page of the paper.
“I was forever grateful because that could have ended my career. They could have secretly acceded to the Canucks' wishes and not hired me back. That would have been it.”
Instead, the paper showed Gallagher a ton of respect and did what they did their entire career. They pushed back.
Gallagher is as close to a rock star as The Province has ever had. He's still recognized wherever they go. In fact, they were in Palm Springs recently and a car randomly pulled up to him, the window came down and the driver blurted out:
“Hey Tony, did the Canucks win last night?”
jbotchford@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/botchford
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
The Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD) association on Friday in Abuja denied that it threatened to embark on strike.
A statement by the PTD Chairman, Mr Salimon Oladiti, said it was very ”mischievous and unfounded” the news circulating in the social media that the PTD Branch of NUPENG issued a three-day ultimatum to the Federal Government of Nigeria.
”We strongly deny this information which is false, unfounded and a calculated attempt to cause mischief and panic in the country.
”As a matter of fact, the leadership of the branch met with the Minister of Works, Power and Housing on Thursday, Feb. 1 where comprehensive reports of all the ongoing repairs and reconstructions of damaged highways were discussed and deliberated upon.
”Further assurances of immediate palliative works on those that are in very terrible state presently were given.
”We are not unaware that our highways have suffered long years of neglect by successive governments and therefore appreciate the current efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration.
”We assure all our members that we shall not relent in ensuring that their interests and well-being receive adequate attentions and considerations at all time,” Oladiti said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - WERELDHAVE NV:
* FY NET PROFIT EUR 84.3 MILLION VERSUS EUR 120.8 MILLION YEAR AGO
* DIVIDEND PROPOSAL 2017 OF € 3.08 (FINAL DISTRIBUTION OF € 0.77)‍​
* OUTLOOK 2018: EPS BETWEEN € 3.30 AND € 3.40
* TOTAL RESULT: € 84.3M (2016: € 120.8M) ‍​
* DIVIDEND POLICY 2018 ONWARDS: 75%-85% OF EPS
* DIVIDEND FOR 2018 AT € 2.52 PER SHARE, € 0.63 PER QUARTER
* FY GROSS RENTAL INCOME OF EUR 223.4 MILLION
* ANTICIPATES A SLIGHT DECREASE OF THE DIRECT RESULT IN 2018
* FY TOTAL REVENUE EUR 264.3‍ MILLION VERSUS EUR 268.1 MILLION YEAR AGO​
* FY OPERATING RESULT EUR 111.8 MILLION VERSUS EUR 146.8 MILLION YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bengaluru: After keeping the ruling Congress on tenterhooks for several days, film star-turned-politician M H Ambareesh on Tuesday said they would not contest the 12 May assembly election, citing health reasons. "I cannot, I cannot do justice to my responsibilities...I have done my duty all these years...as I'm getting aged, my strength and interest have become weak," Ambareesh told reporters in Bengaluru.
The Congress announced Ambareesh's candidature from Mandya seat in the first list of candidates on 15 April, but they had not filed their nomination and remained incommunicado.
They conveyed their decision not to contest to the party leaders through their associate just hours before the deadline for filing of nominations ends today, party sources said.
Following Ambareeh's decision not to contest the polls, the Congress has issued its B-form (required to be filed by a political party mentioning the name of its approved candidate) to P Ravikumar Ganiga for the constituency.
Popularly known as the "rebel star", Ambareesh is a Vokkaliga leader and wields considerable clout in the Mandya region, where the community has a large presence. Noting they had undergone treatment four years ago in Singapore, they said, "It will be difficult. People would have kept faith in us...I will not be able to do things. When I know I can't it is good to remain silent."
The Congress sources said that the B-form was issued to Ambareesh at their residence, as they did not collect it from the party office. Ambareesh is said to be miffed with the party and chief minister Siddaramaiah as they were dropped from the ministry in 2016 during a major rejig of the cabinet.
The veteran actor was housing minister then. They said, "Siddaramaiah had removed me (from the cabinet). If I was not capable then, will I be made minister again? They won't. I will have to sit as an MLA because the people of Mandya will obviously vote and send me to assembly, because of their love towards me."
Asked whether they were still upset with the party and the chief minister for being dropped, they said, "I'm only saying I know my capability. What is being upset about it? Ambareesh is never upset."
By Annie Reuter
The Eagles have announced four new concert dates. The lineup for the short run will feature Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit with Frey's son, Deacon, and Vince Gill filling in for the late Glenn Frey.
Related: Vince Gill to Join Eagles for Classic East and West Shows
An Evening with the Eagles will stop at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina on October 17 followed by a show a Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. on October 20. The band will return to Louisville, Kentucky on October 24 at KFC Yum! Center before traveling to the late Glenn Frey's hometown of Detroit, Michigan on October 27 to wrap up the run at Little Caesars Arena.
Tickets for the four new dates go on sale at Saturday (Aug. 19) at 10 am. An American Express card member pre-sale starts on Tuesday while VIP packages will be available through Eagles.com.
The four new tour dates follow the success of the band's Classic West and East shows, earlier this summer. Deacon and Gill also played with the band for those shows.
“Bringing Deacon in was my idea,” Don Henley told the LA Times. “I think of the guild system, which in both Eastern and Western cultures is a centuries-old tradition of the father passing down the trade to their son, and to me, that makes perfect moral and ethical sense. The primary thing is I think Glenn would be good with it—with both of these guys. I think he'd go, ‘That's the perfect way to do this.'”
(CNN) – Saudis will soon be able to go to the movies for the first time more than 35 years.
From early next year, commercial movie theaters will be granted licenses, Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Culture and Information said in a statement on Monday. It expects the first cinemas to open their doors in March.
“This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the Kingdom,” Minister of Culture and Information Awwad Alawwad said in the statement.
Saudi Arabia is undergoing an economic overhaul under Vision 2030 — a blueprint for what the economy could look like over the next decade to reduce its reliance on oil.
The government hopes that opening movie theaters will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification, creating new employment opportunities and providing Saudis with a greater range of entertainment options.
There are currently very few entertainment attractions in the conservative society. Many Saudis visit neighboring countries for vacations and leisure time. The Saudi government wants more of them to spend their money at home.
And there are signs that some restrictions are already being relaxed under the country's crown prince, Mohammed Bin Salman, who has vowed to destroy “extremist ideologies” and return to “a more moderate Islam.”
Women are being given the right to drive, and from next year will be allowed to enter the country's biggest sporting venues. Men and women have already been mixing at major conferences, and the kingdom also hosted music concerts this year.
The Ministry of Culture said it plans to have 300 cinemas with more than 2000 screens by 2030. It was not immediately clear which movie genres will be shown, and whether men and women will be allowed to sit together.
Saudi Arabia is likely to turn to regional cinema operators as movies need to be subtitled in Arabic and censored to remove scenes of nudity and of a sexual nature.
Novo Cinemas, based in the United Arab Emirates, is already considering the opportunity.
“We are absolutely studying our options to enter the Saudi market… it's an important market,” CEO Debbie Kristiansen told CNNMoney.
Another UAE-based operator, VOX Cinemas, said in a statement it was looking forward to “working with the government to introduce VOX Cinemas' world class offering to Saudi Arabia in the months and years ahead.”
Vue International, which operates in Europe and Taiwan, described the chance to open theaters in Saudi Arabia as a “significant opportunity.”
Under Vision 2030, Saudi Arabia plans to pump a billion of dollars into entertainment projects and rev up its tourism sector. The government hopes that opening cinemas will contribute more than 90 billion riyals ($24 billion) to the economy and create tens of thousands of jobs.
Saudi Arabia has already announced plans to build resorts on about 100 miles of the Red Sea's sandy coastline, and wants to open Six Flags (SIX) theme park by 2022.
Former Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard has been appointed manager of Championship side Derby County, with the second-tier side announcing the 39-year-old had agreed to a three-year deal on Thursday.
Lampard, who was capped 106 times by England between 1999 and 2014, won three Premier League titles, four FA Cups and one Champions League with Chelsea, and will be taking their first steps into senior management by replacing Gary Rowett.
"I've always wanted to manage a club with a big tradition and history like Derby County, so this is a huge opportunity," Lampard told the club's website.
Lampard's move means that they did not wait long to follow former England teammate Steven Gerrard into management, with the ex-Liverpool midfielder taking charge at Scottish side Rangers earlier this month.
"We want to build on the club's top-six finish in the Championship last season, while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and academy talent we have at Pride Park," Lampard added.
"I'm delighted to have someone of Frank's caliber as our new manager," Derby executive chairperson Mel Morris said.
"Few players have achieved what Frank has in their career. He's a winner, a leader who knows what it takes to succeed and who has the character and charisma to be a fantastic manager."
Rowett guided two-times English champions Derby to the playoffs last season, where they were beaten 2-1 on aggregate by Fulham, who went on to earn promotion to Premier League.
The 44-year-old left Derby to take charge of Stoke City, who were relegated from the Premier League last season.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Christian Pulisic pulled the strings and Jozy Altidore grabbed a brace as the United States overran Panama 4-0 in Orlando on Friday to leave them on the verge of automatic qualification for next year's World Cup finals in Russia.
REUTERS: Christian Pulisic pulled the strings and Jozy Altidore grabbed a brace as the United States overran Panama 4-0 in Orlando on Friday to leave them on the verge of automatic qualification for next year's World Cup finals in Russia.
The victory lifted the United States into third place in the six-team CONCACAF group, above Panama, who started the day a point ahead of them.
A win in their final match against Trinidad and Tobago will likely be enough to see the United States through as Honduras would need to win both their remaining games and overturn a goal difference currently at 12.
Top team Mexico are already through from the North, Central American and Caribbean Confederation and second-placed Costa Rica need just a point from their final two matches to join them.
Costa Rica's scheduled qualifier with Honduras on Friday in San Jose was postponed until Saturday due to severe rainfall caused by tropical storm Nate.
The top three teams qualify automatically, while the fourth-placed side goes into a play-off against a team from the Asian confederation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Pulisic got the opener after eight minutes when they sprinted free of the defence and slotted the ball home from a tight angle after rounding the goalkeeper.
Altidore made it two 11 minutes later when they side-footed home an inviting low cross from Pulisic. The burly striker made it 3-0 just seconds before half time when they chipped home a penalty after Bobby Wood was upended in the box.
Wood got the goal their play deserved 18 minutes into the second half when they spun inside the box and fired past goalkeeper Jaime Penedo.
The United States should have scored more but profligate finishing and a fine performance from Penedo kept the score down.
(Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Two men charged in connection with a decades-long battle over a B.C. polygamist community are scheduled to begin a trial in Cranbrook today.
Winston Blackmore is accused of having two dozen wives over a 25 year period.
James Oler will face trial alongside Blackmore for allegedly marrying four women.
The legal battle dates back to the early 1990s when police first looked into allegations people in the religious community of Bountiful were practising multiple marriages.
In February, Brandon Blackmore and their former wife Emily Gail Blackmore were found guilty of taking a 13-year-old girl to the United States to be a child bride. James Oler was also facing charges but they were found not guilty in this case.
MUMBAI: Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli and Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma got married in Italy on Monday (Dec 11), they said in a statement, ending weeks of frenzied speculation that they were getting hitched.
"Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you," the celebrity couple said, adding that it had been a "beautiful day".
A statement sent to journalists said the wedding had been attended by close family and a few friends as "they wished their wedding to be a very private affair". The ceremony was performed according to Hindu rituals, it added.
Kohli and Sharma, both 29, posted different photos of themselves smiling together and dressed in colourful Indian wedding garb on their Twitter feeds late Monday.
The pastel pink outfits were created by acclaimed Indian fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee.
The statement added that the couple will host a reception in New Delhi for relatives on Dec 21, followed by a celebration in Mumbai on Dec 26 to be attended by Bollywood stars and cricketers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Afterwards, Sharma will accompany Kohli to South Africa where they will prepare for India's forthcoming tour there which is taking place early next year.
The statement added that after spending New Year's Eve together Sharma will return to Mumbai in the first week of January to resume their acting commitments.
They will live in Mumbai, the home of India's Hindi film industry, it said.
Last year, Kohli reportedly bought a luxury, sea-view apartment in the area for 340 million rupees (US$5.3 million).
'WEDDING OF THE YEAR'
The pair, dubbed "Virushka" by Indian media, is one of the highest profile couples in star-obsessed India.
Kohli is among the world's highest-paid athletes and a huge star in the cricket-mad nation, and Sharma is one of the top actores in the country's multi-billion-dollar film industry.
They started dating in 2013 after they met during the filming of a shampoo advert and made their first public appearance a year later during a football match.
India newspapers have been gripped by their four-year relationship, which included a reported break-up in early 2016, and rumours of their impending nuptials started swirling recently.
They were triggered when Kohli pulled out of India's limited-overs matches against Sri Lanka and Sharma also ducked out of their busy acting schedule in December.
Then last week Sharma and their family were seen at Mumbai's international airport, apparently heading for a European destination.
Kohli has smashed numerous records throughout their illustrious career and recently became the first batsman to score six double Test centuries as a captain.
Sharma's film credits include hit movies "Sultan" and "PK". They won a national Filmfare Award for their role in "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" (As Long as I Live).
Indian TV channels billed their vows as the "wedding of the year".
Stars from the world of Bollywood and cricket were quick to congratulate the new husband and wife.
"Many congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli on their wedding. God bless and welcome to the club!" tweeted actor Abhishek Bachchan who is married to actor and former Miss World Aishwarya Rai.
Many congratulations to @AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli on their wedding. God bless and welcome to the club! — Abhishek Bachchan (@juniorbachchan) December 11, 2017
"Congratulations and best wishes to the just married @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma. You both look wonderful together. #Virushka," Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar wrote on Twitter.
Congratulations and best wishes to the just married @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma. You both look wonderful together. #Virushka pic.twitter.com/DqcQN7GrpC — sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) December 11, 2017
REUTERS: Activist hedge fund Corvex Management owns shares in French food group Danone SA worth about US$400 million, viewing the world's largest yogurt maker as significantly undervalued, Bloomberg reported late on Monday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The New York-based hedge fund, run by Keith Meister, does not currently plan to publicly push for management changes or launch a proxy fight against the yogurt maker, though the stance could change, according to the report. (https://bloom.bg/2vVwxiE)
On Monday, Corvex warned of a proxy battle at another company, Energen Corp .
The maker of Activia yogurt and Evian water has recently been touted as a potential target by suitors or activist shareholders, given that the company's profits are below many of its peers and its sales have disappointed. Such a move at Danone would closely follow recent engagement by other activist shareholders at larger rivals Nestle SA and Procter & Gamble Co .
Officials for Corvex and Danone declined to comment.
Danone has not hired advisers to deal with Corvex as it believes the stake is too small to warrant a defense strategy, Financial Times reported, citing people close to the company. (http://on.ft.com/2vCE1o5)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Danone's listed American Depositary Receipts were up nearly 7 percent on Monday. Its Paris-listed shares had earlier closed up more than 2 percent, following a Sunday report from the New York Post citing someone saying Danone could be a takeover target, for the likes of Kraft Heinz Co or Coca-Cola Co .
That echoed similar assertions made recently by analysts such as those at Exane, who said in a June research note that the election of centrist President Emmanuel Macron could make a takeover more likely in a country that had traditionally resisted foreign takeovers of its companies.
In 2005 France dashed to the support of Danone in the face of a rumored bid from PepsiCo Inc , which never actually materialized. (http://reut.rs/2wHZQTw)
Danone Chief Executive Officer Emmanuel Faber has played down the takeover speculation, telling Reuters in June that the company, which has no large controlling shareholder, was "no more and no less than usual" vulnerable to a possible takeover bid.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Analysts have been speculating about activists' next target, following the June revelation that Dan Loeb's Third Point hedge fund had taken a US$3.5 billion stake in Nestle, urging it to more aggressively improve returns, and the campaign by Nelson Peltz at Procter & Gamble, where they are pushing for a board seat.
(Reporting by Bhanu Pratap in Bengaluru and Martinne Geller in London; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Lisa Shumaker)
Ayodele Fayose, governor of Ekiti state, says those who voted for President Muhammadu Buhari in the 2015 general election ought to beg God for forgiveness.
Alleging that Buhari has brought untold economic hardship and unprecedented level of insecurity upon Nigerians, Fayose said things would have been different if Buhari did not win.
They appealed to people to vote out the Progressives Congress (APC), saying the hardship that will befall the country if Buhari is re-elected is better imagined than experienced.
They spoke at the government house, Ado-Ekiti, capital of the state, on Monday while addressing representatives of teachers, local government workers and private sector operators who gathered en masse under the Oshoko Mass Movement (OMM), a political group.
According to Lere Olayinka, spokesperson of the governor, the people visited government house to endorse Kolapo Olusola, incumbent deputy governor and the preferred candidate of Fayose for the 2018 election.
They also criticised Kayode Fayemi, minister of mines and steel, for allegedly not using their office for the benefit of the state.
“There are natural deposits across Ekiti, President Muhammadu Buhari spent N40 billion searching for crude oil in the north, what is Fayemi doing to unearth the minerals that abound here?” they asked.
Fayose thanked Ekiti teachers and parents for making it possible for the state to take a big leap in the secondary education sector.
“Ekiti people are not cut out for pretence, power belongs to the people, you have shown by your action here today that they (Olusola) is the next governor of Ekiti state,” they said.
“Ekiti was at number 34 in 2014 WAEC, with the same set of teachers we came first in NECO in 2016 and 2017 back to back! God bless my teachers.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chiltern Harriers ' U13 girls took pride of place as the club ended their best ever Chiltern Cross Country League season with a huge haul of medals on Saturday.
Orla Williams, Abbie Henderson and Holly Henderson completed a clean sweep of gold silver and bronze overall following the final round. Unsurprisingly, they took team gold too.
There were individual golds too for Oakley Denson (U11 boys), Bex Nkoane (Vet 35 women), and Nick Hughes (Vet 40 men), while silvers went to Frankie Baxter (U11 girls), Robyn Watkins (U17 women), Kate Loach (Vet 55 women) and Nathan Hackley (U13 boys) and bronzes to Rosa Williams (U11 girls) and Woody Jackson (U13 boys).
There were team medals galore too, with the U11 girls, U11 boys and U13 boys adding to the U13 girls' gold, silvers for U15 boys, U20 men, senior women, and veteran women and bronze for U15 girls, U17men, junior women and veteran men. The club were second on the final day, nearly catching rivals Bedford & County for second place overall.
Baxter began a triumphant final day by claiming their second win of the season in the U11 girls. With Rosa Williams third and Lesedi Nkoane fourth they clinched a fifth straight win.
Denson's fourth league win in a row followed in the boys U11s where Max Baxter was third and Jamie Powell sixth, clinching a ninth successive team league win in this age-group.
Williams duly won the U13 girls where Holly Henderson was third and Abbie Henderson fourth. Aside from having a clean sweep of medallist in this age-group it should be noted club-mate Alicia Bushell was fourth overall.
Jackson racked up Harriers' fourth win of the day in the U13 boys where Hackley was third, Cormac Nisbet fourth and Tom Emery sixth to ensure a win on the day.
Bex Nkoane sealed their overall gold in the Vet 35 class with fifth in the senior women's race, while Hughes' gold in the vet 40 came after their 14th place in the senior men's event where the returning Allan Stewart finished 11th on the day.
Jane Williamson missed out on an individual medal by a single point after finishing fifth in the U15 girls event, but a team bronze provided some consolation.
The U15 boys weakened by school competition call ups in two of the earlier rounds confirmed team silver thanks to strong runs from Alex Aldred (3rd), Tommy Davies (5th) and Thomas Job (7th).
Watkins confirmed their silver overall with third on the final day in the Junior Women's, while Harry Cox's fourth place helped clinch team bronze for the U17 men.
This two-week cool spell has been an incredible mid-summer treat. For August so far, 2017 is the fifth coolest regarding our average high temperatures – the coolest in 20 years. Alas, this streak is finally coming to an end. The building heat will be made more intolerable due to the abundant moisture in the air thanks to recent widespread rainfall. The map below shows just how much rain has fallen since the beginning of the month. Eufaula, for example, has seen nearly a foot of rainfall, much of which fell in the past two days. Keep in mind, our area only averages about 3” for the entire month. This has certainly been an unusual August so far.
[img]
Moving forward, a warm front will usher in warmer readings in the days ahead with high temperatures at or above 90°. Thanks to humidity levels, those 90s will feel like the lower 100s each afternoon as you see below. However, the active weather pattern does not end. Small waves in the jet stream will continue to interact with that frontal boundary re-forming to our north. As it does so, several more rounds of rain and storms appear likely starting again Wednesday. This may be repeated again Thursday night and Friday night into those following mornings. Given the timing of these storms, they aren't likely to have a major impact on us warming into the 90s each afternoon. However, any additional heavy rain on our saturated soils could cause flooding. In fact, as the map below shows, the next week may offer another couple inches of rain for northeast Oklahoma.
[img]
[img]
The big question on many a mind in this region: will the skies clear up to view the much-anticipated solar eclipse next Monday? The recent trends in our computer models are more promising. As an upper-level ridge in the jet stream strengthens over the Southern Plains starting this weekend, the storm track adjusts well to our north and east. While daily cumulus cloud development is likely, widespread areas of rain and storms are not. Our confidence is growing even though we are still a week away. Below is a computer model depiction of cloud cover with the track of the total eclipse super-imposed. For now, the timing of fast-moving storm systems in the jet stream seems to favor clearer skies to our north while it might cloud up closer to the mid-Mississippi river valley. If you're traveling to this path, stay closely tuned into the forecasts as you will not be thrilled to have cloudy skies spoil this rare and remarkable event.
[img]
Aside from local weather and the upcoming celestial event, the Tropics are heating up again. Tropical Storm Gert is spinning offshore of the East Coast. This will fortunately be a “fish storm,” remaining well out at sea. However, more waves will continue to slide over favorable waters of the Atlantic. There are lots of indications those could become named storms in the next week, taking a more southerly path into the Caribbean. It's common to see the Tropics really flare up between now and Labor Day as we enter into the prime window of time for hurricane formation given the warm waters and favorable wind fields. Fortunately, nothing appears to directly threaten the U.S. shorelines for any of your end-of-summer beach vacations in the next week or more.
For more weather updates, be sure to follow me on Twitter: @GroganontheGO and like my Facebook Page!
A gunman opened fire on Wednesday on Republican U.S. lawmakers practicing near Washington for a charity baseball game, wounding senior Republican leader Steve Scalise and several others before being fatally shot by police.
ALEXANDRIA, Va.: A gunman opened fire on Wednesday on Republican U.S. lawmakers practicing near Washington for a charity baseball game, wounding senior Republican leader Steve Scalise and several others before being fatally shot by police.
The shooter fired repeatedly with a rifle at the baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, before being wounded in a gunfight with Capitol Hill police who were at the scene, lawmakers said.
Scalise, No. 3 in the House of Representatives Republican leadership, was shot in the hip. They were tended to by fellow lawmakers including Brad Wenstrup, an Ohio member of congress who is a physician, before being transported to a hospital.
Also wounded were one current congressional staffer and one former staffer. Two Capitol Hill police officers were hospitalized after the incident but it was not clear if both were wounded by gunfire.
The gunman, identified by a senior U.S. official as James Hodgkinson from the St. Louis suburb of Belleville, Illinois, died of their injuries. Media reports said Hodgkinson, 66, owned a home inspection business.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their social media presence indicated they were strongly opposed to Republicans, including President Donald Trump. Police and the FBI said it was too early to determine a motive in the shooting or whether the attack was an attempted political assassination.
Trump announced the gunman's death and called Scalise, a 51-year-old Louisiana member of congress, a good friend. Speaking at the White House, Trump said Scalise was "badly injured" but in stable condition and would recover.
"He's a patriot and he's a fighter. They will recover from this assault," Trump said.
Trump, who has been in office since January, also called for unity at a time of sharp political divides in America, saying, "We are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good."
Hodgkinson had raged against Trump on social media and was a member of many anti-Republican groups on Facebook including "The Road to Hell Is Paved With Republicans," "Terminate The Republican Party," and "Donald Trump is not my President," a search of what appeared to be their profile showed.
Some 25 to 30 Republican members of the House and Senate had gathered for an early morning practice a day before the annual charity congressional baseball game pitting Republicans against Democrats, said Representative Mo Brooks of Alabama. The game is scheduled to be played at Nationals Park, home of the Washington Nationals Major League baseball team.
Two lawmakers who were at the scene, Representatives Ron DeSantis and Jeff Duncan, indicated there might have been a political motive in the attack.
Duncan said that as they left the field the man who would later open fire approached them in the parking lot. "He asked me who was practicing this morning, Republicans or Democrats, and I said. 'That's the Republicans practicing," Duncan told reporters.
DeSantis gave a similar account.
Brooks said the shooter said nothing during the rampage.
The shooting took place at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in the Del Ray neighbourhood of Alexandria, which is across the Potomac River from Washington.
'HEROISM' OF POLICE
Brooks told CNN that during batting practice they heard a "bam" and then a quick succession of shots and saw the gunman shooting through the holes in a chain link fence.
When Scalise was shot they went down on the infield between first and second base, then dragged themselves into the grassy outfield as the incident unfolded, leaving a trail of blood, Brooks said.
Two Capitol police officers who were at the scene to provide security for the lawmakers engaged the gunman with pistols, Brooks said, adding both the officers were wounded.
"But for the Capitol police and the heroism they showed, it could very well have been a large-scale massacre. All we would have had would have been baseball bats versus a rifle. Those aren't good odds," Brooks said.
Brooks estimated that there were 50 to 100 shots fired.
The shooting was certain to raise again the contentious issue of gun violence in the United States.
At a news conference near the scene of the shooting, Virginia's Democratic governor, Terry McAuliffe, urged gun control measures. "This is not what today is about, but there are too many guns on the street," McAuliffe said, citing a statistic that 93 Americans are killed with guns daily.
Scalise has been a strong opponent of gun control measures and has earned an "A+" rating from the National Rifle Association - the influential lobby for expanding gun ownership rights. They have co-sponsored legislation to weaken gun control laws in the District of Columbia.
Wednesday's incident was the first shooting of a member of the U.S. Congress since January 2011, when Democratic Representative Gabby Giffords was seriously wounded in an assassination attempt at a gathering of their constituents in Tucson, Arizona.
They survived, but six people were killed. Giffords resigned from Congress and became an activist for gun restrictions.
(Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell, Richard Cowan, Patricia Zengerle, Julia Edwards Ainsley, Doina Chiacu and Susan Heavey in Washington and Gina Cherelus in New York; Writing by Will Dunham; Editing by Frances Kerry)
In a video shared online, a man in black t-shirt was seen throwing a bicycle with the ofo logo down from a height.
SINGAPORE: Bicycle sharing start-up ofo on Thursday (Jun 15) confirmed it has lodged a police report, after a video showing a man throwing one of its bicycles down from a high floor of what looked like a Housing and Development Board (HDB) block surfaced online.
Channel NewsAsia understands the incident took place at Block 116B Jalan Tenteram.
The video was posted on Vimeo on Thursday morning and was subsequently shared widely after being posted on discussion platform Reddit.
In the video, a male voice could be heard in the background saying: "This is not my fault, I swear to god", while another man, clad in a black t-shirt, picked up a bicycle with the ofo logo and threw it down from a height.
Responding to queries from Channel NewsAsia, Ms Angela Cai, the global public relations lead for ofo, said: "This is something that goes beyond vandalism and poses a great threat to people's safety. We will not tolerate this and will work with the police and make sure justice is served."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The police confirmed that a report had been lodged, and said that investigations are ongoing.
By Cassie Galasetti
Volunteering is one of the most rewarding things a young person can do. It can teach new life skills, improve mental and physical health, and maybe even help make a new friend or two along the way.
By lending a helping hand to those in need, you not only change your life, but the lives of others in your community. At a young age, all of these benefits can make for a well-rounded individual. Jessalynn Moro is president of an organization in Oceanport called KidsGive that was started to provide kids and their families a way to work together for the good of the community.
Moro explains the benefits of youth volunteers: “Volunteering provides a tangible way for kids to connect to the world around them and see that they have the power to affect positive change. It doesn't matter what type of volunteering they do; working in the service of those in need teaches perspective, gratitude and responsibility.” To that end, here are five kid-friendly places to volunteer in our area:
Riverview offers a youth volunteer program for many different areas of the hospital. This type of environment will give real-world experience by not only aiding others but helping to improve self-worth. And who knows, volunteering in a hospital could inspire your child to become the next successful doctor or physician.
Clean Ocean Action invites volunteers of all ages to help rid beaches and waterways of unsightly and harmful debris. This is a great way for kids to learn about our shores and begin to learn how litter affects fish, whales, birds and other wildlife. Clean Ocean Action coordinates sweeps all over Monmouth County, including Atlantic Highlands, Sandy Hook, Sea Bright, Red Bank and Rumson.
In Monmouth County alone we have close to 40 different parks, spanning 301,804 acres. The park systems offer a junior volunteer program (ages 14-17) as well as group volunteers (ages 13 and younger) for those who sign up with church organizations, Boys and Girls Scouts and more. Kids can volunteer by cleaning up parks, planting and even helping at theater performances and demonstrations at farm and historic sites.
Second Life Bikes in Asbury Park is nonprofit organization offering a bike-earning program for children, as well as affordable bike sales and repairs. What's amazing about this organization is children can learn a new skill as well as see a project through to completion. Youth are asked to put in 15 hours of volunteer time and in exchange, will receive a bike of their own or help fix a bike for someone else in need.
At the Middletown Public Library youth volunteers can perform a variety of different tasks from bookshelf maintenance to seasonal projects throughout the year. Having a regular volunteer schedule can help encourage reading and meeting new people in the community. Many local libraries have similar programs.
Looking for more ideas? KidsGive will host its first event, Love 4 Lunch Break on Feb. 11 where representatives will be collecting donations, sorting, creating valentine-themed care packages and delivering all items to Lunch Break in Red Bank.
This article was first published in the Jan. 25-Feb. 1, 2018 print edition of The Two River Times.
A Cape Town mother will have to wait a week for their bail application to determine whether they will be able to attend the funeral of their youngest son.
Abigail Ruiters, 30, and their boyfriend Ameeruddien Peters, 26, appeared in the Cape Town Magistrate's Court on Wednesday following the death of 18-month-old Jeremiah Ruiters.
The couple were remanded in custody for a bail application on June 21.
Ruiters' father, Pastor Ronald Ruiters, said on Wednesday they would visit their daughter at Pollsmoor prison to discuss the funeral of their grandson and whether they want the family to wait for their possible release so they can see their baby boy being buried.
Ruiters has been charged under the Children's Act, and Peters has been charged with murder after the toddler died of serious injuries to their head and body on Monday.
The couple lived together with their three children.
After seeing their daughter in the dock, a tearful Ruiters said they hoped Abigail would be released on bail as they raised their children on their own.
“She went for somebody who they thought could be a father figure to their [children],” Ruiters said.
“Even though she's my daughter, where child negligence is concerned, the law must take its course.”
‘Loving child'
Ruiters has officiated at a number of funerals for young victims of violent crimes, including Celine Cowley, 4, who was sexually assaulted and stabbed in Ravensmead in August 2006, and Nadine Jantjies, 7, who was raped and strangled in Wesbank in 2009.
“How do I feel? This is my very own blood. I am not okay – I am destroyed.
“How can one [allegedly]kill a child that you raised? You are supposed to love them.”
Peters was rumoured to have married Ruiters according to Muslim rites, but their father said they couldn't confirm this as they hadn't been invited.
They had been in a relationship for about a year.
“He is a silent guy, someone who would pretend he's okay. They pretended to be a great person.”
Their grandson was a loving child, Ruiters recalled fondly.
“Jeremiah always smiled when I held him. They were okay when I went there.”
Previous hospitalisation
Three months ago, the toddler was hospitalised after they broke their arm.
Ruiters claimed the Department of Social Services had visited the house once following the incident and questioned the family.
They, however, “did not act”.
“They left it just like that. If they had done their work, I think Jeremiah could still have lived.”
Sihle Ngobese, spokesperson for MEC for Social Development Albert Fritz, refuted that contact had only been made once.
“Social workers held regular contact with the family, and conducted home visits after the child had been hospitalised on two previous occasions,” they said.
“However there was no evidence at that time of abuse from the family, and social workers can only act and intervene on evidence available to them.”
Ngobese condemned Jeremiah's murder as a “cruel act”.
“This matter once again raises the importance of the family as being the first line of defence for children, as government cannot be in every household all the time. We call on our partners, the South African Police Service and the National Prosecuting Authority, to put forward strong cases and secure convictions.”
[Source: news24]
Comments
comments
Zijie Wang, 26, is in custody after allegedly putting dangerous chemicals in their former roommate's food and water.
The investigation started at the end of January when the victim reported Wang to Queen's University and to Kingston police.
Investigators were called to the university to meet with the security department. Police say a Queen's graduate student noticed their lunch and water tasted bitter and they kept vomiting. After watching this pattern for several weeks, the victim reported Wang for allegedly poisoning him.
The victim then taped Wang which allegedly saw them putting a clear substance in the area where the victim's lunch was kept. Kingston police arrested them the same day at their home.
READ MORE: Kingston man arrested again after fellow Queen's student poisoned
Kingston police investigator Jim Veltman says, “The victim of the poisoning had been feeling ill consuming water and food and suspected that somebody was behind it.”
Wang was charged with administering a noxious chemical and assault. They were released by the court, against the advice of Kingston police.
More recently, investigators received a complete forensic report, which determined the chemicals allegedly used by Wang were highly volatile with dangerous side effects.
One of the substances is lethal and isn't even found in North America, authorities said. Another is used as a starting fluid for engines.
After receiving the forensic results, Kingston police arrested Wang again, with new charges.
“The two new charges that Mr. Wang is facing are aggravated assault and criminal negligence,” said Veltman.
READ MORE: Man charged with poisoning fellow graduate student's food and drinks in Kingston: police
Wang attended a bail hearing on Monday and remains in custody. Wang worked in the food delivery industry, and police say the former roommate was the only alleged victim.
The victim has sought medical attention and their condition is unknown at this time.
Rafa Nadal produced an assured display to beat big-serving American John Isner 6-4 7-6(0) at the China Open on Friday and set up a semi-final clash with third seed Grigor Dimitrov.
REUTERS: Rafa Nadal produced an assured display to beat big-serving American John Isner 6-4 7-6(0) at the China Open on Friday and set up a semi-final clash with third seed Grigor Dimitrov.
The top-seeded Spaniard eased to their 59th victory of the year, breaking sixth seed Isner at 5-4 and holding their nerve to sweep a second-set tiebreak.
"I think I played a solid match," Nadal said. "I played very well, changing good directions... I think on return I did well.
"It's an important victory for me, of course, against a player that arrived here playing so well, winning two great matches. For me it's an important one and I'm very happy."
Dimitrov had to dig deep after being pushed hard in their quarter-final against Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut, but held out to beat the fifth seed 7-6(5) 4-6 6-2 in two hours and 29 minutes.
Dimitrov and Nadal have met on nine previous occasions - of which the Spaniard has won eight - but the Bulgarian's only victory over the world number one came in the Beijing quarter-finals last year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"He is a player that I really like, a good friend on the tour," Nadal added. "I think Grigor is a player always with a great attitude, with a positive character. I'm happy for them that he's having a good year.
"Tomorrow will be a tough one, for sure. He's playing well."
Dimitrov's victory kept them in the hunt for a spot in next month's ATP Finals, and the 26-year-old stayed fifth in the Race to London rankings but has closed the gap on fourth-placed Austrian Dominic Thiem to 440 points.
Australian Nick Kyrgios sent down 12 aces against qualifier Steve Darcis, winning the first set 6-0 and going 3-0 up in the second before the Belgian retired due to injury.
Kyrgios, seeded eighth in China, will face second seed Alexander Zverev in the last four after the German ended Russian teenager Andrey Rublev's impressive run with a routine 6-2 6-3 victory.
(Writing by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol has come up top in a ranking of cities that offer the most to home buyers.
New research into the key selling points of 26 UK cities has revealed that Bristol is the top property market hotspot of 2018.
The news comes as online home buying company We Buy Any Home reveals The Selling Points Index 2018, which found the UK cities which are the most desirable for buyers and offer the best conditions for sellers to get a good price.
Cities were scored on a number of factors including employment rate, good schools, A&E wait times and how quick houses took to sell.
Bristol topped the class this year thanks to its high employment rate and average salary figures. The city also performed well from a sales perspective, with a low average property sale time of 61 days.
Elliot Castle, founder and CEO at We Buy Any Home, said: “We wanted to highlight the areas of the country which are the most desirable for buyers and offer the best conditions for sellers to get a good price.
“We also wanted to make our index as comprehensive as possible and so took into consideration a variety of factors that really matter to both buyers and sellers.
“Bristol scored well across the board, offering a high quality of living in several areas.
“The southwest of England has been a popular region for property, and it looks like this trend is likely to continue.”
The city's closest neighbour, Bath, didn't fair quite as well, coming 19th on the list of 26.
Despite being the best area for low burglary rates, the Georgian hotspot failed to impress on A&E targets and affordable houses.
Here are Bristol's statistics:
Key Data Sets Position in Index for particular data set Research Findings Employment Rate 1st 76.8% The average sale time of a property 3rd 61 days Average wage/earnings 3rd £28,187 The number of outstanding OFSTED rated schools in the area 5th 23 The A&E target ratings of the local NHS Trust 9th 90.80% Burglary rate 14th 4.7 Average House Price 22nd £272,685
And this is how other cities in the UK fared:
1. Bristol
2. Southampton
3. Cambridge
4. Stoke on Trent
5. Edinburgh
6. Glasgow
7. Newcastle
8. Plymouth
9. Birmingham
10. Manchester
Turkish Voters Narrowly Approve Referendum To Expand Presidential Powers
Audio will be available later today.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won a referendum, giving them more power, by a narrow margin on Sunday. The opposition is demanding a recount of some ballots.
Share 0
BY ARIEL HERNANDEZ
A woman's body was found floating in the water near Astoria Park this weekend, police said.
Police said that they responded to a call around 11:13 a.m. on Sunday regarding a body being spotted in the East River near the park.
Upon arrival, police found that the woman, whose name has not yet been released, was unconscious and unresponsive. Police said that the woman was fully clothed and there were no signs of trauma to their body.
The medical examiner will determine the cause of death of the unidentified woman and the investigation is ongoing.
In the minds of Indian audience, Disney's musical Aladdin is the Broadway version of a Sooraj Barjatya film -- a wholesome family entertainer. Therefore, it is not surprising at all that tiny tots have been waddling down the red carpet at NCPA, Mumbai with their parents and grandparents to watch the show for the past few days. Nearly all Aladdin shows are sold out already. In fact, a few new ones were also recently added.Aladdin, the 2011 Broadway musical which was adapted from the 1992 Disney film for the stage has undergone several transformations to suit the Indian audience's taste and sensibility before it premiered in Mumbai.A really good decision on the part of the makers was to make the production bilingual. In Aladdin, we are introduced to a Hindi speaking genie, who elicits maximum kiddie-crowd-laughs. Another good call was to include several desi references that are instant crowd-pleasers. There is a scene where Aladdin and their friends have been taken captive and they call genie for help. Instead of genie showing up, Al's call goes to a genie service helpline that goes, "For English press one. Hindi ke liye do dabayen." (You see what I'm saying).The story of Aladdin is the same. For those who still need a refresher, the fable goes that poor but big-hearted pickpocket Aladdin or Al (Taaruk Raina) falls for the beautiful princess of Agrabah, Jasmine (Kira). However, the wazir of Agrabah's sultanate, Jafar (Vikrant Chaturvedi) wouldn't allow them to unite. A kind fun loving genie comes to the rescue of the lovebirds and like in all fairytales, Aladdin and Jasmine live happily-ever-after. (Please don't say this is a spoiler)This hallowed fable from Arabian Nights, which Disney has presented in many new flashy garbs over the past few decades should be old by now but in its Indian Broadway avatar, it appears to be a charming, spirited tale of love. There are many saccharine induced moments to give kids in the audience a magical fairy tale experience. However, some witty, wise-cracking comments every now and then also keep the chaperones of those kids engaged and interested.Kira as Jasmine is unaffected and graceful. Them acting chops, in fact, are far superior to Courtney Reed's who had played the same character in Aladdin's US Broadway version. Jasmine is perhaps one of those few Disney princesses who have championed women empowerment before Frozen, Tangled and Brave were born.In the Broadway version too, Kira's Jasmine is rebellious and smart.  They are beautiful and loves to speak their mind and refuses to be married to any Tom, Dick, or Hassim. In their comparison, Raina's Aladdin seems bland. Despite being a good dancer they labor to carry the story forward and it isn't until the genie, played brilliantly by Mantra arrives, that the show gets interesting.It's a hard act to follow on the footsteps of James Monroe Iglehart who played the role of the genie in Aladdin's US production and often left the audience giddy with laughter and even received standing ovations. However, Mantra successfully wears their genie shoes. Mantra's genie has a commanding yet affable stage presence and they have the lion's share of crowd-pleasing jokes in the show. Dhruv Lohumi's Iago is also funny with their vinegar laced sarcasm. Deven Khote's Sultan deserves a special mention for just being adorable.One disappointment from the show is that none of the members of the Indian cast are particularly good singers. Broadways are often characterized by live singing and a big part of the fun is to watch the characters in front of you sing and dance. Unfortunately, most singers in the Indian version of Aladdin do not have the kind of voice which could do a lot of variations with different songs.Anyhow, what they lack in talent they make up for with enthusiasm. Wonderfully choreographed by Bertwin Ravi D'Souza and Shampa Gopikrishna, from the main characters to the ensemble cast, everyone effortlessly glides on the stage.Most praises, however, should be reserved for director Shruti Sharma and the Hindi adapter of the script, Ravindran Achariya, who hits the sweet spot between adding local flavors and staying honest to the original script. The Indian version of Aladdin is almost a scene-by-scene reenactment of the US production with songs like A Whole New World, Diamond in the Rough and Friend Like Me being featured, as well. However, they manage to Indianize it without losing any of Disney's trademark magic.The stage of Jamshedpur Bhabha Theatre (at NCPA, Mumbai) isn't particularly big, but the set created on it is in no way inferior to that of a world-class Broadway stage. The technical team also recreated Agrabah, the palace, the treasure cave as well as a FLYING magic carpet (yes, it actually flies) beautifully. The show, in fact, is so grand and opulent that it can give Sanjay Leela Bhansali an inferiority complex.India isn't completely new to Broadway. Before Aladdin, Disney's first production, Beauty and the Beast was a phenomenal success. In fact, we also had our very own Broadway-styled musical with Mughal-e-Azam. However, with Aladdin, it seems like India has wholeheartedly embraced Broadway and more importantly international productions have found a way to the hearts of Indian audience.Disney's Aladdin is definitely worth an experience that your kids and you should have.(Shows of Disney's Aladdin, a Broadway-styled musical are currently being held at Mumbai's National Centre for the Performing Arts.)
John Burg is here from the Glenwood Springs Community Concert Association getting ready for the 70th season. The first season was from 1947-1948.
Like this: Like Loading...
New Delhi: There have been buzz for so long that Rahul Gandhi will head the Congress party very soon. But there is a twist in the story.
According to party sources, at the August 8 meeting of the Working Committee (CWC), party president Sonia Gandhi floated name of Priyanka Gandhi as well.
Rahul not attended the meeting because of viral fever.
Up till now, Priyanka Gandhi has restrained themselves to Rae Bareli and Amethi, staying away from active politics and only making its presence felt at the time of campaigns.
The family too has dismissed queries regarding a possible elevation for Priyanka.
But things are changing.
The CWC is in support of Priyanka's promotion.
Lots of them are of the view that a young face is the need of the hour, who can create a direct linkage with fresh voters.
After losing so many battles in the recent years, Congress desperately require a new lease of life.
1. Vehicle Option
Trim
Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow
Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White
Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month
Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte insisted they remain the best man to lead the Londoners despite an alarming dip in form from the Premier League champions in their second season in charge.
Wednesday's shock 3-0 home defeat to Bournemouth left Chelsea down in fourth, 18 points off runaway league leaders Manchester City, and fighting just to qualify for next season's Champions League.
Conte has also repeatedly voiced their frustrations at their lack of input over the club's transfer policy, further fuelling speculation they won't remain in charge at Stamford Bridge beyond the end of the season.
“I trust in my work and this is the only way that brought me to be one of the best managers,” said Conte, who won three Serie A titles in a glorious three-year spell in charge at Juventus.
“I don't trust in anything else, only in my work and my job.”
Conte labelled their preparations for Wednesday's defeat as “disastrous” as Chelsea finally landed Olivier Giroud from Arsenal as a striking alternative to the injured Alvaro Morata, whilst the out of favour Michy Batshuayi was allowed to join Borussia Dortmund.
However, Conte is wary of throwing Giroud straight into their starting line-up for Monday night's trip to Watford.
“We are working with them and we have to check their physical condition. It won't be easy for them to start against Watford,” added Conte.
SINGAPORE: Three British men accused of raping an intoxicated, unconscious woman at the Carlton Hotel last September were on Tuesday (Aug 15) sentenced to between five-and-a-half and six-and-a-half years' jail.
Khong Tam Thanh, 22, was sentenced to six years' jail and eight strokes of the cane. Vu Thai Son, 24, was given six-and-a-half years' jail and eight strokes of the cane. Both were convicted of two charges each - aggravated outrage of modesty and for molesting the victim.
Michael Le, 24, was sentenced to five-and-a-half years' jail and five strokes of the cane. They were convicted of one count of aggravated outrage of modesty.
Prosecutors had asked for seven years' jail and caning for Khong and Vu, and six years' jail and caning for Le.
The trio pleaded guilty to reduced charges of aggravated outrage of modesty on Monday.
0
In light of all of the hullaballoo around the behind-the-scenes drama that Solo has weathered, star Alden Ehrenreich is speaking out to set the record straight. In an interview with Esquire, Ehrenreich first addressed some of the controversy around the ousting of Solo's original directors, Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, explaining their approach to the material:
“From the first screen test on, we played around with it a lot. We tried a lot of different things, rethinking behind the scenes. That was yielding a different movie than the other factions wanted. I knew what I was doing, but in terms of what that adds up to, you're so in the dark as an actor. You don't know what it's shaping up to be, how they're editing it, so it's kind of impossible without having seen those things to know what the difference [of opinion] was, or exactly what created those differences.”
That method was one that wasn't preferred by Lucasfilm's Kathleen Kennedy, though Ehrenreich suggests to Esquire that they had no idea things were as bad as was later reported. “The actors are at the kids' table, unless you're also a producer of the movie. So you're really kept out of all the backroom dynamics of what was going on,” they said. Ehrenreich also mentions that they personally had a good relationship with the directors, and that their leaving was emotional — and that there is no truth to the rumor that the cast and crew broke into applause when the announcement of Lord and Miller's departure was made: “That's bullshit. For a crew to do that would mean they hated [Lord and Miller], which was not by any stretch the case.”
As for all of that talk of them having an acting coach brought in, Ehrenreich clarified that, “[Writer-director Maggie Kiley] was part of conversations that happened for a couple weeks at one point, but that was basically it.” Also, that Kiley was a resource for the entire cast.
Ehrenreich was also quick to praise new Solo director Ron Howard for righting the ship, explaining how Howard was able to get everyone enthusiast about the movie again after so much turmoil
“Everybody's hackles are raised a bit, and Ron had this ability to come in and deal with morale and get everybody enthusiastic about, A, what we'd already shot, because I think their feeling was that a lot of what we'd already done was really good, and, B, the direction for the next piece of it. They knew how to navigate a tricky situation, and almost from the first or second day everybody pretty quickly recharged and got excited again about the movie.”
Finally, Ehrenreich also mentioned that they had signed on for three films, then stating, “I don't know if that's officially, uh, public. But — yeah.” It opens the door (unsurprisingly) for more prequel-sequels, though it's worth keeping in mind that Rogue One's Felicity Jones also signed on for three films when they were making that movie, even though a direct sequel is not happening.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Bishop John Barres baptizes a woman during the Easter Vigil at St. Agnes Cathedral. Ed Casey photo. Visit our Facebook page for more photos.
WASHINGTON (CNS) — During what the Roman Missal describes as the “mother of all vigils,” the U.S. Catholic Church welcomed thousands of new Catholics at the Easter Vigil April 15 in churches big and small across the country.
About 60 of the nearly 200 dioceses in the United States reported numbers of catechumens and candidates entering the church in 2017 to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops in Washington. The Diocese of Rockville Centre reported 232 catechumens and 327 candidates.
Catechumens receive the sacraments of initiation — baptism, confirmation and first Communion — during the Easter Vigil, having prepared for this moment through the Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults. Candidates, who are already baptized, also go through the preparation program to receive confirmation and first Communion to enter full communion with the church.
The Archdiocese of Los Angeles, the largest diocese in the United States, welcomed 1,756 catechumens and 938 candidates, while the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston reported 1,667 catechumens and 708 candidates. The Archdiocese of Seattle had 679 catechumens and 409 candidates, the Archdiocese of Miami had 524 catechumens and 214 candidates, and the Archdiocese of Washington reported 483 catechumens and 698 candidates.
Not far behind was the Diocese of Brooklyn, New York, which reported 387 catechumens and 528 candidates. The Tablet, Brooklyn's diocesan newspaper, said that the numbers of new Catholics entering the church and those seeking full communion in the church were so staggering that the diocese had to hold two different ceremonies for the Rite of Election in early March.
On Holy Saturday, at the Basilica of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Brooklyn, the “greatest and most noble of all solemnities” took a little longer than usual this year. In addition to the dramatic symbols of light and the seven Old Testament readings, 52 catechumens and 25 candidates were welcomed into the church.
“Now that I am an adult, I better understand my call to faith. I have a responsibility to cooperate with my faith in God,” said Kari Morales, a native of Mexico, who was joining the church at Easter. “I've heard a lot of misconceptions about the church,” added Morales, a psychologist at a public school. “There's a lot of negativity out there. The period of preparation opened my eyes to the truth.”
In the Diocese of Rochester, New York, the RCIA involvement of Dan and Michaela Cady — along with their sons Aidan, 15, Solas, 12, and Merritt, 10 — was spurred by a family tragedy. Two years ago, their daughter and sister Kennis, then 12, died unexpectedly.
“It just turned our heads about life,” Dan Cady said. They added that their family was grateful for the support it received from the staff of St. Jerome Parish in East Rochester, and from there opted to pursue RCIA. Dan said they were confident that their daughter was watching over the family as they continue on their faith journey.
“We would like to think it's orchestrated by her,” they said. Some of the family members received the sacraments this year, and others will next year. Overall, the Diocese of Rochester this year reported 96 catechumens and 149 candidates.
Elsewhere in New York state the Diocese of Buffalo had 56 catechumens and 105 candidates;and the Diocese of Syracuse had 49 catechumens and 70 candidates.
Jarrid Perusse of Most Precious Blood Parish in Oviedo, Florida, said that while they were in Orlando, Florida, they “got saved on a porch” during a summer internship as a door-to-door salesperson. They realized that God was reaching out to him, and “it was my turn to start reaching back,” Perusse said.
In the Diocese of Grand Rapids, Michigan, 175 catechumens and 249 candidates received the sacraments. Among them, Mac, 90, and Barb Harless, 85, joined the church this Easter after finding their parish, St. John Paul II Church in Cedar Springs, Michigan, to be a source of prayer, peace and hope during Barb's battle with cancer.
Other archdioceses reported the following totals: Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis, 201 catechumens and 623 candidates; Archdiocese of Philadelphia, 235 catechumens and 322 candidates; Archdiocese of Louisville, Kentucky, 227 catechumens and 279 candidates; Archdiocese of Oklahoma City, 290 catechumens and 368 candidates; Archdiocese of San Francisco, 174 catechumens and 207 candidates; Archdiocese of Newark, New Jersey, 499 catechumens and 693 candidates; and the Archdiocese of Dubuque, Iowa, 63 catechumens and 94 candidates.
In California, the Diocese of Stockton welcomed 284 candidates and 532 catechumens; the Diocese of Oakland, 176 catechumens and 376 candidates; the Diocese of San Diego, 333 catechumens and 635 candidates; the Diocese of Fresno, 593 catechumens and 56 candidates; and the Diocese of San Jose, 496 catechumens and candidates.
In Florida, the Diocese of St. Petersburg had 456 catechumens and 514 candidates; the Diocese of Orlando, 586 catechumens and candidates; and the Diocese of Palm Beach, 147 catechumens and 474 candidates.
Other dioceses reporting hundreds of catechumens and candidates included: Diocese of Dallas, 945 catechumens and 1,230 candidates; Diocese of Little Rock, Arkansas, 252 catechumens and 324 candidates; Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend, Indiana, 187 catechumens and 208 candidates; Diocese of Salt Lake City, 273 catechumens and 153 candidates; Diocese of Trenton, New Jersey, 200 catechumens and 508 candidates; Diocese of Charleston, South Carolina, 160 catechumens and 317 candidates; Diocese of Bridgeport, Connecticut, 78 catechumens and 241 candidates; Diocese of Jefferson City, Missouri, 106 catechumens and 172 candidates; Diocese of Tucson, Arizona, 111 candidates and 209 catechumens; Diocese of Youngstown, Ohio, 97 catechumens and 130 candidates; Diocese of Worcester, Massachusetts, 114 catechumens and 101 candidates; Diocese of Manchester, New Hampshire, 95 candidates and 67 catechumens; Diocese of Belleville, Illinois, 54 catechumens and 120 candidates; the Diocese of Duluth, Minnesota, 11 catechumens and 69 candidates.
Lorraine viewers were pretty brutal about the new line up
S Club 7 broke our hearts back in 2003 when they announced the sad news they were splitting.
We're still not over it…
So when we heard they were back with a brand-new single 14 years later, we thought about digging out our old posters and throwing a MASSIVE S Club reunion party.
Complete with Don't Stop Movin' on repeat and a screening of Seeing Double, obviously…
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
But despite the exciting news, fans of the noughties pop group were left disappointed when only three members appeared on Lorraine on Monday morning to promote their musical comeback.
The notably reduced line-up – renamed SC3 – featured singers Tina Barrett, 41, Jo O'Meara, 38, and Bradley McIntosh, 36 – while Rachel Stevens, Hannah Spearritt, Jon Lee and Paul Cattermole were nowhere to be seen.
And as the three-some sat down on the morning telly show to discuss their new track Family – which is being released on behalf of children's charity Rainbows – viewers at home weren't exactly impressed.
MORE: Hannah Spearritt BLASTS ‘tragic' S Club 7 ex Paul Cattermole for claiming they dumped them for their career
‘Jo and Bradley need to stop recycling through the other members of S Club and calling it S Club 3', said one.
While a second added: ‘S Club 3, the reunion we've all been waiting for… NOT lol!!'
And they weren't the only ones…
Err… ouch!
Despite the negative reaction, the threesome have been enjoying a string of tour dates across the UK.
>And while the other four members are too busy to join them (y'know with Hannah recently joining the cast of EastEnders and getting into a social media spat with their ex, Paul) – Bradley, Jo and Tina told Lorraine they wouldn't completely rule out a reunion.
‘Who knows?' said Jo. ‘We never say never. Hannah has just got themselves in EastEnders, I can't wait to see them in that and she'll be fantastic.'
Tina added: ‘We're just enjoying it. We know what to expect to happen now, so we're just enjoying it… it's hard work. Basically take time to adsorb it all and don't take all the criticism to heart.'
We can hope! Now, excuse us while we go and play Reach on repeat…
The chief executives of 18 major automakers and their U. S. units urged President Donald Trump to revisit a decision by the Obama administration to lock in vehicle fuel efficiency rules through 2025. In a letter sent late Friday and viewed by Reuters, the chief executives of General Motors Co, Ford Motor Co, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV, along with the top North American executives at Toyota Motor Corp, Volkswagen AG, Honda Motor Co, Hyundai Motor Co, Nissan Motor Co and others urged Trump to reverse the decision, warning thousands of jobs could be at risk.
Read Article
Some of my favorite everyday brands
Posted by Mikayla Rooney on December 12, 2017 · Leave a Comment
As a college student, I have limited time and funds for shopping. But with such limited resources, having a few go-to brands helps me make the most of my time and money. This is why I look for brands that I can rely on to have quality clothing that fits my style.
That being said, as my taste in clothing has evolved, so has my list of favorite brands. What I value in clothing now is not what I valued five years ago. Currently, I love simple shapes and neutral colors; think classic style with a modern twist.
For everyday clothing, one of my go-to brands is Gap. When I say I love Gap, I mean it. And while the first thing that comes to mind when hearing the name might be the Gap hoodie that everyone had as a kid, that shouldn't deter you from giving the brand a chance as a young adult.
Gap has had some trouble trying to keep up with the emergence of fast fashion, but has seemingly found its footing again by returning to its roots. At its core, it is an American brand that does basics well. Their best clothing is neat with clean lines and an easygoing vibe that balances feeling comfortable with looking put-together.
One thing that made Gap iconic is their denim — a personal favorite of mine. Their jeans are good quality and the sizing of their denim is consistent. I can feel comfortable when ordering online — something I am always at least a bit wary of on other sites.
Their athletic wear is also really nice, especially their outerwear and athletic tops. The fabric is soft and breathable — on par with many other higher-end athletic brands. It is a decent alternative to their sister brand, Athleta, for those shopping on a tighter budget.
Another brand I really like and consistently buy from is LOFT. Whereas Gap has a very traditional and clean aesthetic, I like LOFT for their feminine pieces; their clothing is sophisticated and sweet.
My favorite thing from LOFT is the sweaters. I live in sweaters, be it a cardigan or a chunky knit. Now that sweater weather season is here, LOFT never fails to have soft and stylish sweater options for all occasions.
LOFT does feminine well, so it makes sense that their dresses and skirts tend to be where their strength lies. There is a lot of variation in the shape, cuts and colors of their dresses. But although I love their dresses, I tend to prefer skirts.
LOFT skirts are preppy, but still trendy. Their more structured skirts are my favorite, especially their A-line skirts in different patterns.
Gap and LOFT are go-to brands for everyday clothing, but as a shoe junky, I love a good shoe brand as well. One of my favorites is Steve Madden. While fast fashion is always questionable, I can't deny my love for Steve Madden's trend-driven shoes.
I have owned multiple pairs of Steve Madden shoes including booties, knee high boots, sandals and flats. Though they may not be the highest quality shoes I own, for the price Steve Madden does a great job. Their shoes may not be real leather and may only last a few seasons, but they are stylish.
Steve Madden takes current trends and makes shoes that sell fast. My Chelsea booties from Steve Madden have reached retirement age, but for the price I paid, they were a great pair of shoes that were on-trend. I wore them well and loved how they looked.
When it comes to shoes, if I am looking for something trendy and on a budget, Steve Madden is perfect, but if I am looking for a good quality pair of shoes that will last a long time, G.H. Bass & Co. shoes have yet to fail me. Their shoes are durable, and if you shop at the outlet store, the prices are quite reasonable.
My G.H. Bass & Co. shoes have lasted long walking trips and cold winters. My fleece-lined lace-up combat boots have kept my feet warm and protected from the snow for almost five years now. They aren't technically snow boots, but they are good for walking between classes during the cold winters at UMass.
G.H. Bass & Co also makes Weejuns loafers, my all-time favorite shoe. My Weejuns have survived countless uses; I wear them in almost any circumstance. They can be dressed up or down, and are great when you want to look professional but still be comfortable.
Despite having a handful of go-to brands that I know I can rely on, I still love shopping around and exploring different stores. The brands I love reflect my style and how I present myself, but I am always game to check out brands outside of my usual rotation.
Mikayla Rooney can be reached at mjrooney@umass.edu.
BALTIMORE (WCMH) — A “strange odor” at a Baltimore high school that prompted an evacuation turned out to be the scent of pumpkin spice.
The school evacuated around 2:30pm Thursday after students reported smelling a strange odor, sources report. Fire officials say the irritant was, in fact, a pumpkin spice air freshener.
The school's president told sources the odor may have been a burned-out light bulb.
Officials said two students and three adults were taken to hospitals with unknown injuries, and dozens of students were triaged at the scene.
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi, popularly called BamBam, late on Monday launched a skin care product, “Bam Beauty Oil” to mark their 29th birthday, claiming to have realised N25m.
The event took place in Abuja, according to a post on their Instagram page, @bammybestowed.
The ex-housemate said that they sold the first 5,000 pieces of the product at N5,000 each and grossed N25m.
The News Agency of Nigeria reports this happened about 24 hours after the end of the third edition of the 2018 BBNaija TV reality show titled “Double Wahala''.
They unveiled the product at a reception hosted for them by Famous Potatoes in Abuja late on Monday.
Also, family members of Teddy, another housemate in the BBNaija reality show as well as BamBam's fans graced the party.
BamBam was one of the housemates in the just concluded TV reality show. They were evicted from the house during one of the evictions.
NAN also reports that while Bambam was in the house, they were romantically involved with Teddy A who was their strategic partner.
The pair appeared to have taken their love to another level, as Teddy A organised a surprise birthday party for them
See the IG post by that @thatgidigirl:
Flynn Resigns
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn has resigned.
After less than a month on the job, Michael Flynn has resigned. Before President Trump was sworn in last month, Flynn had a phone conversation with the Russian ambassador to the United States. They allegedly discussed recent US sanctions against Russia; a potential violation of the the Logan act, which bars private citizens from entering negotiations with a foreign government. Gen. Keith Kellogg will be taking over for Flynn on an interim basis. Former CIA director David Petraeus and vice Admiral Robert Harward are also being discussed as possible successors.
Advertisement
Libya on Tuesday repatriated nearly 200 illegal migrants from Niger who had been held in detention centres in the capital, an AFP photographer said.
They were flown home from Mitiga airport east of Tripoli, in coordination with the International Organization for Migration.
Hosni Abu Ayana, a spokesperson for Libya's office that deals with illegal migrants, said the repatriated group included 50 women and four children.
They added that more than 900 other detained migrants will be repatriated in the coming weeks.
The IOM website said that in 2016, the organisation “supported 1,589 migrants to voluntarily return to their countries of origin” from Libya, giving priority to “the most vulnerable”.
Advertisement
People smugglers have taken advantage of the chaos gripping Libya since the 2011 revolution to greatly boost their lucrative trade.
Most departures take place from the west of the North African country, usually heading for Italy 300 kilometres away across the Mediterranean.
Europeans are considering measures aimed at blocking the arrival of thousands of migrants, alarming NGOs which fear those stranded in Libya may suffer mistreatment.
In the absence of an army or a regular police force in Libya, several militias act as coastguards but are often accused themselves of complicity or even involvement in the people-smuggling business.
Ansel Elgort and girlfriend Violetta Komyshan seem to have the perfect relationship.
Elgort, 23, and Komyshan, 21, have been nearly inseparable — save for a brief breakup in 2014 — since they started dating six years ago. Though fans know they met while they were both attending LaGuardia High School, Komyshan provided more details to Cosmopolitan about their teenage meet-cute.
“I think they had their eye on me because we were in the same lunch period or something,” they shared, adding that they and their friend ran into them on the street. “I didn't even know they went to my school — I just thought they were really attractive. I looked at them and told my friend, ‘Oh my God, that guy's so hot,' and she's like, ‘Oh that's Ansel, they go to LaGuardia.'”
Elgort introduced themselves but their now-girlfriend though they liked their friend until the next day.
“He waited for me [after school] the next day and told our friend to introduce us and I was like, ‘OK, they totally liked me yesterday,' ” they continued. “Then I made them come with us to Starbucks. We exchanged numbers and became friends, and then we started dating when I was at the end of sophomore year.”
In addition to being Komyshan's boyfriend, Elgort, who is the son of famed Vogue photographer Arthur Elgort, doubles as their cameraman.
“He knows my light, they know everything,” they said. “He could just be my personal photographer and he'd be great at it because he's so good.”
For two decades the Detroit Red Wings were on top of the NHL (or at least consistently close to it) and one of the elite franchises in the league. Always in the playoffs, usually a legitimate threat to win it all, and a Stanley Cup Finalist six times between 1995 and 2009, more than any other team in the league during that stretch.
Eventually that run was going to end, and in recent seasons you could kind of see the slide slowly starting to begin. They stopped winning in the playoffs. They had become a team that would get into the top-eight but never really go anywhere once they got there. Core players got older. The scouting staff and farm system wasn't finding and developing Hall of Famers in the back half of the draft anymore.
The team was clearly starting to descend down the mountain.
That descent has now turned into a complete collapse, and they may have hit rock bottom over the past couple of weeks.
At least for this season. Who knows how much deeper this can go in future seasons.
After being systematically dismantled by Nathan MacKinnon and the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday, the Red Wings enter the week having lost 10 games in a row, have one of the worst records in the NHL, and just look … bad.
The most concerning thing of all, though, is that this is not just a bad team this season, it is one of the oldest teams in the NHL, one of the most expensive teams in the NHL, and 15 of the players on the roster are under contract for next season with more than $58 million in cap space committed to them.
Even worse: Who on this team is a player that can be the centerpiece of any sort of rebuild or offer legitimate hope for the future?
Dylan Larkin is still only 21 years old and has shown flashes of being an impact player at various times in their young career. But they have also 23 goals … over the past two years. Anthony Mantha and Andreas Athanasiou look like they could be useful players, but they are not franchise building blocks. Gustav Nyquist is going to be 29 next seasons and has topped 50 points once in their career. There is not one player on the defense right now that is under the age of 27 and other than Mike Green all of them are signed through at least next season.
All of that, including the recent 10-game losing streak, has them sitting in the No. 31 spot in this week's PHT Power Rankings.
Where does everyone else sit?
To the rankings!
The Elites
1. Nashville Predators — These guys have not lost a game in regulation since Feb. 17 and have only lost two in regulation since the beginning of February. Best record in the league, the hottest team in the league, where else are they going to be in the standings?
2. Boston Bruins — Maybe the wrong Bruin has been getting MVP buzz this season. Instead of Patrice Bergeron it might be Brad Marchand that is driving the bus.
3. Tampa Bay Lightning — They have not played their best hockey lately … and they are still 10-2-1 over their past 13 games. Insanity.
4. Winnipeg Jets — Patrik Laine is still an unstoppable force right now. Ovechkin-like in their recent dominance.
The rest of the contenders
5. Toronto Maple Leafs — They have not had Auston Matthews, their best player, since Feb. 22 and are still 6-2-2 in 10 games without them and enter the week riding a four-game winning streak.
6. Vegas Golden Knights — They are only 7-6-1 in their past 14 games and starting to cool off just slightly. Still have a firm grip on the Pacific Division and William Karlsson is going to score more than 40 goals this season. What a season.
7. Washington Capitals — Evgeny Kuznetsov‘s injury could be a big deal in the short-term. Also sort of a big deal: What is going on with the goalie situation where Philip Grubauer is taking some starts from Braden Holtby. And playing really, really, really well.
8. Minnesota Wild — Eric Staal is two goals away from what would be their third 40-goal season. Only six other active players (Alex Ovechkin, Steven Stamkos, Evgeni Malkin, Marian Gaborik, Rick Nash, and Marian Hossa — technically they are still active) have at least three such seasons.
9. Pittsburgh Penguins — Goaltending is still a huge question mark with Matt Murray sidelined, but they seem to be getting closer to a return. The Penguins need them if they are going to win a third consecutive Stanley Cup.
The middle ground
10. Columbus Blue Jackets — With seven wins in a row they have not only solidified their playoff position, they have a real chance to get back into the top-three in the Metropolitan Division. Would that give them the best possible matchup in the first-round, though (potentially playing Pittsburgh instead of Washington)?
11. San Jose Sharks — Not many people are talking about the Sharks but they are going for home-ice in the first-round and have won seven of their past nine games. All of this without Joe Thornton for most of the season.
12. Colorado Avalanche — They have earned at least a point in 12 of their past 14 games and Nathan MacKinnon is playing like the league MVP. They are quietly making a push at a top-three spot in the Central Division.
13. New Jersey Devils — After going five consecutive games without a point, No. 1 overall pick Nico Hischer has bounced back with five points in their past five games. They may not be Connor McDavid or Auston Matthews as a No. 1 overall pick, but they are the second-leading scorer on a playoff team as a 19-year-old. That is impressive.
14. Philadelphia Flyers — Petr Mrazek has not been good since arriving in Philadelphia, carrying an .888 save percentage with the Flyers into the week.
15. Anaheim Ducks — Rickard Rakell is making a run for the title of “NHL's most underrated player.”  They are currently in the middle of their second straight 30-goal season.
16. St. Louis Blues — It is kind of amazing they are still hanging around. They looked finished a week ago but four wins in five games has kept their playoff hopes alive.
17. Los Angeles Kings — They are clinging to a playoff spot but their inconsistency has made it impossible for them to put any distance between them and the rest of the pack.
Fading fast
18. Florida Panthers — All of that work to get back into the playoff race then they lose home games to Ottawa and Edmonton and now have to play seven of their next eight games on the road.
19. Calgary Flames — Mike Smith had a great season prior to their injury and their absence was a big part of their late season slide. Their return has not yet made an impact as they have given up 10 goals in their first two starts.
20. Dallas Stars — There is never a good time to lose eight out of 10, but the worst possible time to do it is late in the season when you are in the middle of a tight playoff race with five other teams. They are spending way too much money to be this mediocre.
The Lottery
21. Edmonton Oilers — Connor McDavid is trying to win the scoring title for the second year in a row, and with the way they are going right now it would probably not be wise to bet against him. It is appalling that the team around them is so bad.
22. New York Rangers — Alexandar Georgiev has played well down the stretch, and Ryan Spooner has put up a ton of points since being acquired in the big trade with the Boston Bruins. So there is that.
23. Carolina Hurricanes — This season has been the past few years of this organization in a nutshell. Just enough to build up excitement, seem like they are getting close, then fell apart.
24. Chicago Blackhawks — Alex DeBrincat has three hat tricks this season and is tied for the team lead in goals as a rookie. They have been a bright spot in a lost season.
25. Ottawa Senators — They had a chance to play spoiler with three wins in a row recently, including two over playoff hopefuls Florida and Dallas.
26. Arizona Coyotes — They still have the worst record in the league, but as we said a week ago they haven't played like the worst team in the league for a few weeks. And have you seen the teams below them lately? Yikes.
27. Buffalo Sabres — Jack Eichel is back which should give Sabres fans something worthwhile to watch down the stretch.
28. New York Islanders — They have won five of their past 22 games and only one of their past 12. What else is left to say? The only win for this team this season is they own Calgary's first (and second) round draft pick which should give them two shots at the draft lottery.
A tier all their own at the bottom
29. Montreal Canadiens — An already mediocre team without three of its top players (Carey Price, Shea Weber, Max Pacioretty) and the recent results are reflecting that.
30. Vancouver Canucks — Sometimes it seems like we have not really paid much attention to just how bad the Canucks have been over the past three seasons.
31. Detroit Red Wings — Ten. Games. In. A Row.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop them a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow them on Twitter @AGretz.
The South African Muslim Network (Samnet) has lodged a complaint with the SABC and Human Rights Commission over alleged comments made by a Lotus FM presenter, accused of being Islamophobic.
In a Facebook post, Pauline Sangham allegedly stated that “Islam is a false religion based upon a false book and written by a false prophet'.
Following the outcry on social media, they claimed that their account had been hacked. Sangham, who hosts two shows on the popular Indian lifestyle station, has since been suspended.
On their Facebook page on Monday, they apologized to the Muslim community:
Samnet chairperson Faisal Suliman says their offices have been inundated with complaints from Muslims over the past few days. They say their comments are “untenable”.
“Social media is a powerful platform. The person involved is a presenter and producer and in that capacity, has a huge influence on the public, but also on the station's content,” they said.
“If they denigrate Islam in the way they have, we can't see how they can continue in their job where they have so much influence on content and building social harmony, which is part of the mandate of the SABC.”
According to reports, the Muslim Judicial Council were also lodging a complaint with the SABC.
Samnet has also lodged complaints with the Commission for the Promotion and Protection of the Rights of Cultural, Religious and Linguistic Communities and the Hate Crimes Working Group.
“We are still contemplating whether we can lay civil charges, so our attorneys are looking at that. This could be done in the Equality Court.”
It's believed the Ahli Sunnat Wal Jamaat, a South African NPO has formally written to Lotus FM station manager, Alvin Pillay to urge them to issue a public statement in the matter. The organisation has slammed the comments as blasphemous and Islamophobic. VOC
Comments
comments
Lucy Schumann of Stratford helped the U14 Black Shoreline Sharks girls hockey team win the USA Hockey Tier III national championship in Troy, Michigan last week.
The team was undefeated in state, regional and National tournament play.
They are the 16th team to bring the title back to CT since the tournament's inception in 1978.
ANKARA: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim will be visiting Iraq this week to discuss the fight against terrorism and the future of Iraq, the government's spokesperson said on Monday.
"The Prime Minister will be travelling to Iraq on Thursday to start a new era with the Iraqi central government," Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told a news conference.
"A new peace perspective in Iraq is just around the corner," Kurtulmus added. Yildirim's office said in a statement they would be visiting both Baghdad and Erbil.
Relations between largely Sunni Muslim Turkey and the Shi'ite-dominated central government in Iraq have been tense in the past, particularly over the presence of Turkish troops at the Bashiqa camp north of Mosul.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by Nick Tattersall)
HONG KONG: A British banker, jailed for life in Hong Kong last year for the murder of two Indonesian women they tortured and raped in their luxury apartment, is due to launch an appeal on Tuesday (Dec 12).
Rurik Jutting, who is in their early 30s, a former Bank of America employee, had denied murdering Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, in 2014 on grounds of diminished responsibility due to alcohol and drug abuse and sexual disorders.
The Cambridge-educated Jutting pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter in a case that gripped the financial hub.
The jury unanimously found them guilty of murder and they were sentenced to life in prison in the former British colony in November last year.
Jutting's lawyer, Michael Vidler, said the grounds for appeal would focus on the "directions given by the deputy judge to the jury".
Jutting is expected to appear in court.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In strongly worded closing remarks at the end of the trial, Deputy High Court Judge Michael Stuart-Moore said the case was one of the most horrifying the Chinese-ruled territory had known.
They described Jutting as the "archetypal sexual predator" who represented an extreme danger to women, especially in the sex trade, and cautioned that the possibility they would murder again if freed would be very likely.
It took the jury, made up of four women and five men, about six hours, including a lunch break, to reach its decision.
Lawyers for Jutting, the grandson of a British police officer in Hong Kong and a Chinese woman, had previously argued that cocaine and alcohol abuse as well as personality disorders of sexual sadism and narcissism had impaired their ability to control their behaviour.
The prosecution rejected this, stating Jutting was able to form judgments and exercise self-control before and after the killings, filming their torture of Ningsih on their mobile phone as well as hours of footage in which they discussed the murders, bingeing on cocaine and their graphic sexual fantasies.
WINNIPEG – An agreement in principle has been reached to restore rail service to Churchill and revive the northern Manitoba community's port.
The federal government and a consortium of northern communities called One North are among the partners in the project to take over the rail line, which has been out of service since severe flooding last spring.
The current owner, Denver-based Omnitrax, has said it cannot afford the tens of millions of dollars in repairs and has been in discussions for months to sell the assets.
RELATED: One year later, Churchill residents still waiting for rail line fix
The rail line is the only land link to Churchill and goods and tourists have had to be flown in at much higher prices since the flood.
Churchill Mayor Mike Spence says the agreement to transfer ownership of the rail line and port on the shore of Hudson Bay is historic.
Christian Sinclair, co-chairperson of One North, says details of the agreement still have to be finalized.
RELATED: Residents leaving Churchill since rail line wash out
"The hospital has improved its scores across multiple patient-safety indicators that are not reflected in the most recent hospital safety grade from the Leapfrog Group, though other rating agencies have noted these improvements," according to the statement. "Our recently opened neonatal intensive care unit provides an added safety measure for labor and delivery, and our hospitalist program ensures 24-hour inpatient supervision."
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
HAVANA, CUBA - JANUARY 20: The Viktor Leonov CCB-175, a Russian Navy intelligence warship, is docked to a pier in Old Havana January 20, 2015 in Havana, Cuba. The ship sailed into the Havana harbor early Tuesday morning on the eve of the start of historic talks between the United States and Cuba aimed at normalizing diplomatic relations.
The U.S. Navy is actively monitoring a Russian spy ship that has been operating in international waters along the East Coast of the United States, according to a senior United States official, and Connecticut lawmakers are responding to reports from several news outlets that the ship is “loitering” in the waters off the coast of Connecticut, near the sub base.
NBC Connecticut has not independently confirmed the reports of the ship being off the shores of Connecticut. A U.S. defense official told The Associated Press that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters.
If the ship is in international waters, it is legal for them to be there.
U.S. Senator Chris Murphy's office said that this is not “unprecedented,” but the senator is concerned this is “part of a pattern of continued Russian ‘boldness.'”
“Russia is acting like it has a permission slip to expand influence, test limits of reach,” Murphy Tweeted. “Questions are obvious: does it, and if so, why?”
"While this is not wholly unprecedented, it's part of a series of aggressive actions by Russia that threaten U.S. national security and the security of our allies," Murphy said in a statement. "Just yesterday, news broke that Russia violated an Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. Coupled with escalating fighting in eastern Ukraine and Russian jets buzzing a U.S. Navy destroyer in the Black Sea, Putin clearly thinks the Trump administration has given them a permission slip to flex their muscles. President Trump and their administration must end their silence and immediately respond to these threats to our national security.”
U.S. Rep. Rosa DeLauro Tweeted that “Russia is flexing its muscles.”
U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney also responded to the reports in a statement.
“A Russian spy ship patrolling 30 miles from the Groton SUBASE underscores that the threats posed by a resurgent Russia are real,” Courtney wrote. “This unacceptable, aggressive action, combined with the buzzing of US Navy ships in the Red Sea yesterday are clearly testing the resolve of a new administration. While I have total confidence in our Navy's vigilant, responsible readiness, the White House needs to move past their seeming infatuation with Putin and treat them like the serious threat to global peace and security that they have been for the last five years.”
NBC Connecticut reached out to officials at the sub base and they said they don't have a comment and referred us to the U.S. Department of Defense. Officials from the DOD have not yet responded.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
SEOUL: South Korean prosecutors raided Korean Air Lines' headquarters over suspected embezzlement and breach of trust by members of its owning family, Yonhap News Agency reported on Thursday (May 31).
A Korean Air spokesperson said an investigative team was at the headquarters. A prosecution spokesperson could not be immediately reached for comment.
Police are looking for nine masked thieves who broke in and stole motorcycles, ATV's and dirtbikes from a Findley, Ohio business. The suspects would have taken more but left multiple vehicles outside because there was no more room for them in the trailer.
BY Patrick ochoga, Benin
Edo State governor, Godwin Obaseki, yesterday paid an unscheduled inspection visit to the state's radio and television stations- Edo Broadcasting Service and the Nigerian Observer.
They hinted that the media outfits would be overhauled for optimal performance.
Speaking after inspecting the facilities at the Edo Broadcasting Service in Benin City, Obaseki said their administration has resolved to leverage on digital technology so that the media outfit can compete favourably with similar enterprises across the country.
“Clearly, we need to upgrade the technology of this media outfit to conform to the requirements of the digital era. We also need to
upgrade the premises and the quality of people working here,” the governor said.
They explained that the radio and television stations did very well in ages preceding the digital era, but stressed that the digital age demands continuous scaling up to meet present day quality of service delivery.
Obaseki who was taken round by the Assistant General Manager (AGM) Engineering, Mrs. Ameze Osagie, assured that their administration would reclaim the portion of EBS land taken over by private developers to ensure there is enough land space for effective operation of the media outfit.
“We have laws in place, for those who have taken government land around this area, we need to recover the land to enable us carry out the overhaul we are planning for the outfit,” they added.
A similar feeling of disappointment was expressed by the governor at the facilities of the Nigerian Observer, publishers of the Observer titles established by the late Brig.General Samuel Ogbemudia (retd.) fifty years ago.
Like this: Like Loading...
This post is part of Blues Day on PHT…
On the opening day of free agency in 2014, the Blues signed free agent center Paul Stastny to a four-year, $28 million contract. It instantly made them the highest-paid forward on the team — since surpassed by Vladimir Tarasenko — and, in announcing the deal, GM Doug Armstrong raved about Stastny's hockey IQ and how they “thinks the game strong.”
It was expected the gifted playmaker would become St. Louis' top-line center.
But things haven't exactly gone to plan.
The Stastny era is now three years old, and the major theme throughout has been health — specifically, their lack thereof. He's missed 42 contests over that time, and failed to crack the 70 games-played plateau in each of the last two seasons. Unsurprisingly, their production has tailed off. After racking up 60 points in their final year in Colorado, he's gone 46-49-40 with the Blues, and now heads into a contract year facing a number of major questions.
Among them:
Is Stastny a No. 1 center?
Blues head coach Mike Yeo certainly thinks so, describing the 31-year-old as such when Stastny got hurt back in February.
“He's usually the first guy over the boards for a power-play faceoff or the first guy over the boards for a penalty-kill faceoff, and those are key,” Yeo said, per the Blues website. “He's a very important player for us. You don't take out a top-line center from too many lineups where they don't feel that.”
The Blues certainly paid them like a 1C. At $7 million per, he's making more annually than the likes of Patrice Bergeron, Nicklas Backstrom, John Tavares and Jeff Carter. What's more, the Blues don't have much depth down the middle. Patrik Berglund has proven to be a decent, if unspectacular, option that scored 23 goals last year, but their ceiling is a 3C that can be pushed into the 2C role in a pinch.
Jori Lehtera, who underwhelmed last season, was flipped to Philly in the Brayden Schenn trade, but the Blues might have the same problem with Schenn that the Flyers did — is they a center, or better suited on the wing?
Youngsters Robby Fabbri and Ivan Barbashev can also play the middle, but aren't yet considered full-time guys. Fabbri's coming off a torn ACL.
So is Stastny a No. 1? Traditionally speaking, maybe not. In St. Louis, maybe so.
Do the Blues want to keep him?
Given what we just laid out, probably. But it would have to be at the right price.
Next July, Armstrong has some work to do and not a ton of cap space to do it with. The most pressing contracts will be for a pair of young RFAs — Fabbri, and d-man Joel Edmundson — while Stastny's the lone UFA of note.
If Stastny's willing to take a significant haircut, their return could happen. Signing with St. Louis back in '14 was essentially a homecoming, as they grew up in the city and went to Chaminade College Prep School. Both their father and brother previously played with the Blues.
The real question, it would seem, is if Stastny fits with the direction of the club. Armstrong hasn't been shy about turning their team over to the younger generation over the last few years, while cutting ties with veterans in a myriad of ways.
Just consider what happened to Stastny's former running mates up front. Lehtera was traded Philly, T.J. Oshie was flipped to Washington, while David Backes and Troy Brouwer were allowed to walk in free agency.
Could this be another Kevin Shattenkirk situation?
Two years ago, Armstrong opted to keep Backes and Brouwer — both UFAs — past the deadline, and the Blues responded with a playoff run to the Western Conference Final. But that summer, both assets were lost for no return.
Last year, Armstrong took a different tact, opting to flip Shattenkirk, a pending UFA, at the deadline for a package that included promising forward Zach Sanford and a first-round pick (the Blues later used that pick to acquire Schenn).
“We are not in the business of trading good players for prospects when your team has a chance to win the Cup,” Armstrong said at the time, per the Post-Dispatch. “This team now has to get in on its own. It's going to be more difficult, but if we get in, you always have a chance to win.”
One wonders if last year's experience might've changed Armstrong's outlook.
All things considered, the Blues fared well following Shattenkirk's departure. They finished third in the Central Division, and upended 106-point Minnesota in the opening playoff round before bowing out to the eventual conference champ, Nashville, in Round 2.
The big difference between Shattenkirk and Stastny, though, is the depth at their respective positions. Parting ways with Shattenkirk was made easier by the presences of Alex Pietrangelo and Jay Bouwmeester, and the emergence of Edmundson and Colton Parayko.
At center, the Blues don't have such options.
During a meeting at city hall on Tuesday, Edmonton councillors drafted a motion to redefine playground zones to apply “only where playground equipment is present.” At a previous city council meeting on Nov. 14, 2017, a “playground” was defined as anywhere children may be playing.
If passed, that change alone would impact about 25 current playground zones.
The rest of Tuesday's debate, however, was postponed to the next council meeting.
READ MORE: Report says 40 Edmonton playground zones could be removed
The motion, put forward by Councillor Tim Cartmell, asked administration to amend bylaws that would remove certain playground zones, redefine the location of playground zones, and change the hours of operation to 7:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. in the summer and 7:30 a.m. to 7 p.m. in winter.
The motion also suggested the city's parameters mirror the province's criteria regarding playground area locations and speed limits.
READ MORE: Last Edmonton school zones converted to playground zones
In September 2017, city council voted unanimously to turn all school zones into playground zones. The first conversion happened that November and the final school zones were converted into playground zones on April 4.
In a school zone, the speed limit is 30 km/h between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m., on days that students are in school. In a playground zone, the speed limit is 30 km/h from 7:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. every day.
However, a report flagged 40 zones for council to review. City staff said 28 likely shouldn't be considered playground zones based on provincial guidelines that were set a decade ago.
READ MORE: 30 km/h speed limit signs starting to go up around Edmonton playgrounds
“It talks about the setback, for instance, of playground equipment from the street. It talks about the amount of frontage,” Cartmell said last week. “It talks about the type of roadway that we're on. It talks about playground areas versus playground zones.”
“I don't see that application to our work.”
At city council where councillors debating playground zones and residential speed limits. A motion to ‘redefine playground zones to only where playground equipment is present' has been postponed to next meeting. #yegcc — Kim Smith (@Kim_SmithTV) April 24, 2018
In Tuesday's motion, administration was also asked to create a review process for residents who want a certain road or playground zone modified or removed.
Esslinger wonders if some playground zones are removed from an area (b/c there is not actual playground equipment) if zones can still be implemented if residents want it. #yeg #yegcc @GlobalEdmonton — vinesh pratap (@vineshpratap) April 24, 2018
The motion also includes streamlining the signage around playground zones and a request to analyze playground zones along multi-lane, divided, higher-volume collector routes.
READ MORE: Changes to playground zones in Edmonton confuse some drivers
Right now, there are 407 playground zones in Edmonton.
Twelve current playground zones are being reviewed based on the road they border. Three are along a multi-lane road, while another nine line extra-wide roads. Three others could be changed because they are in industrial areas.
Earlier this year two locations – W.P. Wagner School at Wagner Road and 86 Street and L.Y. Cairns Junior High School at 106 Street and 45 Avenue – were reviewed and the city decided not to turn them into playground zones.
— With files from 630 CHED's Scott Johnston and Kirby Bourne
Coweta Police are investigating after six vehicles were vandalized early Monday morning.
One of the vehicles vandalized was a Coweta Police Department patrol car.
According to the Coweta Police Department, the vandals slashed tires and keyed a hate message into the officer's patrol car.
Police said the crimes appear to be related and officers are trying to identify suspects and need the public's help.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Coweta Police Department at 918-486-2121.
Drug use and mental health are just two of the issues that Richmond residents brought up as concerns related to a temporary modular housing for the homeless that's been proposed for a site at 7300 Elmbridge Way.
The concerns came up at a forum titled “Charity and Safety” that was held at the Sheraton Vancouver Airport Hotel in Richmond on Sunday.
Coverage of modular housing on Globalnews.ca:
“I think we care more about safety and security as opposed to money,” said a man translating for speakers who addressed attendants in Chinese. “It is a more pressing matter to most residents in this neighbourhood.”
The forum was organized by the “7300 Groups,” an organization that's concerned about a three-storey, 40-unit supportive housing project that's expected to house some of Richmond's most vulnerable residents for up to five years.
The project is a joint effort between the City of Richmond and BC Housing, and its aim is to help residents move toward “housing independence and improved quality of life.”
READ MORE: ‘Fear-mongering' flyers depict homeless housing project as ‘Trojan horse' for Richmond
Reactions to the project have been mixed.
Some have supported the idea, while others have depicted it as a “Trojan horse” for the community.
That was how it was described in a flyer that's been circulated around Richmond, raising alarm that 20 per cent of residents will have what's known as “Level 3” service needs, such as chronic illness, mental health issues and, in certain cases, a criminal history with a high risk of re-offending.
Found this on my car today. Wow, #RichmondBC – I can't believe some of us are prepared to go to this level of public fear-mongering. Our entire community is better off when every resident has access to appropriate supports & secure housing. I hope Council sticks with their plan pic.twitter.com/R4NVJfQ91r — Sandra Nixon (@sanixon) March 12, 2018
The 7300 Group also recently held a rally at the site that drew over 100 people opposed to the project.
“This kind of person, maybe they have a drug problem, they have a mental problem,” Richmond resident Lu Cheng told Global News outside the forum on Sunday.
“When they have a drug problem, and then when they're drunk, they walk through the daycare and they're bumping the door, what do you think the kids will think?” asked Richmond resident Cathi Li.
Meanwhile, De Whalen, chair of the Richmond Poverty Response Committee, told Global News, “Housing is a human right. It shouldn't matter how much money you have. We all deserve a roof over our heads.”
READ MORE: Marpole protesters block temporary homeless housing, and the city's not having it
BC Housing has a “very extensive, comprehensive tenant selection process” that also has involvement from the RCMP, City of Richmond spokesperson Ted Townsend told Global News in a previous story.
“If there are tenants that pose a potential risk to the community, they will be screened out through that process,” they said.
Opposition to the modular housing project mirrors protests against a similar initiative in Vancouver's Marpole neighbourhood, where demonstrators physically blocked trucks from accessing the site so they could build the units, before the B.C. Supreme Court granted an injunction.
Former homeless people in Richmond say temporary housing can help — and so can a little compassion.
“I now work two jobs, I work two part-time jobs,” Richmond resident Draigh Le Noir told Global News.
“I have my own place that I rent and pay rent on, and I think it can work for other homeless people.
“They are hurting, and it's really hard to get up.”
Google pays Apple $3 Billion per year to be the default search engine on iOS.
One great thing about being in the Google ecosystem is that the company's services are on the most popular platforms (sorry, Windows 10 Mobile fans). If I wanted to, I could pick up an iPad tomorrow and have access to my purchased books, music, movies, my keyboard, my saved locations, and browser favorites. Another way I'd feel at home on iOS is the fact that Google is the default search engine.
That comes at a cost, however. According to CNBC, Google is estimated to be paying $3 billion for the fiscal year 2017 for the privilege of being the default search provider on iOS, up from $1 billion in 2014. This deal comes with very little cost to Apple, and the revenue accounts for a large portion of the Cupertino company's services revenue. The arrangement accounts for approximately 5% of Apple's total operating profits for each year, as well as 25% of Apple's growth over the past two years.
Google wins in this case as well, because about 50% of its mobile search revenue comes from iOS devices. While some more technical users would notice if Apple switched to Microsoft's Bing service for the search engine, most users wouldn't think anything of it. So while Google is paying a hefty amount of money each year to be the default option, not paying that money would likely mean much less revenue from mobile search. At the end of the day, it seems like this is a good working relationship for both Google and Apple, with each company gaining from the arrangement.
Do you use Google Search on an iOS device? Let us know down below!
CAIRO: Three Chinese tourists were killed on Tuesday and eight others were injured in a road accident in Alexandria, Egypt's second city, a government statement said.
Two of those injured were in critical condition, the statement said.
Tourism was one of Egypt's main sources of income but fewer visitors have come since a 2011 uprising. A plane crash in 2015 led to a further drop in tourist numbers. In recent months, more have come due in part to renewed political stability.
(Reporting by Mohamed Abdellah; Writing by Arwa Gaballa; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
Montreal's Metro network will be paying tribute to its flagship MR-63 trains by running the very last train on each of the four lines between June 18 and 21.
The MR-63 trains spent the last 52 years on the Metro tracks, travelling more than four million kilometres each.
READ MORE: Montreal commuters get to ride first AZUR train
In 2017, the rolling stock was among the oldest still in use on any subway system in the world. The entire Metro fleet ran on rubber tires and concrete rollways, which was uncommon among the traditional steel-on-steel networks of the time.
This system reduced vibrations and offered better manoeuvrability, acceleration, and braking. These aspects of the network live on with the second and third generation Metro cars, the MR-73 trains introduced in 1976 and MPM-10 trains introduced in 2015.
Montreal's transit corporation (STM) began retiring the MR-63 trains in 2016 with the introduction of the MPM-10, known as Azur.
To date, 268 MR-63s have been retired.
READ MORE: Half of Montreal's Metro network now has cell service
While many were dismantled, some were able to leave the tunnels and breathe in new life through the STM's sustainable reclamation plan. Selected projects worked with the retired Metro cars to build creative spaces and new Montreal icons.
La Station F-MR is one of those. The pilot project on the Lachine Canal offers visitors a café, a concert space, an art gallery, and a chance to hang out in four MR-63 cars. While the location is temporary, a permanent and larger complex will open in Griffintown with eight Metro cars in 2020.
While walking through the cars outside is an experience of its own, your last chance to experience the train in metro tunnels is quickly approaching.
The very last MR-63 train will circulate each of the lines during morning and afternoon rush hour on the following days:
City council has passed a resolution recognizing Jan. 29 as a Day of Remembrance and Action on Islamophobia.
Councillors this week voted in favour the resolution brought to council by Ward 5 Coun. David Neumann.
The resolution affirms the city's strong opposition to Islamophobia, as well as other forms of racism, hate, xenophobia and bigotry. As well, it calls on the federal and provincial governments to designate Jan. 29 as the Day of Remembrance and Action on Islamophobia.
In their resolution, Neumann noted that on Jan. 29, 2017, a gunman at the Centre Culturel Islamque de Quebec in Quebec City shot and killed six people and injured 19 others. Ibrahima Barry, Azzedine Soufiane, Aboubaker Thabti, Abdelkrim Hassane, Mamadou Tanou Barry and Khaled Belkacemil died during the attack.
In addition, there was an attempted fire bomb at the Ibrahim Jame Mosque in Hamilton on Sept. 14, 2016, Neumann said.
"We have for years as a community encouraged diversity," they said.
"This resolution confirms and recognizes this."
Several councillors spoke in support of Neumann's resolution.
"The only way you stop the spread of Islamophobia is to speak up against it," said Coun. Richard Carpenter. "I would encourage everyone to speak up.
"That's what you must do. That's how you stop it."
...
The city has a new clerk.
Charlene Touzel replaces Lori Wolfe, who retired just before Christmas to take care of an ill family member.
Touzel previously worked as the city's deputy clerk.
Mayor Chris Friel and city councillors welcomed Touzel to their new position at this week's council meeting.
...
City officials will gather Monday to mark the official opening of its newly renovated downtown transit terminal.
The ceremony takes place from 11 a.m. to noon at 64 Darling St.
Upgrades to the terminal include updated plumbing, HVAC and the electrical system. As well, accessibility improvements have been made to the main floor washrooms and public service areas.
The terminal has also been reconfigured to improve functionality, a spokesperson for the city said.
...
Members of the Brantford police service will be wearing a different uniform when they visit the Wayne Gretzky Sports Centre on Wednesday.
They'll be wearing hockey jerseys and equipment as they take on a team of local high school all-stars in the annual Copper Cup hockey game.
Doors open at 6 p.m. and the puck drops at 7 p.m.
Admission is $2 and all proceeds will be turned over to the Children's Safety Village of Brant.
The Copper Cup is one of many events Brantford police officers participate in to raise money for local charities and to engage with young people.
Officers also participate in Copper Madness, a series of basketball games against local high school players, the Copper Bowl, a football game and Copper Mind, a trivia game.
...
City employees were recognized this week for their longtime support of the Brant United Way campaign.
Bob Sproul, chair of the annual fundraising effort, was at this week's council meeting to recognize 25 years of contributing to the campaign by city employees.
They also recognized Kim Petitti, an administrative assistant in the city's economic development and tourism department, for their efforts in organizing the contributions of city employees.
Vball@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EXPVBall
Columnist Mike Smyth writes on the new B.C. Liberal leader.
The biggest knocks on Andrew Wilkinson have been that he's too straitlaced, too downtown, too tight-collared and maybe a little (or a lot) too smug about their own prodigious I.Q.
But they said the same thing about a guy named Gordon Campbell, and they won three elections in a row in this province and drove the NDP crazy in the process.
Now the B.C. Liberals hope Wilkinson can lead them into a new dynasty by defeating the governing NDP in the next election.
Wilkinson won the Liberal leadership on Saturday night, edging out rival Dianne Watts on a fifth and final count.
Watts, the former Surrey mayor, was a favourite going in. They were seen as a potential fresh new face for a party that had grown stale and unappealing during 16 long years in power.
Instead, the Liberals narrowly decided to go with the old-school establishment candidate instead of the new outsider.
Wilkinson did it by consolidating their base of support inside the existing Liberal caucus. They had 13 MLAs supporting them — the most of any candidate including Watts, who had none.
They also did it by harnessing their famous brain power and running a bruising campaign in which they were not afraid to ruffle feathers and butt heads with theirs opponents.
They took on Watts during wince-inducing exchanges in leadership debates. They crossed verbal swords with their own caucus colleagues, too, slicing and dicing rival Todd Stone during several cutting encounters.
Despite that, Wilkinson could be emerged as a strong unifying leader for the Liberals at a time when the party's frustrations in opposition had threatened to split their ranks.
There was a buzz in the room on Saturday that if Watts or Stone won, some Liberal MLAs might not want to go up on stage to support their new boss.
But the caucus seems happy with the choice of a new leader who is undeniably smart.
Wilkinson is a certified brainiac. He's not only a doctor, he's also a lawyer. And he's not only a doctor and a lawyer, he's also a Rhodes Scholar to boot.
 They are known for their acerbic attacks on the NDP in the legislature, so I asked them if we're about to witness a nasty new brand of politics when they start attacking them as Liberal leader.
“My task is to make sure that we hold the NDP to account with smart incisive questions that will make their skin crawl,” they threatened.
I have no doubt they will make their skin crawl and get under their skin, too. Nobody in the legislature drives the New Democrats wild with indignation quite like Wilkinson.
And that includes Premier John Horgan, whose hair-trigger temper is famously easy to trip.
Wilkinson could bring out the worst in Hulk Horgan. Watching these two alpha males lock horns will be entertaining, for sure.
But here's a bigger question for the Liberals: Can Wilkinson appeal to the voters they must woo back in order to re-take power?
At age 60, they were the oldest candidate in the leadership race. At a time when the Liberals need to win back the support of young working families in the suburbs, they seem more like the poster boy for the downtown jet set.
Wilkinson seems to realize the challenge himself, admitting “we need younger, keener, brighter, faster more diverse candidates” in the next election.
They also seem to realize the need to soften their own intellectually superior, upper-class image.
Wilkinson frequently reminded people during the campaign that they spent much of their youth in Kamloops, where they enjoyed “hunting and fishing.”
I have to admit, it's a little tough to imagine Wilkinson squatting around a campfire, drinking Lucky Lager and swapping huntin' yarns.
It's much easier to picture them sitting around a corporate boardroom sipping champagne and telling tales of hostile corporate takeovers.
Despite these limitations, Wilkinson could become a very effective leader of the opposition.
The NDP's minority-governing agreement with the B.C. Green party is fragile. And Wilkinson knows it.
“Our job is to drive the wedge between them,” they said, while vowing to quickly shake things up in Victoria.
“I'm hoping that we make question period so newsworthy that you guys won't have to carry other stories,” they told reporters.
It will be interesting to see if the Liberals try to soften Wilkinson's hard edges in attempt to make them more friendly and likable.
They made that same mistake with Gordon Campbell, once dressing them up in a plaid shirt and slinging a guitar over their shoulder. It was fake makeover that fell flat with the public.
Better to let Wilkinson be Wilkinson: A smart, conservative defender of free-enterprise values, who will no doubt win the sold backing of the B.C. business community.
Horgan and the NDP have so far over-achieved during their brief turn in power. But if the economy starts to wobble, the public could turn against the New Democrats.
If and when that happens, Wilkinson will be there, ready to rip them to pieces. If they can overcome a charisma deficit to appeal to suburban voters, it's easy to picture them winning an election and becoming premier.
One thing's for sure: watching them and Horgan duke it out is going to be great political theatre.
twitter.com/MikeSmythNews
msmyth@postmedia.com
For many, the airport is a place filled with frustration and anxiety. But for others, the airport is a peaceful place where you don't exist—no one does—and I love it. You're allowed to do absolutely nothing, and sometimes, that's exactly what the soul of a weary traveler needs.
There was a great piece about airport layovers in the New York Times recently by Sasha Chapin. In it, Chapin expressed praise for the layover, calling it a “healthful, restorative bore,” and I couldn't agree more. Long journeys really take it out of you and the layover can be a welcome reprieve, even if it sometimes feels like an obstacle in the way of adventure. But the more I thought about it the more I realized any time spent in an airport could be such a sanctuary—it doesn't have to be a layover.
My time in an airport is usually filled with a few of the same routines. I seek out a bar or two and compare Bloody Mary recipes. I buy some sort of salty snack at a newsstand, throw on my noise-cancelling headphones, and grab a seat to people watch. I finally crack open that book I packed and swore I'd finish on the trip, only to give up after a few pages so I can be dink around on my phone instead. Occasionally, I find a quiet corner and nap. It's all a complete waste of time. But that's the point, that's what the airport is for. I'm already where I need to be. It's just a matter of time—my time.
Advertisement
I intentionally get to the airport early so I can achieve this state of in-between, this limbo. Before a trip, this time allows me to relax and switch gears into travel mode. I gradually wrap up some work so I can let it go, I stop thinking about all my to-dos, then wipe away any other stressors. Basically, I forget who I was and prepare to reboot as a fresh version of myself at another location. Being early also ensures I'm prepared to head out. Am I feeling anxious to fly today? No problem, I'll grab a drink (make mine a double). Did I forget my book? All good, I'll browse the bookstore for a bit and see what's new. Oh no, my phone's battery is about to die... Ah, there's an outlet under that seat over there.
But when the adventures or toils of a trip are complete, I still head to the airport early before coming home. Sure, there are logistic benefits to getting to the airport a few hours early, but I've shown up eight or nine hours before takeoff when coming home from an international trip. Why? Because travel is exhausting. I could maybe squeeze in another couple tourist spots with that time, snap some more photos, buy a few more knickknacks. But would I really enjoy it in that drained state of mind? Probably not. Maybe I'll come back later? Yeah, I'll come back later.
Advertisement
I think I'd rather use that time to grab a tasty snack, rehydrate, and sit in a coin-operated massage chair while I reflect on the ups and downs of my journey. I'd rather be in the sweet emptiness of limbo, becoming nothing. The airport is a metaphorical hyperbaric chamber of sorts, allowing you to decompress and slowly prepare for your return to the slippery surface of the real world. This decompression period, this limbo, is universally sanctioned do-nothing time. Use it well, traveler.
Amazon wants to get in your car. Unlike the company's previous in-home delivery service, this move actually makes some sense. If you're not comfortable letting a stranger into your house, but you also don't want your packages to get stolen off the porch, then Amazon's new In-Car deliveries are a decent compromise.
The problem? Amazon can't just deliver to any car. The company's trunk-delivery service currently supports any Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac from 2015 or later, as long as it has an active OnStar account. The service also works with newer Volvos (2015 or later) that use “Volvo On Call.” That covers roughly 7 million people, and Amazon says it will support even more vehicles going forward.
Amazon Key In-Car Delivery is also only supported in 37 out of 50 states so far, and you can check Amazon's website to see if you're eligible for vehicle deliveries.
For Amazon to drop packages in your car, you'll also need the Amazon Key app for iOS or Android. Once you've downloaded it, launch the app and use it to link your Amazon account with your OnStar or On Call account. Finally, register your delivery location, which will probably be your home or your workplace.
Advertisement
The next time you're shopping on Amazon, you should see an In-Car delivery option at checkout. If you select it, you'll want to use the app to verify that your car is within two blocks of your delivery location on the day your package is set to arrive. As Amazon notes, your car also needs to be in a publicly accessible area, which might make some deliveries trickier:
“In-car deliveries can only be made to a stationary car parked in an open, street-level, and publicly accessible area. Delivery drivers cannot access vehicles parked in garages with restricted entry. Additionally, vehicles that are parked in multi-level or underground garages do not provide sufficiently reliable GPS information for in-car delivery.”
When Amazon's delivery person arrives, your car will unlock, your package will go inside, and your car will lock back up automatically. You'll also get notifications on your phone every step of the way so you can run down to your car and grab your new Instant Pot as soon as it arrives—and triple-check that nobody ran off with your ride.
If you're a Golden State Warriors or Cleveland Cavaliers superfan, get ready to celebrate with tacos. And if you're a fan of any other NBA team, get ready to drown your sorrows in tacos. That's because Taco Bell is giving away free tacos when those teams face off during the NBA Finals, which run from May 31 through June 17.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The fast-food chain is continuing its annual Steal a Game, Steal a Taco promotion this year. If a team on the road “steals” a game from the home team–meaning they win a game on enemy territory–Taco Bell will offer everyone a free Doritos Locos taco.
If the away team wins Game 1, Game 2, or Game 3, you can get a free Doritos Locos Taco at participating locations on Wednesday, June 13 from 2 to 6 p.m. local time. If the away team wins Game 4, 5, 6, or 7, you can get a free taco on Wednesday, June 20 from 2 to 6 p.m. local time, while supplies last. It's limited to one taco per person per date.
This promotion paid off over the past two years: In 2016, the Warriors won Game 4, and in 2017, the Warriors won Game 3, which led to free tacos for all. So even if you're upset your team lost a game, or didn't even make the finals at all, you're at least getting a free taco out of it.
Follow Delish on Instagram.
Leave it to Rosetta and Balthazar Getty to class up Coachella. The fashion and arts-centric couple threw together a last-minute private tour of artist Doug Aitken's “Mirage” installation on Friday afternoon, followed by a glamorous dinner at Michelin-starred restaurant So.Pa at the L'Horizon resort in Palm Springs.
“We'd been wanting to bring fashion and the arts to this weekend for some time, to make it more inclusive of not just musicians and celebrities,” said Balthazar Getty. The actor-music-producer-DJ had a pre-planned gig manning the turntables at Katy Perry's Easter Sunday brunch, so they and their wife decided to celebrate Desert X, the inaugural art fair centered around 90 site-specific works within a 45-mile radius of the Coachella Valley.
Shiva Rose Moreland / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Shiva Rose (Moreland / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
The main attraction of the fair, which has included works by Richard Prince and Lita Albuquerque, has been Aitken's mirrored house “Mirage” (see: Instagram). The press-shy, Los Angeles-based artist led a group of about 20 of the Getty's friends and their four kids on a tour of their work an hour before it opened to the public for the day (admission to the Neville Wakefield-curated Desert X is free).
“I think art should be many things, and that also talks to ‘Mirage.' This was a work that has no doors, it has no windows, and depending on when the sun hits it, it changes constantly,” they said. “The one thing I'd request is if any of you have a chance to come back here, visit it again because it will be very different next time you see it.”
Said Rosetta Getty, “I just love this Desert X project so much, so it all just came together. Our [fashion] collection this season was about reflection and the glass house was all about reflection and what you see is isn't always what it is, so it seemed like something I really needed to support and shine light on as much as I can.”
They partnered with online retail platform Orchard Mile to host the dinner, which started at 5 p.m. to accommodate guests who wanted to get to the first night of the music festival. Many stayed in the same clothes they wore to the art tour, but Getty changed out of their black palazzo pants into a while silk caftan and gold mules that matched the resort's pristine midcentury architecture and landscaping.
Mary Charteris and Chelsea Leyland Moreland / WWD / REX / Shutterstock Mary Charteris and Chelsea Leyland Mary Charteris and Chelsea Leyland (Moreland / WWD / REX / Shutterstock)
Unfortunately, things got a bit rowdy at the poolside bar cocktail hour and a bottle of homemade bitters ended up shattering on the ground and staining them hem. As bartenders poured club soda on it, Getty said, “Oh, don't bother. I can fix it.” It was, unfortunately, the last remaining sample, as the rest of the dresses had sold out. “Are you sure, mommy?” asked their youngest daughter June.
“She's getting the Easter Bunny and some other surprises,” whispered Getty, of their family's plans to spend the holiday in the desert. Several other guests, including Shiva Rose, Lady Mary Charteris, Joséphine de la Baume and Annabelle Wallis just sprinted up from Los Angeles for the day. Johnny Wujek and Markus Molinari were committed for Coachella, both DJing at Nylon's midnight garden party that evening, and producing their friend Perry's Easter Brunch. Erica Pelosini and husband Louis Leeman were also in for the entire weekend. “We really want to do something out here for our shoe lines,” they said. “Maybe next year we'll have our own event.”
Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Preparing for spring gardening Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Getting your pots ready for spring planting. Caption Here's Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Isla Holbox is a flat, sandy, increasingly popular island off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Why is business booming? Because and a great place to see whale sharks. Caption America's most Irish city (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption NoMad collaborates with Curtis Stone Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Chef Curtis Stone of Gwen and Maude will be making the Gwen chicken burger as part of a collaborative effort with the NoMad food truck during March. The collaboration with various chefs in L.A. will allow NoMad to showcase different burgers, be part of the community and to draw attention to the opening, later this year, of the NoMad hotel downtown. Caption Why the Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pop out The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form. The Margherita pot stickers at Orsa & Winston pack the flavors of a Margherita pizza in a smaller form.
ALSO
12 cannabis skin-care products worth trying
2017 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival: Desert wear
The looks of Coachella: from not-so-basic black to full floral maximalism
WhatsApp is banning anyone under 16 years old from using its app in Europe. It's raising the age limit by three years just as the European data privacy rules start kicking in on May 25th, as spotted by Reuters.
When users in Europe log onto the app in the next few weeks, they'll be asked to confirm their age when accepting the new terms of service and an updated privacy policy. WhatsApp, which is owned by Facebook, has a separate data policy of its own. It's made new changes beyond raising the age limit, including allowing users to download a copy of their data from WhatsApp, which will contain their contacts and any numbers they've blocked.
Facebook's approach to complying with the new rules will instead be to ask teens ages 13 to 15 to gain parental permission for sharing personal information on the platform. If they don't get permission, they'll see a more generic version of Facebook that's not customized based on their data.
In regions outside of Europe, the minimum age to use WhatsApp is still 13. Europe's GDPR will force companies to follow users' requests to delete personal data, and in the month leading up to the rules' enforcement — and especially in the aftermath of Facebook's Cambridge Analytica data breach — tech companies are rethinking their data retention policies.
CINCINNATI: Rafael Nadal was assured a return to world number one for the first time since July of 2014 on Monday (Aug 14) when 19-time Grand Slam champion Roger Federer withdrew from this week's ATP Cincinnati Masters tournament.
Third-ranked Federer said they injured their back in Montreal, where they lost in the final to Germany's Alexander Zverev.
Federer, this year's Wimbledon and Australian Open champion, was the only player who could have denied world number two Nadal the top spot in next Monday's rankings.
The 31-year-old Spaniard, who won their 15th Grand Slam title at this year's French Open, will overtake Britain's top-ranked Andy Murray, who withdrew from Montreal and Cincinnati with a hip injury.
Federer, a seven-time champion on the Cincinnati hardcourts, could yet move into the world number one spot, but their next chance will come at the US Open, the year's final Grand Slam event that begins Aug 28 in New York.
"I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing," Federer said. "Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week."
Nadal, who has spent 141 total weeks in the top spot, became world number one for the first time in August 2008 after a semi-final run at Cincinnati.
For Federer to have taken the top spot at Cincinnati, they would have had to at least reach the semi-finals. Had Federer reached the final, Nadal would have had to win the title to stop the Swiss star from becoming number one.
Federer will be replaced in the men's draw by Italian lucky loser Thomas Fabbiano, the world number 85 who will enjoy a first-round bye and face either Argentina's Diego Schwartzman or Russia's Karen Khachanov in the second round.
Chennai: The Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday said it will ensure that the state's interests were not affected in the wake of the Centre deciding to replace the University Grants Commission with the Higher Education Commission of India.
The government's response came after the DMK raised the issue in the state Assembly, with the leader of Opposition MK Stalin referring to 'fears' over fund
allocation patterns to state vis-a-vis higher education. They wanted to know whether the state government was consulted on the matter and what it proposed to tell the Centre on the new body.
Higher education minister KP Anbalagan said the state government would submit its views to the Centre on the matter by 7 July. "We will ensure our interests are not affected, and accordingly give our views," they said, responding to Stalin. The opinions of various Vice-Chancellors in the state have been sought on this matter before finalising the government's response, Anbalagan added.
The HRD ministry had last week proposed to replace the apex higher education regulator UGC with the Higher Education Commission of India (HECI) by repealing the UGC Act, 1951. According to the draft Act, HECI would focus solely on academic matters.
Monetary grants would be the purview of the ministry. Less government and more governance, separation of grant functions, end of inspection raj, focus on academic quality and order closure of sub-standard and bogus institutions are some of the highlights of the new act, according to the draft.
The Act will be called the Higher Education Commission of India Act, 2018 (Repeal of University Grants Commission Act). The HRD ministry has asked all educationists, stakeholders and the general public to give comments and suggestions before 5 pm on July 7 on the draft, put up on its website.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - The Oklahoma Highway Patrol says six people have been killed on state roads in separate crashes.
Troopers say 76-year-old Tommie Ann Scott was killed Saturday in a crash east of Soper in Choctaw County.
Earlier Saturday, a three-vehicle crash near Ada in Pontotoc County left 53-year-old Richard L. Campbell, 51-year-old Timothy L.R. Campbell and 56-year-old Dathan R. Lane dead.
On Friday, two unidentified people were killed in a collision east of Okay in Wagoner County.
Scott and the two unidentified motorists were killed in single-vehicle wrecks.
In the Pontotoc County crash, troopers say Richard L. Campbell's westbound pickup went left of center and collided head-on with Lane's eastbound truck. Richard L. Campbell's pickup overturned and struck a third vehicle. Timothy L.R. Campbell was pinned under wreckage for about three hours.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BRUSSELS: The European Union and the United Nations on Tuesday appealed for swift political talks to end the long war in Syria, saying the latest territorial gains by Damascus and its allies had not brought peace any closer.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, backed by Moscow and Tehran, is pushing a military offensive to wipe out the last few rebel enclaves near Damascus. Efforts for a negotiated end to the war, that killed half a million people over seven years and displaced millions, are stuck.
"We're seeing in last few weeks, days ... that military gains, territorial gains and military escalation do not bring a political solution, has not brought any change. On the contrary," the U.N special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, told a news conference in Brussels.
They spoke as governments and aid groups gathered in Brussels to pledge more than US$6 billion in aid for Syria.
De Mistura's co-host and the EU's top diplomat, Federica Mogherini, said "real, meaningful political negotiations ... are clearly the only way forward."
The proxy war pits Damascus, Russia and Iran against rebels seeking to oust Assad and their backers in Turkey and the West. Islamic militants have also spread havoc in the conflict, where the U.N. says over 400,000 people are still trapped in sieges.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"MEDIEVAL" WAR
A British deputy development minister at the Brussels meeting said it was an important signal as the Syrian army continued to use sieges and bombardments to force rebels out.
"We want to make sure that medical facilities stop getting targeted, medical aid stops getting stolen, that gender-based violence is reduced, that the medieval tactics of starvation come to an end," Alistair Burt told Reuters.
The donors would offer new money for humanitarian assistance inside Syria, as well as for the Syrian refugees in Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey.
But the United States and the EU - the world's largest donors - refuse to chip in billions of dollars that would eventually be needed to rebuild Syria for as long as Assad does not let the opposition share power.
"We see absolutely no motivation to give up one of the most significant levers that we have in the absence of even minimal movement towards a better political shaping or framework for Syria to make it more, rather than less, stable and secure," said a senior U.S. administration official.
(Additional reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek, Writing by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HARRISBURG — More than 200 children with serious illnesses are legally obtaining medical marijuana outside Pennsylvania while state officials work to make the product available to them here.
The state Health Department has so far approved 226 Safe Harbor applications so patients under 18 have access to medical marijuana available in other states with established programs, officials announced Monday, the first anniversary of Pennsylvania's medical marijuana law being signed.
The Safe Harbor program enables parents, legal guardians or caregivers to provide medical marijuana to minors in their care who have a serious medical condition documented by a physician.
Pennsylvania is “right on schedule” in creating the state-regulated program to provide medical marijuana under the law by 2018, Gov. Tom Wolf said during a Capitol event.
Marijuana is now legal in 28 states for medical use. Patients in Pennsylvania will be able to take the drug as an oil, pill or liquid, but are not allowed to smoke it under the law.
The law makes medical marijuana available for 17 serious medical conditions, including epilepsy, intractable seizures and cancer.
The health department is charged with creating the supply chain necessary to grow marijuana plants in greenhouses, process the plants into oils and liquids and sell the product to certified patients in dispensaries.
The department is reviewing an estimated 900 applicants statewide for permits to grow and process marijuana or sell it to registered patients at dispensaries. But the department won't have a total list of applicants until that review is complete, spokesperson April Hutcheson said Monday.
The state expects to issue permits sometime this summer and will release a list of all the applicants after the permits are issued, they added.
The department will initially issue up to 12 permits for grower/processors and up to 27 permits to dispense marijuana across Pennsylvania.
There are two grower/processor permits and four dispensary permits available in the 10-county administrative region covering Northeast Pennsylvania and the Lehigh Valley. The counties are Carbon, Lackawanna, Lehigh, Luzerne, Monroe, Northampton, Susquehanna, Pike, Wayne and Wyoming.
Contact the writer:
rswift@timesshamrock.com
THE Ironman 70.3 Asia Pacific Championship competition will be done only in the cities of Lapu-Lapu and Mandaue after the Cebu City and Liloan town local government units disallowed the closure of the SRP road and the main highway in Liloan for several hours.
During a press conference, Lapu-Lapu City Mayor Paz Radaza said they will find ways to give the Ironman organizers use of certain roads in the city to complete the bike race.
“We will make sure the public is aware of the event for them to plan their trips or appointments ahead and avoid being stuck due to road closures,” they said.
The triathlon will be done on August 5, which falls on a Sunday.
They said they will also notify possible affected companies through a notice letter of the closure of ML Quezon Highway from the first bridge in Barangay Pajo, Pusok, Ibo, Buaya, Mactan, Maribago, Agus, Basak-Marigondon road in Barangay Marigondon, Basak and Pajo.
According to the mayor, barangay officials will be tasked to prepare for the event and conduct a daily “recorida” or public announcements using a megaphone on board vehicles that would go around the villages.
Regent Aguila said the IRONMAN 70.3 Asia Pacific Championship three-loop bike course will take participants around Lapu-Lapu and Mandaue cities only.
The bike route may be closed starting at 5:00-6:00 a.m. until 1:00-2:00 in the afternoon.
Participants will take a narrow road leading to the main part of the race course passing through Mactan Newtown from Shangri-La Mactan towards the first bridge via Barangays Buaya, Ibo, Pusok and Pajo.
From the bridge, the bikers will turn left to Plaridel Street or DM Cortes St. and head towards F.E. Zuellig Ave. and make the first turnaround at KM 14 before heading back to the old bridge.
They will then move to the Basak-Marigondon Road up to Quezon National Highway crossing in Barangay Marigondon, turning left towards the Mactan Newtown area to complete the first loop at KM 30.
Bikers will begin the second loop heading to the old bridge and make a turnaround at F.E. Zuellig Ave at KM 43 then head back to Basak Marigondon road and turn left at Quezon National Highway to complete the second loop at KM 59.
Bikers doing the final loop will go back to the first bridge and turn around at F.E. Zuellig Ave at KM 73 and head back to Basak Marigondon road and head towards to Quezon National Highway towards the Mactan Newtown at KM 89 then turn right to go to the transition area to end the bike course. /with Jessa Mae O. Sotto
In an attempt to cut down on the hundreds of Albertans who die every year from opioid overdoses, the province and city are working towards creating supervised consumption services in many communities starting with Calgary and Edmonton.
On Wednesday morning, the province said that supervised consumption services are planned for the Sheldon Chumir Centre in Calgary as well as four other centres in Edmonton.
The sites would allow addicts to use drugs in a controlled environment with access to medical attention and equipment if something goes wrong.
Officials say they chose the Shldon M. Chumir Health Centre because staff understand the impact of the opioid crisis and have the services already available to help addicts.
"This city has been hard hit by the mounting rate of opioid deaths," said Brandy Payne, Alberta's Associate Minister of Health. "Our first priority must be to keep Albertans alive. Harm reduction programs are important tools to keep people safe."
Payne says that the government recognizes that substance abuse is not a choice and must provide a range of supports for those affected.
They say the services understand that the individuals will continue to do drugs but will provide treatment services and counselling when the clients are open to receiving help.
Mayor Naheed Nenshi says the need for these types of centres is urgent and immediate.
"When it comes to people's lives, we needed these solutions yesterday," they said. "We have to help people stay alive and we have to help people get better and we have to do that while preventing people from starting and while choking off supply. All of these things need to be working together in an integrated way."
Nenshi says the supervised consumption services work to save lives.
"They do that without increasing drug use and without increasing crime in the communities in which they operate."
They wish that these types of facilities weren't required, but they also know that Calgary is a community.
"These are human beings; they are our neighbours, they are our fellow citizens. Our number one job in our community is to keep people alive and to keep them safe and we have to do it. We have to do it as part of a multi-prong strategy; we need to work on enforcement, we need to work on prevention and we desperately need to work on treatment but we also need to keep people alive. It reminds us that there's no treatment if you're dead."
"Arresting somebody and putting them in jail simply because they are an addict is continuing the process of addiction," said CPS Chief Roger Chaffin.
Chaffin says the clinic is the first way authorities have to get to know addicts and make sure they are there to help navigate them through the difficult process.
"These people suffer from so many other issues, from homelessness, to mental health, criminal behaviours, dysfunction in the home. Here is our chance to meet them in a safe setting, in a clinical setting so we can help start moving them through that process."
Calls for these services have been discussed for a while with a committee, named the ‘Calgary Coalition on Supervised Consumption' studying the issue.
It consulted with the city, police, Alberta Health Services, community organizations and drug users.
Earlier this year, on the National Day of Action on Opioid Deaths, protesters in Calgary demanded more programs for harm reduction from drug use.
Statistics show that the risk of opioids is real, as 363 Albertans died of fentanyl overdoses in 2016.
In the first quarter of 2017, 113 people died in the province, with Calgary attributed with the majority (51) of those.
Now, the province will be engaging in a public consultation process over the proposal, where Calgarians will be asked about their opinion and public information meetings will be in place starting at the end of the month,
The province wants to have the site operational by the end of the year.
Police investigate reports of damage to historic shipwreck
Photo Credit: Bev Ross An original sketch of the Daring by Edwin Brookes 1863.
Scavengers have already taken to a 153-year-old shipwreck with a chainsaw, despite warnings to stay away.
A New Zealand Defence Force spokesperson said the theft occurred right after archeologists visited the site at Muriwai beach, north-west Auckland, on May 27.
"Overnight Tuesday the stern handrail and a large portion of the front rigging of the wreck were removed by chainsaw," the spokesperson said.
The wreck was the Daring – a schooner driven ashore in a severe gale in 1865.
﻿
READ MORE:
* Century-old schooner uncovered by shifting sand at Muriwai beach
* The shipwrecked boat that was no match for Wellington's wind
* Oreti Beach discovery may be 150-year-old shipwreck
SUPPLIED A large part of the handrail and front rigging of the wreck was removed with a chainsaw by scavengers.
Police said NZDF had reported the damage to them and police were looking into it.
A Muriwai resident who visited the site on May 30 said the rear end of the ship was removed because it had kauri art work.
"It's reckless," the resident said.
SUPPLIED A shipwreck discovered along the coast of the Kaipara range is investigated by archaeologist Greg Walter (left) and Auckland Council Cultural Heritage specialist Rob Brassey.
"Something that had been preserved for so long could have been saved for maritime history."
Heritage New Zealand mid-northern manager Bev Parslow said their preference was to keep a shipwreck where it was found.
"Unfortunately that creates issues around fossickers taking items that do not belong to them.
SUPPLIED The ship appeared to be a 153-year-old schooner.
"Heritage New Zealand is following up the recorded damage and, depending on evidence gathered, will determine how best to progress this matter."
Parslow said the wreck was part of New Zealand's history and should not be tampered with.
"Its full story can then be told for all New Zealanders to appreciate and learn from."
SUPPLIED Archaeologists from the New Zealand Heritage team were investigating the origin of the ship.
Even when a team of archaeologists first visited the site, the wreck had already been preyed upon by scavengers.
Auckland Council Heritage Unit principal specialist Robert Brassey said it was "astounding" that someone would damage a historic site.
"Someone has been selfish enough to have damaged the ship within days of it being exposed by scavenging timber off it," Brassey said.
"Several deck planks and a section of railing have been removed from the wreck."
NZDF has warned people to stay away from the site at all times, or face trespassing.
The wreck was on an archeological site protected under the provisions of the Heritage New Zealand Pouhere Taonga Act.
​Under the Act, any person damaging or destroying any part of the wreck or wreck site was liable to a fine of up to $60,000.
NZDF have stepped up their security on the site and a protection unit was providing a cordon from May 31.
"The wreck is in the New Zealand Defence Force Kaipara Air Weapons Range, where the public are banned 24/7," NZDF said.
The wreck was discovered by a Muriwai local on May 27, uncovered by shifting sands.
Brassey said the Daring was well-preserved, and it appeared to have been buried in the sand since it was driven ashore 153 years ago.
"This stretch of coastline is highly dynamic and the sand is constantly moving," they said.
"There have been elevated high tides recently which explains why such a substantial wreck that has been buried for many years has become exposed like this.
"It may well get covered up again."
The 17 metre-long schooner was a two-masted ship carrying a cargo of grass seed when it was driven onto the beach near South Head on the Kaipara Harbour.
It had been built just two years earlier in Mangawhai and owned by David Kirkwood of Onehunga.
- Stuff
A report by Health Quality Ontario, released Tuesday, charts the health status and access to care of the more than 800,000 Ontarians who live north of the Great Lakes.
Like many people in northern Ontario, Picotte's friends and family must travel for hours to access essential health care.
Timmins has its own hospital, but lacks the specialty care to treat certain serious ailments, said Picotte, chair of the Métis Nation of Ontario.
Them husband was preparing the make the journey 12 years ago, so they could see a heart specialist. They died before they got the chance.
Nearly 300 kilometres separate Timmins from Sudbury. That's the distance France Picotte has had to drive with their mothers and sisters-in-law when they needed radiation treatment or certain types of chemotherapy.
Northern residents are more likely to die prematurely from disease or accidents. They are more likely to have multiple chronic illnesses at once, such as diabetes, heart disease, depression or anxiety. They have higher rates of smoking, and less timely access to primary health care professionals like family doctors or nurse practitioners.
Life expectancy for Ontario's general population is 81.5 years. For northern residents it is more than 2.5 years lower.
The differences between north and south are stark.
When they need extensive, ongoing medical help, many have to travel long distances to large urban centres for treatment like surgery, radiation, or even post-chemo consultations.
“We're not comparing countries far away from each other... we're comparing people who live literally in the same geographic province,” said Dr. Joshua Tepper of Health Quality Ontario.
“There's a risk that we think of (the north) as dramatically not part of Ontario and yet it very much is. This is our province, these are people in our health care system and in our society.”
In addition to the physical distance from large health care services, there are institutional barriers to connecting northern residents to care.
Dr. Peter Hutten-Czapksi, a family doctor in Haileybury in northeast Ontario said, in the report, that rural practices are treated as “second-tier” by hospitals in Toronto.
“They say, ‘Our beds are full, our emergency room is full. Phone somewhere else to get the help that you need,'” Hutten-Czapski said in the report. “It is very frustrating when you sort of have to advocate for a long period of time on a recurrent basis to finally find someone who will be able to take care of the patient.”
Tepper stressed the importance of looking not only at the health care system, but also the social causes of poor health, factors such as income and culture and environment that lead to illness or lack of treatment access.
Nutritious food can be prohibitively expensive in the north, for instance.
“Fresh fruit and vegetables aren't cheap,” said Picotte. “In the summertime many of my people have gardens but in the winter time, they eat a lot of macaroni.”
Social and cultural circumstances can be particularly vital to understanding and addressing health in Indigenous communities.
The report breaks down population statistics by Local Health Integration Networks — provincial bodies that plan and fund health care in Ontario.
Over 18 per cent of the northwest's population and 11 per cent of the northeast population identify as indigenous, compared with just 2.4 per cent of Ontario as a whole.
Indigenous leaders and health care providers say these communities have unique health risks and challenges to accessing care.
“Many of my people speak (the Métis language) Michif or speak a (dialect) French,” said Picotte. “Sometimes they have a difficulty with the language with expressing themselves to say what's wrong.”
Not so long ago, life for indigenous people in the northern Ontario involved plenty of physical activity — gathering firewood, carrying water, said Mae Katt, a member of the Temagami First Nation and a Thunder Bay-based nurse practitioner.
Now, modern conveniences have led to a more sedentary lifestyle and poor fitness.
“We don't have the recreation facilities, we don't have the equipment, and that's not our lifestyle,” Katt said.
Perhaps most dire of all, youth suicide continues to plague indigenous communities, the report notes.
Ultimately, said Katt, addressing health concerns for indigenous people must include building up greater ties to culture and family, which may have been lost through past traumas and social upheaval.
Tepper said improving northern health will require investment outside the healthcare system as well as within it.
“But also,” Tepper said. “(We must) think of resources not just as money but as culturally appropriate and regionally appropriate and sustainable over time.”
Arizona Coyotes left wing Max Domi 16) celebrates their goal against the Calgary Flames goaltender Mike Smith
ISTANBUL: Turkish authorities believe the attacker who killed 39 people at an Istanbul nightclub over the New Year is linked to Islamic State (IS) militants and may be from Central Asia, the Hurriyet daily said.
Hurriyet said Turkish police and intelligence had received information over the risk of a New Year's attack by IS in several Turkish cities and had carried out raids and arrests throughout December in response.
Without citing sources, it said that the attacker - who is still on the run - is believed to be linked to IS and may have been from Kyrgyzstan or Uzbekistan.
Investigators also consider it possible that the attacker is linked to the same cell that in June carried out a triple suicide bombing and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk airport blamed on IS that left 47 dead, it added.
In a separate article also in Hurriyet, columnist Abdulkadir Selvi wrote that Turkey received intelligence from the United States on Dec 30 warning of the risk of attacks by IS in Istanbul and Ankara on New Year's night.
However the intelligence did not specify the location of where such an attack could take place, the article added.
Turkish authorities have so far not said who was behind the attack on the Reina nightclub just after New Year struck.
But they have launched a massive manhunt for the attacker, who is believed to have slipped away after changing their clothes.
The attack came as the Turkish army wages a four-month incursion in Syria to oust IS militants and Kurdish militants from the border area, suffering increasing casualties.
Istanbul, Ankara and other Turkish cities were hit by a string of attacks in 2016 blamed on Kurdish militants that left hundreds dead.
- Advertisement -
The leaders of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) member-states will adopt a road map on the US decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel at the upcoming extraordinary summit on Wednesday, President Recep Erdoğan said.
On December 6, US President Donald Trump said in a statement that the United States officially recognised
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will start the process of relocating the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The decision sparked clashes between Palestinians and Israelis in Ramallah, Bethlehem and other regional cities.
Many Middle-Eastern states and other countries have expressed their discontent over the US move.
“The proclamation of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and the relocation of the US embassy to this city is a pointless move in the eyes of Turkey.
“At our initiative, an emergency meeting of the OIC leaders will take place in Istanbul on Wednesday.
“We will adopt a road map, which will show that Trump's decision would be hard to implement,” Erdoğan said,
- Advertisement -
while addressing the activists of the ruling Turkish party, as quoted by the NTV broadcaster.
The Turkish leader noted that they planned to discuss the issue of Jerusalem, as well as the Syrian crisis settlement with Russian President Vladimir Putin during the latter's working visit to Ankara on Monday.
“We will not leave Jerusalem at the mercy of a terrorist state – the killer of children, which has no other purpose than occupation and robbery. We will resolutely continue our fight,” Erdoğan underlined.
Israel seized then Jordan-controlled East Jerusalem, the Old City along with the entire West Bank, during the 1967 six-day war.
In 1980, the Israeli parliament adopted the Jerusalem Law and proclaimed the city as the “complete and united” capital of the Jewish State.
The international community does not recognize the annexation and considers the status of the city to be one of the core problems of the Middle East conflict, which should be resolved on the basis of an agreement with the Palestinians, which claim the eastern part of Jerusalem.
For this reason, all foreign embassies are located in Tel Aviv.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Martin Sorrell is staging a comeback just six weeks after they were ousted from WPP , using the same formula as in the 1980s when they transformed a little-known shell company into the world's biggest advertising group.
REUTERS: Martin Sorrell is staging a comeback just six weeks after they were ousted from WPP , using the same formula as in the 1980s when they transformed a little-known shell company into the world's biggest advertising group.
One of Britain's best known business people, Sorrell said they would invest 40 million pounds (US$53 million) of their own money into Derriston Capital while institutional investors have pledged 150 million pounds to buy marketing companies.
Advertisement
The London-listed group will be renamed S4 Capital, in reference to four generations of Sorrell's family, while they will become executive chairperson.
Its next moves are likely to be closely watched in an industry facing questions over whether the ad guru's model is still the best way to deliver adverts, marketing, research data and media buying in a digital world.
WPP and its peers have struggled in recent years as major consumer goods groups such as Unilever trimmed spending on marketing and took some services in house, while consultancies such as Accenture have stepped up competition and Facebook and Google dominate the online ad market.
"S4 Capital is a company that aims to build a multi-national communication services business focused on growth," the 73-year-old said. "There are significant opportunities for development in technology, data and content."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The new company, which has raised 51 million pounds through Sorrell and institutional investors including Lombard Odier, Miton, a Rothschild investment unit, Schroders and Toscafund, is in early talks over a number of potential acquisitions.
The group is looking to buy assets in the faster growing part of the industry such as technology and data which can be used to maximize the effectiveness of advertising, while markets such as India could also be of interest.
TRIED AND TESTED
Taking charge of a listed shell company repeats the tactic Sorrell used in the 1980s when they took a stake in Wire and Plastics Products, a maker of shopping baskets, and used it as a vehicle to buy some of the most famous advertising agencies such as JWT and Ogilvy & Mather.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Derriston Capital is a little-known two-year-old listed shell company set up to invest in medical technology.
Over 30 years Sorrell built WPP into a company with 200,000 staff in 112 countries by adding market research groups, media buyers, and public relations firms such as Finsbury.
Worth 16 billion pounds, WPP returned millions to shareholders, including its CEO, and dominated the industry for decades. According to Thomson Reuters data, Sorrell is still the eighth biggest investor in WPP, with a 1.4 percent stake.
Sorrell had vowed to break down the barriers at WPP to make it easier for clients to get all the services they needed from a small team, rather than from a range of people among the more than 400 agencies it owned.
Starting again should make it easier to mould a business more aligned to the needs of today.
WPP competes with U.S. groups Omnicom and IPG , France's Publicis and Japan's Dentsu, while thousands of small independent companies provide everything from ads for mobile phones to creative work and data analytics.
Sorrell quit WPP after the board opened an investigation into an allegation of personal misconduct.
The company has not given any details and Sorrell has denied any wrongdoing. They told staff they had stepped down because the disruption was putting too much pressure on the business.
(Reporting by Kate Holton; editing by Sarah Young and Alexander Smith)
Arsene Wenger says a lack of “financial power” prevented Arsenal from bolstering their defensive ranks in the January transfer window.
The Gunners were able to bring added firepower in the final third onto their books, with a club-record £55 million fee acquiring Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan also arrived from Manchester United in a swap deal which took Alexis Sanchez in the opposite direction.
Promising Greek defender Konstantinos Mavropanos was the only addition at the back, though, and Wenger admits they are unable to compete with the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool – who spent £57m and £75m on Aymeric Laporte and Virgil van Dijk respectively – for the best in the business.
The Frenchman told reporters after facing criticism for failing to enhance a key area of their squad: “Look, defensive strengthening is a huge problem for everybody.
“Everybody looks for defenders. You could see again, you look at City, they buy again a defender. How much money did they spend on defenders in the last three years?
“We don't have the financial power of Manchester City. And the fact that they conceded half the goals we conceded is as well down to the fact that offensively they are very powerful. And they have a lot of possession in the opponent's half that we have not.”
Arsenal were heavily linked with West Brom's Jonny Evans as the window came to a close.
The former Manchester United centre-half would have added vast Premier League experience to their squad, but a late offer was knocked back by the Baggies.
Alan Pardew admitted after the deadline passed that an offer from Arsenal had got “nowhere near” securing the Northern Ireland international, with reports suggesting that the Gunners only put £12m on the table.
With no deal done, Wenger will have to dip back into the market over the summer if they are to find the necessary additions to a defensive unit which could lose Per Mertesacker at the end of their contract.
Farming and robotics. They might seem like rather antithetical fields, one among the oldest vocations in the world, dating back well over 10,000 years; the other, largely an advent of the last century.
But the two share many similarities, chief among them a constant need for refinement and evolution in service of humankind. So, when a team of University of Illinois researchers set out to create a robot that would help optimize agriculture and crop management, it was a natural fit.
Described in a recent Illinois press release, the TerraSentia is a unique, semi-autonomous phenotyping robot that gently rolls between crop rows using an array of cutting-edge sensing equipment to relay information about the status and health of plants in a given acre. That info is sent in real time to the operator's computer or mobile device.
TerraSentia is customizable and teachable, according to the researchers, who currently are developing machine-learning algorithms to “teach” the robot to detect and identify common diseases, and to measure a growing variety of traits, such as plant and corn ear height, leaf area index and biomass. “These robots will fundamentally change the way people are collecting and utilizing data from their fields,” said U. of I. agricultural and biological engineering professor Girish Chowdhary.  They are leading a team of students, engineers and postdoctoral researchers in development of the robot.
TerraSentia's advantages over conventional phenotyping methods are numerous. The lightweight robot is easy to transport and can roll over young plants without damaging them. TerraSentia can also work efficiently for long hours, and, if grouped as a swarm, could quickly survey a large farm, eliminating the need for costly, time-consuming phenotyping by humans.
For plant breeders looking to increase crop output, drought and disease resistance, TerraSentia will be of particular utility, objectively measuring individual plants of different genotypes in tight groupings. That could help speed the agricultural breakthroughs needed to feed our growing planetary population.
TerraSentia was presented at the 2018 Energy Innovation Summit Technology Showcase held on March 14th in National Harbor, Maryland. Testing by major seed companies, US universities and other partner organizations is set to begin in the spring, and a limited public rollout will begin during the 2018 breeding season.
To learn more about TerraSentia, including how it could benefit farmers in the developing world, and check out a video of the robot in action, check out the full University of Illinois release here.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Students from McCann School of Business and Technology's closing campuses in Hazle and Wilkes-Barre townships are going to be getting help finishing their education — from Luzerne County Community College.
LCCC officials will be meeting with students to discuss how they can help, LCCC President Thomas P. Leary said Friday afternoon.
“We met with officials of McCann's yesterday (Thursday),” Leary said. “We will be meeting with the 400 students from the Hazleton (Hazle Twp.) and Wilkes-Barre (Twp.) individually over the next two weeks to discuss what their programs and goals are. We are doing everything in our power to help these young people complete their education.”
LCCC is helping at McCann's request, Leary said.
“They contacted us, and asked if we would be able to serve their students,” Leary said.
McCann offered a variety of programs, but their massage therapy and commercial industrial maintenance technician programs are similar to programs LCCC offers — industrial maintenance electrician and building maintenance programs and massage therapy through its continuing education program at its main campus in Nanticoke.
“I think that's why they contacted us, because we are probably the best fit,” Leary said.
LCCC has had a campus in the Broad Street Business Exchange in downtown Hazleton for several years. But bringing programs to Hazleton — some of which may require more than just a classroom and instructor — are more difficult to duplicate, Leary said.
“Anything that requires technology or equipment may require students come to the main campus,” Leary said. “It's not just one clean swipe.”
McCann is preparing to close the two campuses because they lost their accreditation. Government financial aid is not available to students at schools that do not have accreditation.
“These students are going through a very difficult financial time right now,” Leary said.
McCann officials, who failed to return a phone call for comment on this story, previously stated they are working to get the campuses new accreditation. They have until July to do it, but they have stopped accepting new students at the campuses.
Contact the writer:
jdino@standardspeaker.com
570-501-3585
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Office workers in Scunthorpe and Brigg have voted the latest offer from Wetherspoons a real winner.
For The Blue Bell Inn and The White Horse are offering bottomless brews of coffee or tea all day long.
A one-off payment of £1.20 entitles customers to endless free refills from 8am onwards.
Hot chocolate is not yet part of the free refills offer.
For those who know their latte from their mocha, the two pubs use only Italian coffee called Lavazza.
The tea is from Tetley – now owned by the Indian-based Tata Group.
In other pub news, two rival bar operators are reported to be in the running to buy the freehold of The Britannia bar and nightclub in Scunthorpe.
Both prospective bidders, who have not yet been identified, viewed the premises at the corner of the High Street and Frodingham Road recently.
Responding to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's jibe at Congress for "conspiring" with Pakistan for Gujarat election, party leader Anand Sharma on Monday accused them of trying to polarise voters ahead of the second phase of polling on 14 December.
PM has said Congress is conspiring with Pakistan for Gujarat elections.Its outrageous. This is just an attempt to polarize ahead of second phase of voting.This also shows their desperation and that BJP's loss is now guaranteed: Anand Sharma,Congress pic.twitter.com/1Ax2qxDzvN — ANI (@ANI) December 11, 2017
Speaking at a press conference, Sharma said Modi's comments displayed their desperation and that BJP's loss was now guaranteed in the prime minister's home state. On Friday, Modi addressed a public gathering in Gujarat's Bhabhar, where they lashed out at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar, and alleged that Aiyar had told "people from Pakistan to get Modi out of the way." "Did you go to Pakistan to offer a supari on my head?" Modi asked.
Calling Modi's words reprehensible, the Congress said that a former Pakistan foreign minister was in New Delhi to attend a wedding. "Ex-Pakistan foreign minister was here (New Delhi) to attend a wedding. There was a dinner organised for them in which there were former diplomats and the former army chief among other dignitaries. Does the prime minister think they were all conspiring with Pakistan? It is reprehensible," ANI quoted Sharma as saying. On Sunday, they invoked Pakistan once again in a rally in Palanpur, saying Congress leaders held secret meetings with Pakistan officials.
"You people must have read the newspapers about the incident at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. It was an issue of hot debate, and the media said that a meeting between former Pakistan high commissioner, former minister of external affairs of Pakistan, former vice-president Hamid Ansari and former prime minister Manmohan Singh was held at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. The meeting had run for three hours and the next day they called me neech," Modi was quoted as saying by The Times of India.
Earlier on Monday, the Pakistan Foreign Office in Islamabad slammed Modi for dragging Pakistan into the internal politics of the country. Calling the comments "utterly baseless and irresponsible", Foreign Office spokesperson, Dr Mohammad Faisal took to Twitter to express their displeasure. They said that India should "win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies".
India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible. — Dr Mohammad Faisal (@ForeignOfficePk) December 11, 2017
Click here for detailed coverage of Gujarat Assembly Election 2017
A Paralympic gold medalist, Paul Kehinde, says their target at the forthcoming Commonwealth Games in Gold Coast is to set a record that will stay unbroken for about a decade.
Kehinde, who is the current Paralympics and world record holder in the men's para-powerlifting -65kg category, said they would redouble their efforts to achieve theirs aim.
“With the help of God and the encouragement and training by my coach, Are Feyisetan, I have been able to do the country proud in para-powerlifting.
“The newly-renovated gym and support from the Sports Ministry have also impacted positively on my preparations for the Games.
“My target in this sport now is to set a record that will be unbreakable in the next 10 or 20 years to come and I believe that with determination and the help of God, I will achieve it,” they said in Lagos on Monday.
Kehinde is among the six athletes who will represent the country in the para-powerlifting event of the Games holding from April 4 to April 15 in Gold Coast.
Kehinde won the gold medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games and also won gold at the 2016 Paralympics after smashing the world record twice with a lift of 220kg.
At the IPC Powerlifting World Championships held in Mexico in 2017, Kehinde broke their own record of 220kg with a lift of 220.5kg.
Kehinde went further to break their own world record of 220.5kg at the 2018 9th Fazza World Cup held in Dubai in Februrary with a lift of 221kg.
The Canadian Press
TORONTO - A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
The 25-year-old appeared in a packed Toronto courtroom this morning clad in a white jumpsuit and only spoke their name during the brief hearing.
Police arrested Minassian less than half an hour after the incident, which took place at 1:30 p.m. on Monday.
Authorities say 10 people died and another 15 were injured as a result of the attack.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that while the investigation into the attack is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest it was related to terrorism.
Pallekele [Sri Lanka], Aug 14 (ANI): After Indian completed a three-match Test series whitewash against Sri Lanka 3-0 with a huge victory in Pallekele, skipper Virat Kohli on Monday heaped praises on `Man of the Match` Hardik Pandya, saying that it was their innings which changed the mindset of the opposition.
Pandya stood out with the bat in the third and the final Test as they struck a whirlwind 108-run century to guide India to a first-innings total of 487 runs.
Asserting that Pandya's performance has spoken for itself, Kohli said that the former is a great `gun fielder` and extremely handy with both bat and ball, thus bringing a lot of balance to the team.
"I don't think I need to add any more lines, their performance has spoken for itself. People might have problems with the kind of demenour they have or the belief they carry with himself, but we, certainly in the team, have no doubts on that. We let them be who they are, we let them express himself. You know, a guy who can get a fifty and a hundred in their first three games batting at No.8 has to have something special in him. And the innings that they played here, after being 320 for 6, it wasn't just mad slogging," Kohli said following the win.
"He actually used their brain and batted with the tail which I think is a great sign for us. They bring in great balance to the team, he's a gun fielder and they give you those crucial breakthroughs, he's very handy with the ball and we know what they can do with the bat as well. All doubts aside from the outside, inside the team we absolutely have 120% faith in him," they added.
Kohli also couldn't stop themselves gushing over Umesh Yadav and Mohammad Yadav, saying that the duo had done exceedingly well for the Indian team last home season and that it was great to see them replicating the same this time as well.
"Shami and Umesh have done really well in the last home season as well for us, both with the new ball and old ball and that is the reason we backed them in the series. It's great to see both of them still bowling with a lot of heart, still putting in a lot of efforts. In the last Test match as well and even today the way both bowled was great to watch," they said.
"The effort from both of them and you can see the desire to make something happen for the team. Actually the breakthrough of the fast bowlers in the last home season as well was the key for us. So, yes the depth has really helped us to capitalize more situations, in favour of the team and actually end up winning Test matches and series. So that has been the defining factor," the skipper added.
When quizzed if they consider Shami among top three in the world, the 28-year-old admitted that the former has all the ingredients of becoming a consistent world-class bowler.
"I certainly rate them top three for sure. Because of their wicket-taking ability and the kind of impact they have on games. When they make up their mind to come out and give it their 120%, then they can bowl like this - 145, 140 clicks on a regular basis and troubling the batsmen. It is not just reckless bowling," they said.
"So they are a quality bowler, they have all the ingredients of becoming a consistent world-class bowler, provided the fitness factor can be maintained and hopefully they are not hampered with any more injuries.  They are a very valuable bowler for us and when they are on song, it's delightful to watch. We all really enjoy standing on the field and watching them bowl like that.  They are very special," Kohli said.
A superb bowling performance by Ravichandran Ashwin and Shami saw India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 171 runs in the third and final match in Pallekele to register their first-ever overseas Test series whitewash.
Resuming at yesterday's score of 19-1, the Indian bowlers pierced through the Sri Lankan batting to bundle them out for 181 in their second innings after the Virat Kohli-led side enforced the follow-on on Day Two.
Niroshan Dickwella (41) was the only player from the Lankan team to have shown some resistance before being dismissed off Umesh Yadav's delivery.
Ashwin was the pick of the bowlers for the visitors, bagging four crucial wickets to add to their first innings figures of two wickets.The off-spinner was well supported by Shami as they removed three Sri Lankan batsmen.
Umesh Yadav scalped two wickets while Kuldeep Yadav, who was playing their first overseas Test, also chipped in with two wickets.
Earlier, Yadav picked a four-wicket haul, while Shami and Ashwin took up two wickets each as Lanka were all-out for 135 runs--which is their lowest total in the first innings against India at home-in reply to India's first innings score of 487. (ANI)
New Delhi: The Delhi BJP chief on Saturday voiced shock and horror over the alleged honour killing of a photographer in the city and demanded stern action against the culprits.
"Shocked and horrified at cold-blooded murder of Ankit Saxena. Culprits should be punished with the highest quantum," Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari said in a tweet, urging the Delhi Police Commissioner Amulya Patnaik to take stern action against the culprits.
Shocked and Horrified on cold blooded murder of #AnkitSaxena .
Culprits should be punished with the highest quantum @CPDelhi @DelhiPolice #JusticeForAnkit — Manoj Tiwari (@ManojTiwariMP) February 3, 2018
Sir,
All accused persons involved in murder have been arrested. Expeditious and speedy investigation is being ensured under supervision of senior officers. DCP West. — DCP West Delhi (@DCPWestDelhi) February 3, 2018
Tiwari's remarks came a day after Ankit Saxena was killed in a case of honour killing in Delhi's Khyala area on Thursday night.
The Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief also said they would visit the family of Saxena.
Saxena was allegedly killed by the family of a woman they were in a relationship with.
According to Delhi Police, the woman's family was against their relationship as they belonged to different communities and had told them to end it.
The CGSRLM Recruitment 2017 application process will close on 17th August 2017, thereby the candidates have just 3 more days to apply for the 178 Posts issued by Chhattisgarh State Rural Livelihoods Mission (CGSRLM) on its official website bihan.gov.in CGSRLM had released the notification inviting applications for the posts of Project Manager, MIS Assistants amongst various others vacancies.Candidates who wish to apply can do the same by following the instructions given below:Step 1: Visit the official website bihan.gov.in Step 2: Click on the Online Application links as per the Job you are applying forStep 3: Enter the Required detailsStep 4: Upload scanned copies of your photo and signatureStep 5: Submit the online application form on or before the closing dateStep 6: Take a print out for future useAs per the official notification, applications are invited for 178 posts divided across the roles of Program Executive, Steno, District Program Manager, Accountant, Data Entry Operator, Block Project Manager, Area Coordinator, Accountant cum MIS Assistant, Project Manager, MIS and Document Officer, MIS Data-Entry Operator and Block Coordinator.The last date for applying online is 17th August 2017. To be eligible for applying for the CGSRLM Recruitment 2017, candidates must have 12th / Computer Diploma / Bachelor's degree or equivalent qualification in relevant discipline from Recognized Universities depending on the post applied for.Candidates can read the eligibility in the detailed notification on the official website. Applicants may download the syllabus pattern, old question papers etc from the website to prepare well for the recruitment exam.The examination will be conducted in 2 main stages viz:1) Written Examination2) Interview conducted by Chhattisgarh State Rural Livelihoods MissionDetails like exam date, admit cards, test centers, etc will be announced in the website after the completion of registration process.
If the Supreme Court reverses Quill, it will drastically impact remote sellers, particularly those selling into the U.S. from foreign countries.
For remote retailers, marketplace providers, international sellers, and many others, the world may change dramatically in the next month or so.
On April 17, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments in South Dakota v. Wayfair, a case in which South Dakota seeks to have a statute imposing economic nexus standards on remote sellers upheld by the court.
Depending on the outcome, the landscape of sales and use tax collection in the United States could be very different very soon. With roughly 10,000 state and local tax jurisdictions in the U.S., companies should consider now how they can prepare for a change in the current standards.
Where Are We Now?
In its 1992 Quill v. North Dakota decision, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that a state cannot require a business to collect use tax from in-state customers if the business has no physical presence in the state. In the 25 years since that case was decided, states have been increasingly aggressive in their efforts to narrow Quill's effect. However, Quill is currently the law of the land for use tax collection.
In recent years, several states have adopted provisions that require sellers with no physical presence to collect sales and use tax if they exceed certain bright-line sales or transaction thresholds, often specifically acknowledging that these “economic nexus” standards directly conflict with the Supreme Court's holding in Quill.
What Might Be Ahead
In its petition for certiorari (a review of the decision), South Dakota asked the Court to revisit and abrogate the physical presence requirement that the Court upheld in Quill.
Although the business community will have to wait for the final ruling sometime in June, one thing is certain: a reversal of Quill would drastically impact remote sellers, particularly companies making sales into the U.S. from foreign countries.
It is unlikely the Court would adopt a bright-line sales and use tax nexus rule which would establish a clear standard based on sales or transaction volumes in its decision.
Instead, a reversal of Quill could create substantial uncertainty for remote retailers.
Unless Congress acts to adopt a national standard, there will likely be little to no uniformity of applicability of the nexus standard among the states and — in many states — no clear guidance for retailers on when they are required to collect.
With or without guidance, many sellers may well need to begin collecting tax in states in which they lack a physical presence shortly after the Court rules. The time to prepare for this possibility is now.
How Companies Can Prepare
If the Supreme Court overturns Quill's physical presence requirement, a company's infrastructure for transaction tax processing, compliance, and accounting will need to change quickly.
To support sales and use tax compliance, companies will need a system capable of tracking delivery locations, determining taxability, identifying tax rates, ensuring appropriate accounting, and providing the information required to file returns.
Companies will need to consider how indirect tax compliance and accounting are handled, whether the processes are scalable to meet increased demands, and whether the technology (if any) underlying those processes is well-suited to the task.
There is no “one size fits all” approach to technology and tax compliance. Each business will need to determine the approach best fitted to its needs.
Some companies may desire to outsource certain pieces (e.g., taxability and rate determination) of the compliance process and rely on a provider to receive the appropriate information from their enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems; to make appropriate tax determinations; and to deliver the transaction data back to the ERP system.
Other companies, because of their worldwide footprint and type of business, may consider implementing a new tax engine or upgrading a legacy tax engine to ensure greater control and adaptability to their unique needs.
Regardless of the approach ultimately taken, an overturn of Quill will require companies to evaluate their current indirect tax compliance and accounting approaches and determine if they are suited to a post-Quill world.
Given the possibility that companies may need to begin collecting taxes in new states within a short period, they should consider the following steps to help prepare for the outcome of the Wayfair case:
Review business activities to determine where filing obligations may exist both before and after Wayfair. Consider the overall potential business implications, including additional costs related to technology updates and increased compliance requirements. Prepare for discussions with key stakeholders. Analyze the potential taxability of products and services in jurisdictions where the company may be required to collect, including current invoicing methods that may bundle taxable and nontaxable products. Determine whether current technology and personnel resources have the ability to support increased taxability analysis, tax compliance, document retention, and audit activity. Develop a plan for maintaining sales tax compliance if Quill is overturned, including consideration of technology needs, personnel needs, and the potential use of third-party services providers. Consider how the company will monitor sales tax changes (such as tax rates, law changes, and procedural issues) in the various jurisdictions.
Even if the Supreme Court does not overturn Quill, certain states have moved aggressively over the last decade to blunt and narrow the law's impact. These state actions have already created a conundrum for remote retailers, and it is unlikely that these efforts will cease.
If Quill is not overturned, it is likely that additional states could adopt “apps and cookie” nexus standards, which assert that the use of in-state apps or cookies constitute a physical presence, or use tax notice and reporting requirements, which require non-collecting sellers to provide certain information to the state and to purchasers.
Certain states could also continue to aggressively define what creates physical presence nexus and continue to press forward with imposing collection or reporting requirements on electronic marketplace operators. Those kinds of state actions will create many of the same risks for sellers as an overturn of Quill and require them to address similar questions and challenges.
Kent Johnson (kjohnson@kpmg.com) is a partner and national leader for indirect tax services in the State and Local Tax practice of KPMG LLP. Harley Duncan (hduncan@kpmg.com) is a managing director and leader of the state and local tax group in the Washington National Tax practice of KPMG. The authors thank Sarah Vergel de Dios (svergeldedios@kpmg.com), manager in the state and local tax group of the Washington National Tax practice, for their contributions to this article
This article represents the views of the authors only, and does not necessarily represent the views or professional advice of KPMG LLP.
The information contained herein is of a general nature and based on authorities that are subject to change. Applicability of the information to specific situations should be determined through consultation with your tax adviser.
Arkansas Seeks Legal OK to Begin Executions
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Lawyers for the state of Arkansas fought on multiple legal fronts Monday to begin a series of double executions before a key sedative used in lethal injections expires at the end of the month.
Bruce Earl Ward and Don William Davis Jr. had been scheduled to die Monday night, the first of four double executions set by Gov. Asa Hutchinson for an 11-day period. A federal judge issued stays for each of the inmates Saturday and a state court judge on Friday blocked prison officials from using a paralyzing drug until they could determine whether Arkansas obtained it properly.
Arkansas appealed in those cases and also hoped to dissolve a separate stay for Ward that had been issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. In a victory for the state Sunday, a federal judge in western Arkansas denied a stay request by Davis.
Any significant delay in court arguments could make them largely meaningless: Arkansas' midazolam supply expires April 30 and the state says it has no source for additional doses.
Inmates went to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals overnight and asked judges to take their time reviewing transcripts and rulings, rather than complete their work in two days as the state has asked.
“Reject the state's request for a rushed analysis of this complex record,” they wrote. They also want the circuit court to schedule oral arguments, which could further run out the clock.
Even with the stays in place and questions remaining before a number of courts, executions are still possible Monday night. The U.S. Supreme Court could be asked to tackle a number of questions before the end of the day and, depending on those answers, Ward could walk to the death chamber at Varner for a 7 p.m. execution.
“Immediate reversal is warranted,” Arkansas' solicitor general, Lee Rudofsky, wrote Saturday in the state's appeal to the St. Louis-based 8th Circuit. “(D)elaying Appellees' executions by even a few days — until Arkansas's supply of midazolam expires — will make it impossible for Arkansas to carry out Appellees' just and lawful sentences.”
At a federal court hearing last week, prison officials testified that they have no new source for the sedative, which is intended to mask the effects of drugs that will shut down the inmates' lungs and hearts. The inmates say midazolam is unsuitable as an execution drug, saying it is not a painkiller and could subject them to a cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
If they aren't knocked out sufficiently, they would be able to feel the pain of their lungs and hearts stopping, they say.
In its request that the 8th Circuit review whether the inmates should be spared because of society's “evolving standards of decency,” the inmates lawyers say that even the executioners could benefit if Arkansas used a less-compressed timetable.
“Multiple executions are likely to result in mental health problems for those involved in the execution process,” they wrote Monday. They noted that Oklahoma began requiring a week between single executions after flaws were uncovered after Clayton Lockett's death during a midazolam execution in 2014.
“The current schedule does not conform to the standards followed in a civilized society,” they wrote.
In state court on Friday, Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen blocked the state from using its supply of vecuronium bromide after a distributor complained prison officials used false pretenses to obtain it. The drug prevents the diaphragm from moving, essentially suffocating the prisoners.
Griffen scheduled a hearing for Tuesday morning, then joined anti-death penalty protesters outside the governor's mansion and tied themselves to a cot as though they were an inmate on a death chamber gurney.
The company that asked Griffen to act, McKesson Corp., sought to drop its lawsuit after U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker issued their stays on Saturday. It would keep the right to file another lawsuit if Baker's order is overturned.
A different federal judge has issued a stay for an inmate who won a clemency recommendation from the state's Parole Board, while the state Supreme Court has issued one for another inmate pending more mental health tests.
___
KELLY P. KISSEL , Associated Press
Follow Kelly P. Kissel on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kisselAP and go to http://bigstory.ap.org/author/kelly-p-kissel to see their work.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's private wedding receptions sounded like an absolute blast. But people have to take the word of the guests rather than seeing it for themselves as cameras stopped filming once the wedding ceremony was over. While there have been many rumors about the royal wedding receptions, on Tuesday, wedding guest (and Markle's close friend) Serena Williams debunked a certain royal wedding reception rumor that might have some people kind of sad. But, at the end of the day, proves just how wild the wedding theories have become.
Forget what people might have heard — Williams definitely did not play beer pong at the private royal wedding reception held with 200 of the couple's closest friends and family members in attendance at the Frogmore House at Windsor Castle. Williams made this clear in an interview on Tuesday, according to Us Weekly, stating that they had fun at the royal wedding, but maybe not as much fun as the rumors stated. One thing should be known: Williams doesn't play beer pong, let alone drink beer.
"Oh there was no beer pong," Williams said, according to Us Weekly. While some people might be a bit bummed about this fact, there are no doubts that it looked like Williams, and their husband, Alexis Ohanian, still had the time of their lives at the wedding. In case people missed it, the couple looked incredible in their Instagrams from the day of the wedding.
Williams took time on Tuesday to explain why the rumor was a bit wrong, although they and their husband reportedly found it to be pretty funny. Williams said, according to Us Weekly:
I don't even drink beer, and I don't know where this story came out. It's not even remotely true. And my friends are like, "What happened?" I'm like, "There was no beer pong." I was looking at Alexis like, "Wait a minute, did we miss something?"
Chances are, if they thought they missed something, then there was no beer pong at the royal wedding. The game, which involves players standing in front of two ends of a table and throwing ping pong balls into cups filled with beer, according to Popular Science, does require some athletic ability — but Williams was not the athlete to play it.
Until Williams spoke out about it on Tuesday, some people assumed this rumor was true. Two days after the royal wedding took place, according to Harper's Bazaar, The Sun reported that Williams had "dominated" in beer pong. "Serena Williams played beer pong like it was tennis," a "reception insider" told The Sun. "Everyone had so much fun with it, there were even fireworks."
While guests were treated to a fireworks display at the end of the evening around 11 p.m., according to Us Weekly, it wasn't because Williams was celebrating their first beer pong championship.
With this rumor now debunked, some people have to wonder if any of the other popular rumors from the royal wedding reception could also have been not so true. Like the rumor that Markle and Prince William chose to Whitney Houston's "I Wanna Dance With Somebody" as the song for their first dance, according to The Cut. Or the fact that George Clooney was "running the tequila bar and was serving drinks" to the guests according to E! News.
Until those rumors are dispelled, people will just have to wait for the wedding guests to reveal some more details — just like Markle's close friend, Janina Gavankar did. Gavankar told Town & Country that the wedding reception was a blast. "We all danced until the wee hours," Gavankar said. "We partied and celebrated and ate sliders at two in the morning."
Even without beer pong, it still sounds like Prince Harry, Markle, and their guests had an amazing time. And, at the end of the day, that's what really matters.
SINGAPORE: Marine biology students and conservation volunteers can look forward to exploring coral reefs at Sisters' Islands Marine Park without actually having to go underwater with a new interactive Virtual Reality (VR) underwater simulation.
Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs is a collaboration between local startup Hiverlab, the Info-comm Media Development Authority (IMDA)'s PIXEL Labs and DHI Water and Environment.
In a joint press release on Wednesday (Feb 15), the developers said the training tool will enhance the training of marine biologists and reef monitoring volunteers as they learn methods in the assessment and monitoring of coral reefs, orientate themselves on monitoring protocols and practice their identification skills in a virtual setting before they embark on actual dives.
Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs simulation. (Photos: Hiverlab)
Currently, the developers added, instructors have to overcome the limited visibility usually experienced in Singapore waters, as well as the limitation of communication to visual cues and hand signals when training large groups of students or volunteers in habitat monitoring of underwater environments.
During the 30-minutes "dive", users will be virtually guided along the reef to identify various marine organisms and can submit their answers using their Samsung VR headsets.
The development of the product took five months to complete and is now in its prototype stage.
A man wearing a VR headset at a demonstration for the prototype. (Photo: Vanessa Lim)
Moving forward, Hiverlab said it was looking at creating a collaborative platform where 3D scans and photogrammetry of corals and reefs can be crowdsourced to recreational divers, marine biologists and non-governmental organisations. This will allow it to cover more coral reefs around the world and create educational programs or workshops based on the data, it explained.
A standalone prototype of Eyes on Habitat: Coral Reefs will be made available to the public at PIXEL Labs at National Design Centre and Jurong Regional Library in March.
Later this year, Medicaid expansion initiatives are expected to be on the ballot in at least three more states, including Idaho, Nebraska and Utah. The District of Columbia has also expanded Medicaid eligibility.
BRASILIA: Disapproval of Brazilian President Michel Temer's government continues to grow, according to a poll published on Wednesday, as they struggle to enact austerity measures in the face of new corruption allegations against members of their party.
Pollster MDA said the number of people who consider Temer's government "bad" or "terrible" has increased to 44.1 from 36.7 percent in an October poll, while those who rate it as "great" or "good" has fallen to 10.3 from 14.6 percent.
Ten months after Temer took over from impeached leftist Dilma Rousseff, the poll also showed their mentor and Workers' Party leader Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is still Brazil's most popular politician and has improved their chances of returning to office in the 2018 presidential election.
Disapproval of the way Temer themselves is governing has risen to 62.4 from 51.5 percent in October, MDA said.
In the poll commissioned by the national transport lobby CNT, MDA surveyed 2,002 people for four days starting on Feb. 8. The poll has a margin of error of 2.2 percentage points.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
Due to the potential of the Tri-City area feeling some effects of potential Hurricane Nate, KQKI 95.3 FM and Country Music Showdown officials have decided to postpone the event until Oct. 28, according to a news release.
The event, scheduled to be held at the Berwick Lighthouse Festival, has been moved to the Patterson Main Street Festival and Historic Walking Tour.
“The decision was based on the fact that some of the contestants will be traveling from areas such as Tennessee, Mississippi and north Louisiana to perform and also watch the showdown,” Station Manager Bryan Protich said in the release. “We feel that it is better to lean on the side of caution rather than to put our contestants and their families into a possible situation where their safety could be impacted.” KQKI 95.3 FM thanked the town of Berwick and the Berwick Lighthouse Festival for all of their time, effort and understanding.
Ranchers need information to make effective business decisions.
Many factors are beyond their control: cattle market, regulations, precipitation, property taxes and more. But one thing ranchers can control, which is key, knows the cost of production.
Enterprise analysis and unit cost of production (UCOP) are tools that can help ranchers identify where value is being created on the ranch, where costs are occurring and what changes could be made to improve ranch profitability. A rancher who completed the UCOP workshop said, "Every decision affects value in the operation. Every aspect needs to be assigned a value."
Nebraska Extension will conduct a workshop June 27 and 28 at the Panhandle Research and Extension Center at Scottsbluff to teach principles for understanding and using UCOP. Both days are hands-on and interactive for participants, with sessions running from 8:30 a.m. until 4:30 p.m. each day.
Cost is $50 per person and covers meals for both days. Please pre-register one week prior for a meal count. Payment is due the day of the workshop. The workshop is limited to 30 people. Contact Aaron Berger at (308) 235-3122 with questions or to register.
Workshop participants will work through a sample ranch to determine the profitability of four common ranch enterprises: cow-calf, breeding heifers, hay and land. Participants will go through the steps of calculating what it costs to produce a unit of product for each enterprise. They will also learn how to identify how changes could improve ranch profitability.
Recommended Stories For You
For ranchers, UCOP will vary with each enterprise. The cow-calf herd UCOP is figured as cost per pound of weaned calf. Developing a bred heifer requires a UCOP per head. The haying enterprise UCOP is calculated on a per-ton basis. The UCOP for stockers and yearlings is the cost to put on a pound of gain. On a ranch, all these enterprises work together and the numbers provide valuable information for the ranch manager.
It takes time to set up and calculate a UCOP, but the benefits are:
· Knowing what present costs are;
· Projecting future unit cost of production;
· Identifying marketing opportunities to improve profitability;
· Using information to make management and marketing decisions.
Hands-on, group activities, and examples of how to calculate key numbers will help participants through the process. Participants will receive access to Excel spreadsheet templates that can help analyze cost of production for their own operation. Extension Educators Aaron Berger, Jay Jenkins and Bethany Johnston will be available for follow-up after the workshops.
Rogers County deputies and the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation are looking into a possible case of abuse at a home north of Inola.
The sheriff's office got a call from a man Sunday saying their wife came home drunk Saturday night, fell on the floor and wasn't breathing.
An ambulance went to their home north of Highway 412 on Highway 88.
They were taken to a Claremore hospital then transferred to a Tulsa hospital after hospital staff noticed black eyes and they may have a fractured skull and bleeding on the brain.
No word yet if anyone has been arrested.
Barbecue Healthy This Summer With Canola!
Canadian Made BBQ Kick Off with Chef Matt Basile (owner of Fidel Gastro's, Cookbook author & TV personality) in conjunction with the Canola Connect Culinary Workshop Series. Summer is finally here so it's time to light up the grill, grab some cold drinks, blast fun tunes and invite your favourite people over to relish in the beloved BBQ season! Luckily for me, my first BBQ of the year happened to be awith(owner of, Cookbook author & TV personality) in conjunction with the
The Canadian-themed BBQ took place at the lovely home of Joanna Sable, where we indulged in local food and beverage while learning about Canola Oil from Canola Farmers and Experts. We had a chance to chat with Canadian Farmer, Jeannette Andrashewski, who shared some touching stories about their family's passion for farming and how great it feels to be providing Canadian's with the food we eat and buy everyday. The backyard was also decorated in true Canadian flair to really enhance the essence of the evening. We even wrote down our own birthday wishes for Canada's 150th and hung them up around the yard.
As we wrote down our birthday wishes and mingled with one another, Chef Matt Basile was preparing a truly Canadian BBQ using local meats, produce and Canola Oil in just about every dish they made. I was curious as to why Matt uses Canola Oil when barbecuing and learned from them that it's because it has a higher tolerance to heat compared to other oils. The higher heat tolerance helps reduce burnt meat and unwanted carcinogens. The oil is also light in flavour, making it the perfect choice to toss your veggies and meats in before adding them to the grill.
Since Chef Basile is an avid user of Canola Oil, they wanted to share with us some easy ways to incorporate Canola Oil in every day cooking. After making their delicious potato salad dressing from scratch, they led us on our own Sauce and Marinade Making Challenge. They paired us up into teams and provided us with an assortment of condiments, spices, herbs and a bottle of Canola Oil to use as a base for our sauce. Matt mentioned that Canola Oil is an ideal choice when making sauces because it doesn't congeal in the fridge. I thought this was a really important takeaway as I can't stand when certain oil based sauces solidify in the fridge. It was a lot of fun making our own sauces and I love that Canola Oil really absorbed the flavour of the spices and herbs we added.
Another fun activity that we took park in was crushing Canola Seeds with Canola Growers' Ellen Pruden. Ellen showed us the tiny dark seeds that make Canola Oil and taught us about the planting and harvesting process. We even got to crush the seeds to see if they were ripe enough to be used, a process that farmers use to determine if the seeds are ready to turn into Canola Oil.
Two Sisters Vineyards. After all the fun and games, it was time to feast on the incredible spread prepared by Chef Basile. Paired with the dishes were wine's from
Smoked Crostini & Pork Belly BLT Wrap
Red Potato & Mustard Salad
Heirloom Tomato Salad
Bison Ribeye
Hot Honey Smoked Duck Wings
PEI Mussels
We all sat at our very Canadian tables, said EH a lot, and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I'm so grateful for the invite to such an informative event with like-minded health conscious foodies who all share a mutual love for homegrown Canadian products.
Here are some healthy facts and tips for barbecuing with Canola Oil this summer:
Canola oil has a smoke point of 242C (468F) so it is an excellent choice when using high heat
With the lowest amount of saturated fat of any leading oil in your supermarket it also contains a good amount of heart healthy monounsaturated fat and omega-3 fatty acid
Make your own meat and vegetable marinades using canola oil as a base. Canola oil has a neutral flavour, so when you add spices and herbs, the oil absorbs the flavours
Canoil oil is grown right here in Canada, that is reason enough to pick up a bottle the next time you're out grocery shopping
Drizzle Canola Oil on final dishes for added flavour and presentation
Thank you to Branding & Buzzing, Canola Eat Well, Joanna Sable, Two Sisters Vineyards, Chef Matt Basile and all of the amazing guests for a fantastic evening
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2018 Xpeng G3 Enlarge Photo
Chinese electric car startup Xpeng only revealed its G3 SUV to the world at last month's 2018 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, but the vehicle, a potential rival to the Tesla Model X, has been testing in prototype form since 2016. That's why Xpeng is confident of getting the G3 into showrooms, in China only initially, as early as this year.
Xpeng on Monday took another major step toward production of the G3 and other planned models with the announcement of funding of $350 million from multiple investors including e-commerce giant Alibaba and tech goods manufacturer Foxconn, the same company that manufactures iPhones for Apple. It brings Xpeng's total funding to date to approximately $800 million.
That might not seem like enough to develop an electric car and get it to production, and it probably isn't. To cut costs, Xpeng will outsource production to fellow Chinese automaker Haima.
The first model, the G3, is a mid-size SUV designed to seat five and should start from about $40,000, or almost the third the price of a Model X in China. The substantially lower price is made possible by avoiding steep tariffs by building the vehicles in China.
Xpeng will release full details on the G3 closer to the market launch later this year. However, it is expected the vehicle will have a peak power rating of 190 horsepower, a top speed of 105 mph, and a range of about 186 miles.
Other electric SUVs from Chinese startups include the Byton, which also made its debut at at the recent CES, as well as the ES8 from Nio.
NEW YORK: Bitcoin rose to a six-week high on Tuesday on positive headlines that included the possible entry of major financial institutions into the space, lifting sentiment on the overall cryptocurrency market.
The virtual currency gained after a brutal 50 percent loss in the first quarter of the year, following a nearly 1,400 percent surge in 2017.
On Tuesday, bitcoin climbed in six of the last seven sessions. It was last up 4.4 percent at US$9,340.88 on the Bitstamp platform.
Bitcoin's gains also increased demand for other cryptocurrencies such as ripple and ethereum, pushing the market capitalization of all digital currencies to US$427 billion, according to cryptocurrency tracker coinmarketcap.com. That is the largest market cap since early March.
"The space has remained relatively stable over the past several weeks and crypto markets are reacting with resilience as people start to gain a more nuanced understanding of the long-term potential of blockchain technology," said Rob Viglione, co-founder of ZenCash, a coin that promises privacy for borderless, decentralized communications and transactions.
Blockchain, a digital ledger of transactions, underpins cryptocurrencies in general and can be used to track, record, and transfer assets across all industries.
Advertisement
Advertisement
News that major financial institutions are becoming more bullish about the space has also bolstered the confidence of retail investors, Viglione added.
Numerous media outlets reported that Goldman Sachs enlisted Justin Schmidt, a former trader, to be the first head of digital asset markets in the company's securities division. Reports also said Barclays PLC has been gauging interest from its clients about launching a cryptocurrency trading desk.
Reuters also reported on Tuesday that one in five financial institutions is considering trading cryptocurrencies within the next 12 months, according to a survey published by Thomson Reuters.
Among those respondents who said they were willing to trade cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, 70 percent said they were planning to start trading in the next three to six months, the survey showed.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"I think the public catching wind of news that Goldman Sachs and other financial powerhouses are not just showing interest but pro-actively hiring and investing in the crypto markets is instilling a positive sentiment across the board," said Josh McIver, chief executive officer of ULedger, a blockchain technology company.
A total of US$28 billion has changed hands over the last 24 hours, the largest trading volume since Feb. 10, analysts said.
That said, market participants pointed out that challenges in the cryptocurrency space such as increased regulatory focus are not going away any time soon and may take a long time to resolve.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Chris Reese)
IHC grills govt over ‘questionable' agreement with protesters
Zubair Qureshi
The Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Monday observed the state failed miserably in Faizabad sit-in episode and surrendered before a handful of protesters betraying its own people and forces. Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui of the IHC while hearing the case regarding the Faizabad sit-in protest remarked the agreement between the Faizabad protesters and the state and all its clauses and sections were against the constitution and legal norms of the country. It was on November 6, when hundreds of Tehreek-e-Labbaik Ya Rasool Allah (TLYRA) supporters arrived in Rawalpindi and camped at the Faizabad Interchange and blocked the road leading towards Islamabad and called for resignation of Law Minister Zahid Hamid whom they blamed for a hastily-abandoned change in the oath of elected representatives. The group called off its nationwide protests on November 27, after the government met its demand and accepted Zahid Hamid's resignation. Later, the local administration and police after a passage of twenty years and on the orders of the Islamabad High Court carried out a half-hearted operation to clear the road of the protesters but failed. As a result of that botched operation, the government had to strike a deal with the protesters and send its Law Minister packing. The agreement was reportedly brokered between the government and the protesters with the support of the Pak Army.
The IHC bench, on Monday, said the court expected the Army to probe into Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa's name being used in the agreement. Justice Siddiqui asked how the state could abolish terrorist cases against the same protesters who had paralysed the capital and brutally tortured police officials. “Is the police not a part of the state? You should pay a four-month salary to the police officials for their work” they asked.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Daimler and automotive supplier Robert Bosch will start testing self-driving so-called robo-taxis in the next few months, senior executives told a German weekly.
FRANKFURT: Daimler and automotive supplier Robert Bosch will start testing self-driving so-called robo-taxis in the next few months, senior executives told a German weekly.
Mercedes-Benz owner Daimler and Bosch teamed up last year to develop self-driving cars in an alliance aimed at accelerating the production of robo-taxis, joining a growing number of rivals trying to do the same.
"There will be tested vehicles on the streets in the coming months," Bosch Chief Executive Volkmar Denner told Automobilwoche, without being more specific.
The pact between Daimler, the world's No.1 maker of premium cars and Bosch, the world's No.1 automotive supplier, forms a counterweight to new auto industry players like ride-hailing firms Uber and Didi, which are also working on self-driving cars.
Last month, Alphabet Inc's self-driving unit Waymo said it had begun testing self-driving vehicles in Atlanta, bringing to 25 the total number of U.S. cities in which it is testing.
Technology companies and carmakers are striving to adjust to a shifting landscape in the auto industry as consumers increasingly use smartphones to locate, hail and rent vehicles, rather than going out and buying cars.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Apart from highly autonomous level 3 vehicles we will also bring fully autonomous vehicles - level 4/5 - to the streets in the foreseeable future," Wilko Stark, vice president Daimler and Mercedes-Benz Cars strategy, told Automobilwoche.
A level 3 car still needs a steering wheel and a driver who can take over if the car encounters a problem, while level 4 promises driverless features in dedicated lanes. Full autonomy - known as an "eyes off, brains off" or "level 5" system - does away with even the need for a steering wheel.
"The big difference to other competitors is that we are conceptualising our vehicle as a robo-taxi right from the beginning and not as a technology-kit mounted on a serial vehicle. We will not have a makeshift solution," Stark added.
(Reporting by Christoph Steitz; Editing by Andrew Bolton)
Some health professionals think there are things inside your body -- your heart, your lungs, and your brain, to name three -- craving that many steps every 24 hours. (Your feet have asked that you please put them on the couch.)
Because those organs are apparently not properly communicating their desire, the folks at Fitbit have invented something that goes on outside your body, which reminds you daily that you want all those stomps in your life.
The other thing about 10,000 steps is they'll take you pretty far. If you alternately pick your feet up and put them down -- most people do left, right, left, but see what feels best for you -- even half that many times, you might look up and discover that you're not in Kansas any more, Toto.
This seems to be what happened to an innocent woman who unwittingly wound up the subject of criminal supicion last week, thanks to a concerned resident in the Minneapolis exurb of Medina (population 4,892, one of whom is really, really nosy).
A Star Tribune police blotter report (later highlighted by Washington Post reporter and Minnesota adoptee Christopher Ingraham) tells the story.
Officers in Medina responded to a "suspicious person" report in the Cherry Hill Court area of Medina. According to Google Maps, that puts our "person" mere blocks away from the Medina Golf and Country Club.
(Faints onto fainting couch.)
Cops dutifully tracked down the alleged intruder in the toney 'hood, and asked what brought them there. Answer: They "lived nearby," and "she was getting in their 10,000 steps a day."
Well -- one wonders, tipping one's top hat back ever so slightly -- can't they go back to precisely where they live, and take 10,000 steps on their own property?
Maybe Fitbit should invent a device that monitors how many times a person freaks out for no reason each day. Aim for fewer than 10.
I've been pregnant three times and have three beautiful children to show for it. I've also been "lucky" enough to experience pregnancy during all four seasons of the year. For me, pregnancy isn't fun regardless — it's just nine months (give or take) of vomiting, random aches and pains, and being uncomfortable. I can say with absolute authority, though, that being pregnant in the summer is the worst.
I consider the first trimester of pregnancy to be, hands down, the most uncomfortable. Between the nausea and exhaustion it's no picnic, and it all can feel about 100 times worse when it's hot outside. Add in bug bites, long car rides to beach destinations, and having your older kids home from school on summer break and you're sure to have a less than pleasant time. Not only was I pregnant during the hottest summer in recorded history, but I had preeclampsia, which made my hands and feet swell until I looked like the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man. And as you can imagine, I felt about as good as I looked.
I didn't fit in my pre-pregnancy summer clothes, but my maternity clothes didn't fit either, so I was stuck wearing maxi dresses that made it far too easy to feel the sweat drip down from under my boobs and pool on the waistband of my ginormous underwear. Before I knew it I was in my third trimester, carrying around an additional 50 pounds and braving the summer heat while I walked miles to try and jump-start labor. Of course, delivering a baby when it's 100 degrees outside is no fun either.
So yeah, being pregnant in the summer is the absolute worst, and for the following, undeniable reasons:
The Heat Giphy Being pregnant is hard enough. Being pregnant in the summer heat is the worst. Trying to stay cool while wearing a living space heater on your abdomen is no joke. I was so hot I was willing to do anything to cool off. The problem? Nothing worked.
The Nausea I had hyperemesis gravidarum during my last two pregnancies, which meant I vomited several times a day for months. The entire experience was made so much worse by the summer heat, though. The heat was a major trigger for my nausea and vomiting, so every time I ventured outside I was likely to vomit... and pee my pants in the process. The last summer I was pregnant was literally one of the worst three months of my life.
Rosé Season Giphy Summer porch and patio drinking is one of the only redeeming qualities of the season. When you are pregnant you have to resort to non-alcoholic wine (which is definitely not the same), and virgin margaritas. It really sucks.
Trying To Find Clothes That Work Trying to find summer maternity clothes is pretty impossible. No matter what you wear, it feels like you're wearing too many layers of clothing. To make matters worse, absolutely nothing is both work-appropriate and allow you to be relatively comfortable for car rides, walks from the parking lot, and in office air conditioning. You can't win.
Boob Sweat Giphy Before I got pregnant I had relatively small breasts. As a result, I didn't have any prior experience with boob sweat. Then I ended up pregnant and learned all about the hell that is sweaty boobs, underboobs, chafing, and a soaking wet bra. So gross.
Bugs I get bitten up every summer, no matter how much bug spray I apply. And when I'm pregnant I am apparently a rare delicacy to insects, which sucks. Literally.
Maternity Bathing Suits Giphy Beating the summer heat while pregnant usually meant wearing maternity swimsuit and the enduring the stares of critical people. In my experience, maternity swimsuits never fit quite right and don't really look good on anyone. I finally gave up and decided to just wear a bikini — stretch marks and all — and dared someone to judge me. I was growing a human, after all, so the least people could do was leave me alone while I was trying to get comfortable in the summer heat.
Rashes My last pregnancy I had three mystery rashes that were so bad they required medical attention. There's nothing worse than being hot, sweaty, and itchy, except being those things while also being pregnant in summer.
Summer Vacations Giphy Before I got pregnant, I would love to take road trips to a fun destination to relax and recharge. But I realized that as a pregnant person road trips to the beach become endless car rides of vomit and regret, followed by a week in an uncomfortable hotel room not being able to sleep because your body pillow wouldn't fit in the trunk.
PARIS: Eating nuts "significantly" boosted the number and health of sperm in young men in a scientific trial, researchers said on Wednesday (Jul 4).
The findings "support a beneficial role for chronic nut consumption in sperm quality," they said, but stressed the study participants were all healthy, apparently fertile men.
Advertisement
The potential benefits of nuts for men struggling with fertility have yet to be probed.
For the study, researchers recruited 119 men aged 18-35, who they divided into two groups.
One group ate 60 grammes of almonds, hazelnuts, and walnuts daily on top of their usual "western-style" diet, while the second group got no nuts.
After 14 weeks, the nut group "had significant improvements in their sperm count, vitality, motility (movement) and morphology (shape)" - all associated with male fertility, said a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Moreover, the subjects in the nut group also showed a significant reduction in their levels of sperm DNA fragmentation, a parameter closely associated with male infertility."
The results were consistent with sperm improvement observed in other studies that looked at diets rich in omega-3, antioxidants such as vitamin C and E, selenium and zinc, and folate.
Nuts are rich in many of these nutrients.
The study results were presented at a meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Barcelona.
Does this mean that men hoping to conceive a child should add nuts to their diet?
"We can't yet say that," said study co-author Albert Salas-Huetos of the Rovira i Virgili University in Spain.
"But evidence is accumulating in the literature that healthy lifestyle changes such as following a healthy dietary pattern might help conception - and of course, nuts are a key component of a Mediterranean healthy diet."
Days away from a historic summit with North Korea's mercurial leader, US President Donald Trump held a White House meeting Wednesday with another famous Kim — reality TV star Kardashian — to discuss prison reform and sentencing.
The reality star entered the grounds of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue wearing a black suit and canary yellow stilettoes, an AFP photographer witnessed.
Kardashian was expected to meet aide Jared Kushner, who has spearheaded stuttering White House efforts at criminal justice reform.
In the end, they met with fellow TV personality, President Donald Trump — formerly of “The Apprentice” and New York tabloid fame.
“Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing,” the president said in a tweet, accompanied by a photograph of the pair in the Oval Office, with Trump flashing a broad grin.
Kardashian, 37, is known for their socialite TV persona, but has also called for the release of Alice Marie Johnson, a 62-year-old who has been in prison for more than two decades for a nonviolent drug offense.
Fixing tough sentencing laws had been a priority of president Barack Obama's administration, but they failed to win Congressional support, prompting a stream of presidential pardons and clemency actions.
Trump has so far taken a more hardline approach, advocating a “lock-em-up-and-throw-away-the-key” approach to criminal justice.
During their first year and half in office they have pardoned disgraced Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio, a Trump supporter who was convicted of violating a court order to halt traffic patrols targeting immigrants.
They also pardoned vice president Dick Cheney's former chief of staff Lewis “Scooter” Libby.
Last month, Kim's rapper husband Kanye West raised eyebrows after tweeting about their “love” for Trump and describing them as a “brother” with whom they shared “dragon energy.”
ISLAMABAD-Lucky Star Club outclassed Rawal Town Club by 8 wickets in the Fazal Mehmood National Club Cricket Championship 2017 match played here at Bhutto Cricket Ground on Monday.
Put into bat first, Rawal Town were all out for 146 in 39.5 overs. Asif Raza hit unbeaten 27, M Ibrar 24 and Ghaffar Hussain 22. Raheel Qaiser Malik captured 4-20 and Furqan Majeed 2-21. In reply, Lucky Star achieved the target in 24.5 overs losing just 2 wickets. Opener Naseer Ullah hammered unbeaten 65 with the help of 6 fours and Tauseef remained unbeaten for 49, hitting 6 boundaries. Uzair Waheed captured 1-18.
Lucky Star coach and mentor Ch Wasif Bajwa congratulated their team over fantastic victory and hoped that the team would continue giving such superb performances on regular basis.
SINGAPORE: The inspection and care of trees in Singapore is in line with global standards, and in some areas exceed the best practices of the International Society of Arboriculture (ISA), the National Parks Board (NParks) said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Group director Oh Cheow Seng said NParks takes an “adaptive approach” to tree management. More stringent inspections have been implemented over time in response to unpredictable and severe weather patterns, they said.
They were speaking at a media briefing held in the wake of two separate incidents where trees toppled, causing injuries and killing one person.
Last Saturday, a woman was killed and four others injured when a large, 270-year-old heritage tree toppled at the Singapore Botanic Gardens. Two days later, another woman was put in intensive care after a tree at Yuan Ching Road fell on them
The Tembusu tree in the Gardens case - which stands at 40m tall with a girth of 6.5m - was last inspected in September 2016. Due to its heritage status, it receives two checks a year - more frequently than other trees in the Gardens.
NParks said it could not discuss the reasons for the tree toppling as police investigations were still ongoing.
But Mr Oh said: "Trees react to changes in environmental, site and soil conditions. Tree care can mitigate risks but healthy trees can be affected by strong wind gusts and rainfall.
"On top of mitigation, a preventive measure against poor weather is to plant the right tree species in the right place - for example some are not suitable to be planted in waterlogged areas. Another possible measure is to increase the drainage around an area which is prone to being waterlogged by rainfall," they added.
An NParks staff member conducting an inspection. (Photo: Justin Ong)
TREES INSPECTED REGULARLY: NPARKS
According to NParks, trees along expressways and major roads are inspected once every six to 12 months. Trees more than 4m in girth are also subject to yearly detailed second-level inspections.
This compares to ISA standards of an inspection every one to two years.
A second-level inspection can be of invasive nature and involve diagnostic equipment, versus a visual first-level check for defects and vitality.
A visual inspection process involves assessing the general condition, inspecting the root collar and roots, inspecting the trunk and inspecting the branches and crown.
Second-level checks employ a resistograph and tomography setup. The former sees a drill bit penetrate the wood to take readings, while the latter measures time taken for sound to travel though wood - the slower, the more decayed.
Tree care staff also undergo arborist certification exams within two to three years of service, said Mr Oh.
Other measures are taken to improve the general health of trees, such as routine mulching to supplement the regular fertilisers and pruning techniques to better their structure and balance.
Pruning is done for reasons such as tree health, vehicular height clearance and to control tree growth. Crown reduction for tall trees with dense crowns is necessary to improve its ability to withstand inclement weather, said Mr Oh. They added that pruning takes place prior to periods of more severe weather conditions such as squalls and monsoons.
Share:
KIEV - “Murdered” anti-Kremlin journalist Arkady Babchenko appeared alive and well at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday as Ukraine admitted it had faked their death to expose an alleged Russian plot to kill him.
Onlookers gasped and applauded as Babchenko appeared, introduced by the head of Ukraine's security service, who said the murder had been staged in order to foil an attempt on their life by Moscow.
Less than 24 hours before, Ukraine said the reporter had died from three gunshots to the back in the stairwell of their apartment building in a contract-style killing in a case that provoked an outpouring of grief and a diplomatic spat.
“Thanks to this operation we were able to foil a cynical plot and document how the Russian security service was planning for this crime,” security service head Vasyl Grytsak said at the press conference. Grytsak announced authorities had arrested the alleged mastermind of the plot, saying a Ukrainian citizen named only by the initial G. had offered to pay a hitman to carry out the killing after being recruited by Russian special forces and paid $40,000.
Grytsak also thanked Babchenko and their family, who they said were in the loop about the secret operation.
The reporter, however, apologised to their wife for putting them through “this hell they had to live through for three days...but there was no other option”.
News of the “death” of the prominent Russian war correspondent and former soldier set off a series of recriminations between Kiev and Moscow, and pictures and flowers were laid by mourners at the Russian embassy in Kiev.
Ukrainian officials led by Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman accused Russia of being behind the killing of the Kremlin critic, a charge that Moscow batted back.
Moscow on Wednesday evening condemned the staged assassination, the foreign ministry saying “now the true motives are beginning to be revealed for this staging, which is totally obviously yet another anti-Russian provocation”. Foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said it was “great news” that Babchenko was alive but on Twitter they slammed the “propagandistic effect” of the set-up. Reporters Without Borders also condemned the faked death.
“It is pathetic and regrettable that the Ukrainian police have played with the truth, whatever their motive... for the stunt,” Christophe Deloire, the head of the Paris-based media watchdog, told AFP.
And Russian investigative journalist Andrei Soldatov, a former colleague of Babchenko, also questioned the value of the operation. “To me, it's crossing a line big time. Babchenko is a journalist not a police officer, for Christ sake, and part of our job is trust, whatever Trump & Putin say about fake news,” they wrote on Twitter.
“I'm glad they are alive, but they undermined even further the credibility of journalists and the media,” they added.
A number of Kremlin critics have been killed in Ukraine in recent years, with one gunned down on a Kiev street in broad daylight and another whose car exploded. Babchenko fought in Russia's two Chechen campaigns in the 1990s and early 2000s before becoming a war correspondent and author. They repeatedly said they faced death threats. They have contributed to a number of media outlets including top opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta and is an avid blogger, accusing Russian authorities of killing Kremlin critics and unleashing wars in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
They wrote about their experience as a young soldier in the Chechen campaigns in a book published in English under the title “One Soldier's War”. Babchenko left Russia in February 2017 after receiving threats, living first in the Czech Republic, then in Israel, before moving to Kiev. They have hosted a programme on the Crimean Tatar TV station ATR for the past year. Babchenko made a name for themselves with their poignant reportages from the frontlines, including the conflict in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 10,000 people.
In recent years their increasingly bombastic posts pushed the boundaries of good taste and some of their colleagues and followers stopped reading them on Facebook.
Penrith Regional Gallery is offering filmmakers who identify as living with a disability a chance to refine their skills and tell their stories.
The Five Feisty and Fabulous Film Project is a new digital skills program where five participants will tell five stories in five minutes.
Manager of Education Naomi McCarthy said that the program focuses on mentorship with support from industry leaders.
“Applicants might not be strictly emerging filmmakers, they may be creatives who are interested in developing more skills around filming to further their creative practice,” they said.
“This will be about expressing some aspect of their life, or some aspect of life that they want to create a story about.
“Art is about people, it's about the individual mark of the human being.”
The project, which runs through May and July, is the newest initiative that highlights the gallery's commitment to supporting the professional development of artists across a wide range of disciplines within and beyond the local region.
Education Officer Christine Ghali said that they are excited to be a part of everyone's stories and is ready to support the applicants on their journey.
“Each individual has a special story to share, and I'm excited to hear that,” Ms Ghali said.
Applications close on April 19 and are available at www.penrithregionalgallery.org/learning/accessible.
Iowa State University has lost a second appeal of a federal free speech lawsuit over administrators' decision to prevent a marijuana advocacy group from printing a T-shirt showing the university logo and a marijuana leaf.
The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said Tuesday that ISU administrators including President Steven Leath violated First Amendment rights of two students who were top officers of the ISU chapter of the National Organization for Reform of Marijuana Laws.
Leath and others claimed the T-shirt violated the school's trademark policy after getting political pressure from conservative lawmakers.
The appeals court, hearing the case for the second time, upheld its February ruling declaring the administrators violated student rights and therefore can be sued for damages.
The university could appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
VALENCIA, Venezuela: Venezuelan autoworker Celso Nunez spends their days moonlighting as a mover and trading salvaged building materials in their worn-out red pick-up.
Their employer, Ford Motor Co, does not mind.
In fact, it is paying them to stay off the job.
With Venezuela's economy in shambles, Ford has furloughed Nunez and 1200 colleagues at its moribund plant here in Valencia, Venezuela's third-largest city. The company said it wants to call them back when times are better.
Nunez hasn't reported for work in ten months, save for a few days in September to work on a prototype for a new cargo truck. But they still collect a quarter of their weekly salary of 50,000 bolivars, the equivalent of just US$1.70 at the widely used black-market exchange rate.
The father of two teenagers counts themselves lucky.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Ford has given me stability ... to help my family," said Nunez, proudly wearing their blue factory shirt after a recent meeting at the plant about the new prototype.
"We know it's not their fault, it's the national situation."
Ford is among roughly 150 multinationals still hanging on in Venezuela. The once-prosperous OPEC nation is now in the fourth year of a recession caused by a fall in oil prices and, economists say, failed policies of its socialist government.
A dearth of raw materials and plummeting demand has led many to halt or vastly scale back production, furloughing many employees in a country where labor laws ban mass layoffs.
A handful of companies, including Clorox, Kimberly-Clark, General Mills, General Motors and Harvest Natural Resources, have given up entirely, abandoning assets or selling them cheap.
Most multinationals, however, say they want to keep at least a minimum presence to be ready for a future upturn in Venezuela, home to the world's largest proven oil reserves.
In Valencia, retrenchment by multinationals including Fiat Chrysler, Colgate Palmolive, Johnson & Johnson and Nestle SA have rendered the city a near ghost town.
Last week, Nestle suspended operations at a baby food plant there, blaming a lack of supplies. In a statement, Nestle said it continues to pay the plant's 80 workers and remains committed to Venezuela and about 3200 employees at other factories there.
DUST ON SEMI-ASSEMBLED CARS
At Ford, the company said its Valencia factory had assembled about 400 cars through August of this year, compared with 17,000 units in 2012. Still, the No. 2 U.S. automaker said in an e-mail it "has no plans to leave the country."
The drastically reduced work schedules, it added, is a way to "adapt to the local market's needs."
Ford began selling cars in dollars in 2015 so it could buy parts without requesting hard currency via government exchange controls. Other automakers followed suit, but have not been able to sell many cars because few Venezuelans can afford them.
Venezuela's car assembly output slumped to 2,849 units in 2016 from a record 172,418 units in 2007, according to auto industry group Cavenez. Sales, including imports, plunged to 3,008 last year from 491,899 in 2007. At dealerships including Ford, Chrysler and Toyota, Venezuelan-made luxury vehicles sit without buyers, priced as much as US$20,000 more than in other countries. Costs are inflated by imported parts and few economies of scale, analysts said.
To stay afloat in such conditions, Ford and other multinationals have shortened shifts, reduced payrolls and focused on cheaper products, according to unions and company officials.
The cutbacks make for scenes like that at the Fiat Chrysler plant in Valencia, where dust gathers on semi-assembled 2016 Jeep Cherokees, still missing windshields and mirrors.
On a recent day, about 20 employees stood at the entrance to the plant, which sold more than 25,000 units in 2007 but only about 150 this year.
About 60 percent of workers stay home, earning a fraction of their salaries. The rest come in but are confined to maintenance and administrative activities, employees and union leaders said.
Despite the tough conditions, Fiat Chrysler has told employees it does not plan to close, said Henry Ospina of the Fiat Chrysler union.
"But there is anxiety," they said.
A Fiat Chrysler spokesperson said the company was making "its best efforts to keep production at levels adequate to the availability of inputs and components." The company declined further comment.
"PSEUDO-EMPLOYEES," FREE FOOD
Though many multinational workers said they feel like "pseudo-employees," they fare better than most unemployed Venezuelans, who struggle to buy food and medicine. Payments from state welfare programs lag the triple-digit inflation.
As of April 2016, half of Venezuela's working population was either jobless or employed only in part-time, "informal" jobs, like street vending, according to the last available official statistics.
Compounding the pain, consumer spending slumped by 15 percent last year and is expected to decline by yet another 25 percent this year, according to local consulting group Ecoanalitica.
Venezuelan businesses are enduring their worst moment in decades, with at least two in every 10 factories halted, according to a Conindustria, the country's main industry association.
President Nicolas Maduro's government defends policies, like widely-criticized currency controls, that many businesses say wrecked the economy. They blame the halving of international oil prices since 2014, which slashed Venezuela's revenues.
Maduro also accuses foreign firms of intentionally limiting investment and production as part of an "economic war" waged by political opponents and the United States.
The Information Ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
At some multinationals, furloughed employees are still allowed to eat lunch at cafeterias of halted plants - a big perk at a time of increasing hunger.
Fiat Chrysler serves up staples like chicken, rice, pasta and plantains daily to 60 of its 800 workers. A schedule prioritizes the neediest.
Similar arrangements exist at Colgate-Palmolive and Johnson & Johnson.
"It's one meal I don't have to pay for at home," said Pedro Rodriguez, 44, who has worked just six days this year at Fiat Chrysler, their employer of two decades.
"There are colleagues who only eat half the meals and take the other half home because the situation is tough."
TIRES AS SEVERANCE
To get around strict layoff rules, many multinationals have offered voluntary buyouts. Ford launched a "voluntary separation program" in 2016 that about 800 employees, or 40 percent of its workforce, signed onto. Many use the severance payments to start businesses like bakeries or selling construction materials, workers said.
But many of these ventures are now struggling, too.
At Fiat Chrysler, a severance offer included four new tires, each of which is worth the equivalent of a monthly factory wage in Venezuela. As of August, 23 workers had accepted: some planned to sell their tires and use the proceeds to emigrate.
Elsewhere in Valencia, multinationals have struggled to adapt to other government rules, including strict price controls for some products like milk and soap. The prices rarely keep up with inflation.
For instance, a Colgate-Palmolive soap plant has been shut since February. Workers there said company officials told them it could not cover costs if it sold soap at the mandated price, equal to less than US$0.01 per soap bar at the black-market exchange rate.
Colgate-Palmolive in Venezuela did not respond to requests for comment.
Workers said Colgate recently restarted production of price-controlled toothpaste, packaged in brown cardboard. The recycled boxes are cheaper than its usual red packaging.
Earlier, it stopped producing children's flavors and toothpaste with whitener, reducing its portfolio of 300 products to less than a dozen, said union representative Felix Bello. Johnson & Johnson, which once sold everything from mouthwash to moisturizers, now only produces panty liners, a feminine hygiene product. Still, the U.S. drugmaker agreed not to lay off any of its 157 Venezuelan factory employees.
Only three of the factory's seven production lines are in operation, said union representative Jaime Guevara. Workers not on the production line do maintenance work. "Johnson & Johnson has a responsibility to our employees and the communities in which we live and work," a company spokesperson said.
(Aditional reporting by Tibisay Romero in Valencia; Writing by Brian Ellsworth and Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Christian Plumb, Marla Dickerson and Paulo Prada)
When Dru Love battled their way through sectional qualifying before being awarded a slot at this week's US Open, they knew exactly who to turn to - father Davis Love III.
ERIN, United States: There aren't many golfers who can call upon the services of a major winner and Ryder Cup captain to work as their caddie.
So when Dru Love battled their way through sectional qualifying before being awarded a slot at this week's US Open, they knew exactly who to turn to - father Davis Love III.
The 24-year-old amateur will become the third generation from the Love family to play in a US Open when they tee off at Erin Hills on Thursday (Jun 15).
Grandfather Davis Milton Love Jr. made four appearances in the tournament between 1960 and 1970.
Father Davis, the 1997 PGA Championship winner and a veteran of 23 US Opens, will be carrying their son's bag.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the youngest Love, the choice of caddie was a no-brainer.
"People keep asking me why did you get them to caddie? Is it not obvious?," Love said.
"He's played 23 US Opens. He's seen every single possible thing you can ever see on a golf course."
Their father needed to be convinced however.
"He asked me who do you want to caddie, and I said, well, obviously you," Dru Love recalled.
"He told me this is your deal. This is your major. This is your career, don't pick me just because you think that's what I would want."
'WHOA, WHOA, WHOA'
But Dru Love said there was never any question of anyone else carrying their bag - even if they admit it feels "weird."
Arriving at the course last weekend, the younger Love had to check their instinct to reach for their own golf bag.
"When we were pulling up I was a little excited and I started grabbing all of the bags," Dru Love revealed.
"I grabbed my bag, and I grabbed this and that, and they go, 'Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is my job this week.'
"I'm used to getting their stuff out of the car and toting it to the locker room and following them around and doing whatever they need. For the first two days it felt weird having them do the things that I'm usually doing for them - handing them a golf ball or cleaning a club.
"But he's caddied for me before. We've won some tournaments together before, and I know what to expect from him, and they know what to expect from me."
Autograph hunters are a bit of a hindrance however.
"I definitely think when he's walking down the range to give me golf balls it takes them about 25 minutes because everyone stops and is talking to him," Dru Love said.
Davis Love III, meanwhile, might have been teeing off alongside their son but failed to qualify for the Open. Love however said they are happy to be helping out their son instead.
"I think I'd rather caddie for them than play," Love said.
Dru meanwhile expects their father to provide a calming influence.
"Patience, and routine, and staying calm, and not trying to get ahead of yourself, one shot at a time," they said.
"He's watched me play enough golf. They can see when I get a little ahead of myself, get a little quick and excited, and they do a good job of calming me down."
Walt Disney Co. wants to conceal “the true nature of its relationship” with disgraced Miramax executive Harvey Weinstein, lawyers for a Toronto actor and model argued Monday.
The Toronto actor-model — known in court as Jane Doe — alleges Weinstein sexually assaulted them in 2000 and is seeking $14 million in damages.
Weinstein allegedly sexually assaulted Jane Doe at what they believed to be a business meeting at the Sutton Place hotel in Toronto in 2000 when they were in their early 20s and in their first film, the lawsuit claims. The lawsuit's allegations have not been tested in court.
Disney, which sold Miramax in 2010, sought to seal details of its relationship with Weinstein before Master Priti Tamara Sugunasiri, who reserved their decision.
Jane Doe's lawsuit asserts that Disney, which at the time owned Weinstein's Miramax film company, should be held partly responsible for two separate alleged assaults.
Doe's lawyers Marie Henein and Alex Smith say this manoeuvre is a step toward Disney being dropped completely from the lawsuit which also names Miramax,
and Barbara Schneeweiss, Weinstein's assistant at the time, as defendants.
“Disney seeks to protect the true nature of a relationship, which no longer exists,” said Henein. “It seeks to sheild that from public view.
“Disney is saying ‘Weinstein had virtual autonomy, so we (Disney) can't be attached to that and Disney should be let go Scot free.' We're in a courtroom where reality matters,” said Henein.
At the time of the assaults, “Disney knew, should have known or was wilfully blind to the fact that Weinstein regularly sexually harassed and sexually assaulted women,” Doe alleged in their claim.
Disney has denied liability and has said it had no knowledge of any complaints, lawsuits or settlements against Weinstein.
Disney asserted Weinstein, who was co-chairperson of Miramax at the time, had “virtual autonomy” to manage their business.
Doe alleged that during a meeting in 2000, Weinstein forcibly performed oral sex on them and later that same day, French-kissed them when they returned for what they thought would be an apology.
A Weinstein spokesperson said the Hollywood legend admitted that their behaviour may have caused “a lot of pain,” but many allegations are “patently false,” and that “any allegations of non-consensual sex are unequivocally denied.”
spazzano@postmedia.com
Wed, Jun 14: A 42-year-old man is facing voyeurism-related charges in connection with the “CanadaCreep” Twitter account investigation. Gary Bobrovitz reports.
THE HAGUE: Dutch police said Monday (Dec 11) they had arrested a suspect in the murder of a young woman 25 years ago, tracking them down after an unprecedented drive to collect DNA samples.
Milica van Doorn, 19, was found dead on June 8, 1992 in a pond in the town of Zaandam, near Amsterdam, after they failed to come home from a birthday party. They had left shortly before midnight to take the bus home, but never arrived.
Tests showed they had been raped, and brutally killed.
The 47-year-old suspect was arrested on Saturday, after police launched an appeal to take DNA from about 130 people.
The man, who is from Zaandam, is related to one of those who voluntarily gave samples to the police. The volunteer's DNA was found to be similar to that discovered on the victim.
Samples then taken from the suspect proved to correspond "100 per cent to the DNA of the person who committed the crime," Dutch police and the prosecution service said in a joint statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It is the first time in the Netherlands that thanks to a large-scale DNA test we have found a suspect via a relative," Bob Steensma, prosecutor for the North Holland area, told a press conference.
If the suspect is found guilty, this "cold case" will have been resolved following a 2012 law allowing such mass DNA collections, as well as the cooperation of about 130 men of Turkish-origin who lived in or were staying in the area in 1992 where the victim was found and voluntarily took part in the collection.
It was decided to take samples from people with Turkish origins after an analysis of the DNA found on the victim concluded the killer was "almost certainly a man with Turkish ancestors," the police said on its website.
A witness had also reported seeing "a man singing, who looked Turkish, riding a bike in the direction" of the pond that evening, it added.
The suspect is in detention, and legal officials will decide this week whether they should be bailed or not.
Van Doorn's family, which was informed of the arrest on Sunday, said they were "enormously relieved" and thanked the police and the Turkish community for their help.
On one occasion, standing with Flett in the debris-filled basement of the remains of their family home, Klaus performed a chilling pantomime. Pointing their finger like a gun, they mimicked how their parents and sister were killed.
"That's the time where I had no doubt in my mind this was done out of a pile of anger," Flett said.
From mid-January 2014 to the arrest of Klaus and Frank the following August, every conversation and phone call Flett had with Klaus was secretly recorded by police.
The evidence they gathered built a case against Klaus and led to the RCMP deciding to try to ensnare them in a four-month undercover sting.
Police informant was a lonely role and Flett could not breathe a word until their testimony was completed at the trial, which ran for six weeks last October and November.
"It was a long four years because my wife is the only person who knew anything of my involvement. My kids didn't know. Nobody at work knew."
It was especially hard on their wife, Norma.
"There were times I'd be gone from 2 o'clock in the afternoon to three in the morning and there was zero communication I could have with her."
They feared for their own children and five grandchildren. They even looked at moving to another country to get far away from Klaus and Frank.
Flett said they were fully aware of the peril if Klaus had found out their role.
"If you can take out your own family, taking out my family wouldn't have been a big issue."
Their wife's fears were heightened when lawyers for Klaus and Frank went before a judge last August to ask that their charges be stayed, because the case had taken too long to go to trial. They were terrified the two would walk free.
After 11 tense days, a judge dismissed the applications.
Testifying in court, Flett was asked why they got involved.
"For Monica," they said.
Flett still thinks about their executive assistant and close friend every day, they said.
A photo of them and their beloved dog, Patches, hangs in Vortex's lobby.
"Monica sat side by side with me for 10 years," Flett said.
"There's nothing I did that Monica didn't know of and there was nothing that I needed done that Monica didn't take care of."
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from their film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under their real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of themselves and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actor on the big screen.”
They added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” They signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. They have their first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, they are co-producing the project and co-writing it. They will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep their career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under their wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — A couple hours after the ball dropped, Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital in Grand Rapids welcomed its first baby of the new year.
Ila Kay Tait was born at 2:22 a.m. on Jan. 1, 2017. Six weeks premature, the baby girl weighed in at 4 pounds, 15 ounces.
 They are the fourth child of their mother, Melody Rottman, who started their journey to delivery when their water broke two weeks ago.
“She's done very well. Throughout it all, they stayed strong and did what they had to do to protect themselves and protect little Ila,” said Michael Tait, Ila's father.
After Ila was born, they were immediately taken to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.
“Just so many emotions, from being scared to is they going to be OK, from wanting to hear that first cry,” said Tait.
“We never expected for everything to go the way it has, but I think it has probably made us stronger individuals,” they continued. “It's a pretty trying thing — a lot of fear that's had to been overcome and worked through.”
Ila will stay in the NICU until she's healthy enough to go home. It's not yet clear when that will be, but things were looking good as of Sunday afternoon.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
SHANGHAI: China's auto industry is charging ahead with aggressive plans to electrify cars even as policymakers scale back subsidies aimed at building sales from relatively low levels and consider tapping the brakes on sales quotas for plug-in cars.
Industry executives will use the Shanghai Motor Show, which opens to the public on Friday, to show off numerous battery electric and plug-in hybrid models. But behind the scenes, many are worried that batteries capable of delivering the same driving range as gasoline cars are still too expensive.
While green energy car sales have risen dramatically on the back of government policies, making China the world's leading market in this segment, electric cars have otherwise generated little consumer interest. They make up less than 2 percent of China's overall auto market of 28 million vehicles sold last year.
The dominant players in China's electric vehicle market are local, including state-owned Beijing Automotive Group, and Warren Buffett-backed BYD . Most cars are relatively cheap with limited range.
Beijing's central government has floated proposals to require automakers to substantially boost sales of so-called "new energy vehicles" (NEVs), or risk being penalized. But at the same time, it is cutting subsidies on green cars by a fifth this year, a move that could deepen manufacturers' losses on such models and discourage consumers from buying them.
Policymakers say reducing subsidies gradually to 2020 will wean automakers off government support and create a self-sustained market for electric vehicles. Industry officials and experts reckon tightening fuel efficiency regulations through 2020 will compel carmakers to rely more on electrification to boost average fuel efficiency despite the drop-off in subsidies.
ACT NOW
Industry executives say long term, they expect China will insist on more electric vehicles, and to be ready, they must invest in developing those vehicles now.
"We're not holding back anything. The requirements whether they get changed or adjusted or whatever, the bottom line is clear that electrification is going to play a bigger and bigger role ... in China and other markets as well," Ford Motor Co CEO Mark Fields told reporters at a pre-show event this month.
Industry executives expect Beijing to ask automakers operating in China ultimately to generate green car credits equivalent to 12 percent of annual sales volume with NEVs by around 2020, with each green vehicle getting a different number of credits depending on the level of electrification and driving range.
Automakers and government officials have been bargaining over China's electric vehicle policy for years.
In the latest draft policy released in September, Beijing proposed a requirement that they generate credits equivalent to 8 percent of automakers' sales next year by selling battery electric or plug-in hybrid vehicles, rising to 10 percent in 2019 and 12 percent in 2020. More recently, the government has indicated that timetable could slip.
Whatever target the government sets, automakers would have little choice but to comply. China is the world's biggest auto market by far, and growth is set to continue this year, albeit at a slower 5 percent, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
That is why even as automakers fight electric vehicle mandates in the United States, they are scrambling to develop more plug-in electric hybrids and electric battery cars for China.
NEW MODELS
Ford, for example, says that by 2018 it will launch in China a plug-in hybrid sedan called the Mondeo Energi, a version of the low-volume Ford Fusion Energi offered in the United States. It also plans to bring an all-electric sport-utility vehicle to China over the next five years.
General Motors Co , one of the largest automakers in the Chinese market, plans to launch at least 10 NEVs by 2020. To support the growth of its NEV line-up, GM has built a battery assembly plant in Shanghai which should be ready to deliver battery packs next year.
Volkswagen plans to have 13 additional NEVs by 2020 based on its current generation of technology, following on plug-in hybrid versions of the Phideon sedan, due to be unveiled later on Tuesday, and the Audi A6L sedan. The VW brand aims to further launch 10 electric vehicles between 2020 and 2025.
The German manufacturer also hopes to form a joint venture just for NEVs with Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group (JAC) , and any models from that partnership would be on top of those plans, a spokesperson told Reuters. VW said in January the first VW-JAC car could be produced next year.
China's drive for electric vehicles, driven in part to combat often suffocating urban smog, has put pressure on Japan's Toyota Motor Corp to re-think its earlier scepticism about battery-electric technology. Toyota has said it will locally build plug-in hybrids and sell them in China, starting in 2018, although it has not said when all-electric car models would hit Chinese showrooms.
To be sure, even as automakers renew commitments to produce more NEVs, it's not clear how aggressively they would push those cars in the marketplace.
"All automakers in China are still trying to understand the implications of the more stringent fuel efficiency regulations and whether to increase production of qualifying NEVs or purchase NEV credits from other automakers, including their partners," said James Chao, Shanghai-based Asia-Pacific chief of consulting firm IHS Markit Automotive.
(Reporting by Jake Spring and Norihiko Shirouzu in SHANGHAI, with additional reporting and editing by Joe White in DETROIT/SHANGHAI; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
At the just-concluded Hockey Men's World League Final at Bhubaneswar, there was ample praise from officials for the conduct of the tournament. Comparison with the Champions Trophy 2014, which also I attended, makes the change in organising principles clear.
In 2014, the Kalinga Stadium was new. The organisers were testing their mettle in a zone of uncertainty, and the spectators were more curious than committed. Bringing international hockey to a city that lacked a global reputation was novel, and it showed.
In 2014, I was witness to stands that were only partly filled up for the morning league games. Those spectators were mostly school children in uniform. Looking at them, we might have been forgiven for thinking the event was a communist leadership's show of power in a public space.
In 2014, the approach to the Kalinga Stadium had a trickle of spectators, and there was not the loud and bold statement that an elite sporting contest should make. There were no festoons or food stalls, nor other merchandise on display. There was some music, in the form of the signature International Hockey Federation (FIH) tune during corners, and the iconic Chak DeIndia song, and Indie pop motivational songs. There was little to showcase local culture.
At the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, India's goalkeeper, AB Subbaiah, had told me how hockey in Europe was fun. Venues were for families, where children tried their hand at hockey, and spectators appreciated good play all around. India's play was appreciated whenever the team played in Europe. Everybody had a day out.
I noticed the same festive atmosphere during a visit to the 2015 World League Semi-Final at Antwerp. Eateries, bands and spectators out to enjoy outdoors made for a relaxed and cheery atmosphere.
This had been the missing piece of the jigsaw at the 2014 Champions Trophy at Bhubaneswar.
But in 2017, at the World League Final, the stadium was transformed. Being the home ground of the Hockey India League's Kalinga Lancers, the organisers had gained international experience, and shown quick reflexes in embracing the FIH's vision of making hockey bold and loud. The sustained build up had been filled with the symbolism and statements of an international event.
The Odisha government had smelt an opportunity to showcase the state's rich culture — from the Odissi performance and film on Odisha tourism at the opening ceremony, to hip Odia pop songs, to a trilingual commentator equally at ease in English, Hindi and Odia. NBA or IPL-style cheerleaders filled in the silences during pauses in games. Spectators got involved.
This time around, the entire city was filled with hoardings welcoming the World League. At the stadium the crowds swelled and yelled, even when India were not playing. Up to 9,000 people were in attendance, in mostly cool weather.
On 8 December, even in pouring rain, 7,000 spectators turned up. They cheered every team, and embraced the home team as only a child can embrace its mother. The applause for the defeated German team in the bronze medal game against India was noteworthy.
This surprisingly knowledgeable crowd understood hockey's nuances. But people with no knowledge of hockey also attended. I heard many comments on the play from those next to me, not so well informed, but involved regardless.
The main point was the fun of it all. It was a day's family outing, just the way it is in Europe. There were eateries, Boyanika sari stalls, and other merchandise. This had not been the case at the National Stadium in Delhi, where I have seen many world-level hockey tournaments.
Bhubaneswar has piled the evidence to its claim to being one of India's fast-growing sports hubs. South Korea came with their coach and team for practice games. Malaysian coach Stephen Van Huizen, who also attended, told me: “Bhubanewar has fantastic crowds and atmosphere.”
Subbaiah voiced praise: “Odisha has a very sports-conscious chief minister who knows the pulse of the people. The stadium gets upgraded in a timely manner for each tournament. Odisha is at the forefront of hockey. When teams need infrastructure facilities, it is given any time.”
The governance too was good: “I was the manager of Kalinga Lancers. We got whatever we asked for. The chairperson and managing director of Odisha Tourism Development Corporation helped us. There is lesser interference in technical matters,” Subbaiah asserted.
Jason McCracken, chief executive officer of the FIH, who measures their language with customised rigour, told me: “India are outstanding hosts. As a referee, I've been here many times. This is the best reception I've seen anywhere in India. The crowd is very knowledgeable. This was the best opening ceremony ever in hockey anywhere. The World Cup promises to be even bigger.”
Bhubaneswar will be happy with such ringing endorsements. With a track record of hosting the Asian Athletics Championships 2017 in 90 days, the city deserves the accolades. Hockey India's decision to take the sport to its catchment areas has been spot on.
Jitendra Nath Misra is a former ambassador to Portugal and Laos, and vice president of Jawaharlal Nehru Hockey Tournament Society
SYDNEY: Australia is set for its first gay divorce days after a historic marriage equality law came into effect, with lawyers preparing to file papers for a woman caught in legal limbo after marrying at a foreign consulate.
Following a parliamentary vote in favour of a landmark gay marriage bill last week, couples wanting to wed were able to begin lodging their notice to marry on Saturday (Dec 9), while those married overseas saw their unions recognised in Australian law - opening the way for divorce.
Solicitor Maria Loukas said Monday they were preparing divorce papers for a client who married in a European country's consulate in Western Australia in 2015, but was unable to divorce after separating from their partner because they were not a resident of that nation.
"For them it's been about not being able to move on with their life," Loukas told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
"It's been about not being able to tidy up the end of something to be able to start fresh somewhere else," the solicitor added. "She's been held back in many ways."
Australia's historic gay marriage reforms passed Canberra's 150-seat lower House of Representatives on Thursday when all but four MPs voted in support of marriage equality.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Following a decade of heated debate the bill was introduced in parliament by the conservative government after Australians last month overwhelmingly endorsed the reforms in a controversial postal vote.
Nearly 80 per cent of eligible voters took part in the poll, and almost 62 per cent of the 12.7 million people who participated chose "yes" on their ballots.
Same-sex marriage is now recognised in more than 20 countries, of which 16 are in Europe.
CAPE TOWN: South Africa's Western Cape has detected type H5N8 bird flu on two ostrich farms, the province's agriculture department said on Tuesday.
The virus is highly pathogenic in birds but considered unlikely to infect humans.
"Both farms were placed under quarantine immediately, and no birds are allowed to enter or leave the affected properties. There are around 1000 ostriches on both farms," the department said in a statement.
No bird deaths have been reported in the area and it is suspected that wild birds are the source of the infection, the department added.
The World Health Organization says the likelihood of human infection with H5N8 appears to be low, but that it cannot be excluded.
(Reporting by Wendell Roelf; Editing by Kevin Liffey)
Advertisement
President Muhammadu Buhari has warned truck drivers to stay away from roadside parking on Federal highways and establish private parking lots to avoid congestion and ease vehicular mobility across the country.
The President gave the warning at a public enlightenment forum, organized by the Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing (FMPWH), on Monday in Abuja.
The event was organized by the ministry to orientate the public and other stakeholders on recent developments in the road sector such as weigh bridges, road signage and return of the toll gates among others.
Buhari said this became imperative to ensure huge investments in the road sector; especially capital projects raised from 15 per cent to 30 per cent achieve desired impacts as well as prevent overloading of heavy-duty vehicles.
They acknowledged the importance of good roads to achieving the economic recovery growth plan.
Their words: “The eradication of overloading on our highways will promote competitiveness in business and reduce high maintenance cost of heavy-duty vehicles. I implore all vehicle fleet operators and tanker drivers to stop parking their vehicles on the federal highways, as these often causes roads to be congested and gridlocks.
“The highways should be free at all times for safe and confortable movement of vehicles. Fleet owners should endeavor to create private parking lots for their fleets at designated locations.”
The President emphasized that the federal government is increasing investments and resuscitating the rail sector to reduce stress on the federal road networks.
Speaking on the restriction on weights and axle load of heavy-duty goods vehicles, the President noted that the approval was to increase lifespan of the federal road networks.
They noted that the new regulation is also applicable within the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) sub-region.
The President, who was represented by the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Alhaji Boss Mustapha, urged the stakeholders to contribute meaningfully to enhance implementation of the existing policies and complement of other sectors.
Earlier, the Minister, FMPWH, Babatunde Fashola lauded importance of the road projects to improving socio-economic development of the people and optimizing inherent opportunities.
They cited instance of the Trans-Sahara highway project connecting Nigeria to Chad, Niger Republic, Tunisia, Mali and Algeria; the Lagos-Abidjan highway which runs through the Benin Republic, Togo and Ghana and the road project connecting the country to Cameroun, from Enugu through Abakaliki, Ogoja, Ikot and Ifun.
They said the existing treaty obligations on permitted weights and axle load of heavy-duty goods is such that should be obeyed.
According to him, the treaty within the West African sub region regulates, “the amount of loads any goods vehicle can put on an axle and by extension, the amount of loads that is put on road pavement within ECOWAS region and beyond.”
“Our compliance with this regulation will open a massive door of opportunity and prosperity of cross border trade to Nigerians who are engaged in road transport business.”
The Minister of Labour and Productivity, Dr. Chris Ngige, in their remarks expressed excitements over the road projects stressing that it would reduce the rate of strike actions from labour unions. They decried poor inclusive planning by previous administrations.
Director of Highway, FMPWH, Engr. Chukwunike Uzor, explained need for truck drivers to maintain the permissible axle load for their vehicles.
“The maximum tons for six axles vehicle is 51 tons. For the normal six axles is 18 tons. So we are not only worried about the total weight of what you are carrying but you have ensured you distribute it well,” they said.
At the weigh bridges station, they explained that the excess goods will be offloaded while the offender pays fine of 1 million above the legal limit.
“It graduates like that to the maximum fine of about 10 million. So I don't know what you are carrying that if they fine you 10 million, you will still make a profit. We are not doing it to make revenue for government but to make the infrastructure last,” they added.
Tulsa police are asking for help to find a man connected to a burglary.
Police said the burglary happened January 20th at a business near 75th East Avenue and Pine.
If you have any information, you're asked to call Crime Stoppers at 918-596-COPS.
Perhaps you've heard of Rob Long's new book, Bigly: Donald Trump in Verse. It's funny. Check it out.
Also check out the coverage of Bigly in The New Yorker. It's pretty funny, too.
Sometimes Rebecca Mead gets the joke, or at least sort of gets it:
It's clear by now that the target of Long's satire is not the book's subject, the President. Rather, Long's purpose is to make fun of poetry itself, and by extension, the imagined reader of poetry—the kind of thoughtful, liberal intellectual who might be expected to take offense at this book's very premise.
Sometimes they don't:
The President's lies cannot be recast as spoof poetic license; to reframe their intellectual incoherence as deliberate, purposeful work is a joke we can't afford to take. “Bigly” is an example of expedient political normalization dressed up in the honorable clothes of political satire. It is the jocular sanctioning, on the part of the right, of the right kind of tyrant.
What must make them most mad, of course, is that the joke's on them and the kind of people who turn to The New Yorker for explanations of conservatism.
If you're a fan of good sci-fi, we've got some excellent news for you. Author Ernest Cline confirms that they are indeed working on a Ready Player One sequel novel. Their original 2011 book has taken on a life of its own and is set to be released as a movie next year. But now the author is writing a sequel to the original source material, which is exciting. Can it possibly live up to the original? That's going to be tough, but here's what Cline had to say about it in a recent interview.
"It's true. I can't talk about it too much, but there's no better inspiration for a writer [than] to return to a world they've already worked on when they're watching Steven Spielberg bring that world to life."
Ready Player One the novel is set in the year 2044. Reality is an ugly place. The only time teenage Wade Watts really feels alive is when he's jacked into the virtual utopia known as the OASIS. Wade's devoted their life to studying the puzzles hidden within this world's digital confines, puzzles that are based on their creator's obsession with the pop culture of decades past and that promise massive power and fortune to whoever can unlock them. When Wade stumbles upon the first clue, they find themselves beset by players willing to kill to take this ultimate prize. The race is on, and if Wade's going to survive, he'll have to win, and confront the real world he's always been so desperate to escape.
The movie is going to be taking some liberties with the source material, but it's still going to be loaded down with pop culture references. However, director Steven Spielberg has decided to largely remove references to their own work in the movie. Despite that, Spielberg seems like the right guy to bring this movie to life. Ernest Cline says working with Spielberg on the movie was very satisfying and they were even able to bounce ideas off of him.
"To get to not only collaborate with them to bring the first story to life, but then bounce ideas off of them for the sequel, is just the most gratifying thing that's ever happened to me in my life."
Ready Player One the movie is set to be released in theaters in March and there's no question that Warner Bros. would love to see it spawn a franchise. Could that be why Ernest Cline is now ready to write a sequel novel to Ready Player One? It's possible, but either way, this is something that should make a lot of people very happy. Ernest Cline was hushed on the details in their interview with the Alamo Drafthouse, but the book is happening and that is exciting on its own. You can check out the video interview with Cline, courtesy of Ready Player One Movie Facebook for yourself below.
- Advertisement -
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has frozen about N905, 941,696.87 in an account traced to a sole proprietorship company, Rivlink International.
The huge inflows into the suspected slush account allegedly came from the Rivers State Environmental Sanitation Authority.
The owner of the company, Christian Robinson, is deceased but a man, Kenneth Koroma, made futile attempts to withdraw the cash.
A source said: “The EFCC received an intelligence report on November 2 alleging that a sole proprietorship firm, Rivlink International, had huge inflows from the Rivers State Environmental Sanitation Authority in an account with a new generation bank. The said account had a closing balance of N905, 941,696.87.
The company was registered in 2000 using a fictitious name of one Christian Robinson. But the account was opened in 2001 as sole proprietorship with Christian Robinson as the sole proprietor.
“He, however, appointed Mr. Kenneth Koroma as the sole signatory to the account for the purpose of money laundering.
“Covert intelligence revealed that the sole proprietor, Christian Robinson, is deceased and the trustee, Kenneth Koroma, has been making frantic efforts to withdraw the funds, which had been on fixed deposit.
“Sometimes in June 2017, Koroma wrote the bank requesting it to liquidate the fixed deposit and transfer the balance to an account number 0037907856 of a company, OLF Enterprise, also operated by him.
- Advertisement -
“Unknown to Koroma, the proprietor had changed them as a signatory to Rivlink International's account before they died.
“The bank insisted that it could not release the N905m to Koroma because they had ceased to be the sole signatory to the account of Rivlink International. Relevant documents were shown to them on how the owner of the company effected the change of signatory.”
Another source said: “Following intelligence report and an alarm by the bank, EFCC detectives decided to trace the inflows into the company's account.
“We discovered that the inflows were coming in bits into the account of Rivlink over the years from the sanitation agency without any evidence of contracts carried out.
“We are suspecting the account to be a slush type which cannot be operated again because the sole proprietor is dead.
“Further inquiry to ascertain the legitimacy or otherwise of the said funds is in progress. However, the EFCC has obtained a Freeze Order from the court pending the outcome of ongoing investigation.”
The source added: “Certainly, if we were able to establish that the cash was a product of money laundering from the coffers of Rivers State Government, it will be forfeited and we may have to recover it for the state.”
Green Bay Packers running back Ty Montgomery is doubtful to play against the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday after suffering broken ribs last week.
Montgomery, who suffered the injury during the Packers' Week 4 victory over the Chicago Bears, expressed hope they would play against the Cowboys. They said they were considering wearing a flak jacket and would be willing to play through pain, but it appears the Packers will take a cautious approach with their workhorse running back.
Montgomery was limited in practice all week for the Packers.
Wide receiver Davante Adams is questionable to play after suffering a concussion on a hit by Danny Trevathan that led to the Bears linebacker being suspended for a game.
Packers offensive tackle Bryan Bulaga (ankle), defensive tackle Mike Daniels (hip) and cornerbacks Davon House (quad) and Quinten Rollins (ankle) are all questionable.
Here are the other injuries we're tracking on Friday heading into Sunday's slate of Week 5 games:
1. Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck (shoulder) was back at practice, as scheduled on Friday. Colts coach Chuck Pagano said tight end Jack Doyle (concussion/neck) is out against the 49ers on Sunday.
2. Tennessee Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota (hamstring) is questionable and a game-time decision to play Sunday against the Dolphins.
3. Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford said their problematic knee is feeling "much better this week than what it did two weeks ago when I was on the practice field." They were limited in practice Friday, and it remains to be seen if he'll play Monday night against the Chicago Bears.
4. Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr (back) threw in practice for the second straight day and is officially questionable for Sunday. Cornerback David Amerson (concussion), Gareon Conley (shin) and guard Gabe Jackson (foot) also are questionable for the game.
5. Washington Redskins cornerback Josh Norman will be out four weeks due a rib fracture and small puncture in their lungs. Norman suffered the injury in the team's Monday night loss to the Chiefs.
6. Philadelphia Eagles Doug Pederson said RB Wendell Smallwood (knee) is questionable for Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals and defensive tackle Fletcher Cox will not play because of a calf injury.
7. New York Giants center Weston Richburg (head) and running back Paul Perkins (ribs) won't play against the Los Angeles Chargers.
8. Buffalo Bills wide receiver Jordan Matthews (thumb) will not play against the Cincinnati Bengals. Cornerback E.J. Gaines (groin), tackle Cordy Glenn (foot/ankle), safety Micah Hyde (knee) and cornerback Shareece Wright (back) are all listed as questionable for Sunday.
9. Cincinnati Bengals tight end Tyler Eifert (back), wide receiver John Ross (knee), running back Ryan Hewitt (knee) and safety Derron Smith (ankle) have been ruled out for Sunday's game against Buffalo. Eifert has been sidelined since Week 2 -- against the Texans -- after aggravating a back injury similar to the one that ended their 2016 campaign early.
10. Carolina Panthers defensive end Mario Addison (knee) practicing for first time this week, as coach Ron Rivera indicated Thursday. Safety Demetrious Cox (ankle) and center Ryan Kalil (neck) are both out. Rivera, however, said Kalil "had a really good week." Offensive tackle Matt Kalil (groin) has been ruled questionable and Julius Peppers (shoulder) is questionable after not practicing all week.
11. Dallas Cowboys tackle Tyron Smith (back) did not practice Friday and is questionable against the Green Bay Packers. Cornerback Nolan Carroll (concussion) and tackle La'el Collins (ankle) were full participants but are listed as questionable. Linebacker Sean Lee (back) did not practice this week but is questionable for Sunday.
12. Baltimore Ravens defensive tackle Brandon Williams (foot) has been ruled out for Sunday against the Raiders. Cornerback Jaylen Hill (thigh) is doubtful. Wide receiver Jeremy Maclin (hand), cornerback Jimmy Smith (Achilles), tight end Benjamin Watson (calf) and defensive back Ladarius Webb) (thigh) are all questionable.
13. New York Jets defensive end Kony Ealy (shoulder), cornerback Daryl Roberts (hamstring), linebacker Josh Martin (ankle) and running back Matt Forte (knee/toe) are all ruled out. Defensive end Muhammed Wilkerson (shoulder) and cornerback Juston Burris (foot) are both questionable. Jets coach Todd Bowles said Burris injured their foot during practice on Thursday.
14. Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Ryan Russell, who injured their shoulder against the New England Patriots on Thursday, is expected to be out 2 to 4 weeks, a source informed of the situation tells Rapoport.
15. Jacksonville Jaguars wide receiver Jaelen Strong (hamstring), wide receiver Marqise Lee (ribs) and center Brandon Linder (illness) are all questionable against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Linebacker Lerentee McCray (knee) is out after not practicing Thursday and Friday.
16. Pittsburgh Steelers tackle Marcus Gilbert (hamstring) is doubtful for Sunday against the Jaguars after missing practice Thursday and Friday.
17. Kansas City Chiefs center Mitch Morse (foot) and linebacker Dee Ford (back) are out for Sunday vs. Texans.
18. Los Angeles Chargers tackle Joe Barksdale (foot) was a full participant in practice Friday after being limited Thursday.  They are questionable for Sunday against the Giants. Receiver Mike Williams (back) was limited in practice this week but is ruled out. Running back Branden Oliver will not play due to a hip injury.
19. Detroit Lions defensive end Ezekiel Ansah (knee) and linebacker Jarrad Davis (neck) were limited in practice and are both questionable for Sunday vs. the Panthers. Guard T.J. Lang (back) and defensive tackle Haloti Ngata (shoulder) both did not practice Friday and are ruled questionable. Linebacker Tahir Whitehead (pectoral) was limited in practice and is also questionable. Running back Amir Abdullah (ankle) fully participated.
20. Cleveland Browns defensive end Myles Garrett (ankle) is off the injury report and is set to make their NFL debut against the Jets on Sunday. Wide receiver Kenny Britt (knee/groin) and linebacker Jamie Collins (concussion) are both doubtful.
21. Seattle Seahawks cornerback Jeremy Lane (groin) and running back C.J. Prosise are both doubtful for Sunday's tilt against the Los Angeles Rams. Linebacker Michael Wilhoite (hamstring) is questionable. Offensive tackle Rees Odhiambo, hospitalized after Sunday's game with chest and heart issues, is set to play.
22. Houston Texans guard Kyle Fuller did not practice on Friday due to a hamstring injury and is out for Sunday against the Chiefs.
23. Arizona Cardinals wide receivers John Brown (quad) and J.J. Nelson (hamstring/tooth) are each questionable for Sunday's tilt against the Eagles.
You go into my vineyard too!” These are the words addressed by the landowner — at different times of the day — to laborers they found idling themselves away at different times of the day. From dawn until about five o'clock in the afternoon, they wasted no time to hire more laborers.
Perhaps, the work in the vineyard required many hands or simply because they were a man who couldn't stand seeing people wasting precious time. At the day's end, they paid their wages. This is the most striking point about our Lord's parable: they paid each one the same amount without considering how many hours each one spent.
I would like to take the liberty of freely interpreting the parable in a more spiritual sense: disregarding how the laborers were segregated in different stages of the day, I would like to think how they all represent one person (you and me) straying away, and how God tirelessly seeks us out throughout the entire day.
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite God's mysterious love, man continuously abandons Him. And the episode of Eden is once again repeated: “Adam, where are you?” This is a scriptural snapshot of man's life: a constant hide-and-seek with God.
God isn't tired of looking for us because They know They have Their eternity and man with only one brief life to gain the wage of heaven. Thus, God takes the initiative in loving and searching for us.
But again, the deeper question remains: Do we want to be found by God?
I believe so! Who doesn't want to go to heaven? But sadly, as we see from the parable, man seems to constantly wander off, lazily complacent into their own worldly cares. Then God comes looking out for them again.
At least, before this seemingly ridiculous cycle of hide-and-seek, we could add something enriching: putting up sensors to remind us to be frequently in God's presence and help us not to lose our way.
Today, we heavily rely on sensors especially in our gadgets and other office tools. These tell us if the power output is right, whether the battery is fully charged, if the signal is strong or not, and if the printer is out of ink. When these sensors flash out or sound off what they are meant to “sense,” then they help us act on them.
The spiritual life also requires similar sensors. This is so true when we live in a world filled with distractions that may make it hard for us to detect or at least appreciate what is spiritual or supernatural.
The range of “spiritual sensors” will vary according to each one's creativity and initiative. For example, what one decides to affix their eyes upon, like a Crucifix, an image of our Lady or even a simple remembrance of something from a holy person.
What is important when setting up sensors for our souls is that we choose a concrete material reality and assign it to “awaken” in us to some specific spiritual reaction. One example is how St. Josemaría used a staircase as a sensor.
Every time they ascended they prayed: “That They [Jesus] may increase!” And when they descended: “That I may decrease!” These are adapted from St. John the Baptists' humble reply when asked about what they thought about the spread fame of Jesus.
Putting up a number of sensors, not too many, spread throughout the day is sure to keep our souls awake and ready to respond when God seeks us out. Ultimately, these may gradually dispose our soul to readily respond to our Lord, asking: “What will you have me do, Lord?”
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday said there was a good chance that the United States could reach a trade agreement with China and that their treasury secretary would head there for negotiations in a few days.
Trump, speaking to reporters at the White House, also said the United States was engaged in serious trade talks with the European Union, and negotiations with Mexico and Canada over North American Free Trade Agreement(NAFTA) were going nicely.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by David Alexander)
Ontario's Liberals gathered in Toronto this weekend for a final convention to rally troops and hone election policies before provincial election in June.
Thus far, the main elements of the Liberal re-election plan seems to include heaping debt on future generations to fund free-for-all promises and saccharine, bumper-sticker campaign slogans that revolve around the word “fair.”
“I'm so excited to welcome Liberals from across Ontario to this weekend's AGM! I'm looking forward to working together on our next steps to build a fairer, better province for everyone,” Premier Kathleen Wynne tweeted from the Westin Harbour Castle hotel on Toronto's waterfront.
The ongoing chaos in the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party caused by the abrupt resignation of leader Patrick Brown and party president Rick Dykstra over sexual misconduct allegations pose both opportunity and challenge for the Liberals.
Having spent countless hours preparing to fight Brown, their People's Guarantee and perceived flip-flops over abortion, same-sex marriage and sex education, the Liberals now face the prospect of a new leader with a new agenda.
Brown's potential successors include Caroline Mulroney, a smart, tough lawyer and mom who is the daughter of former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. Christine Elliott, also a lawyer and former MPP whose credentials are so impeccable the Liberals made their Ontario's first Patient Ombudsman. Doug Ford brings populist appeal that speaks directly to widespread voter frustration over politics-as-usual. And Rod Phillips, who brings extensive leadership experience inside and outside of government including as chair of Postmedia.
For Wynne and their Liberals, waiting for Conservatives to wrap up their leadership campaign by March 10 causes considerable difficulty in directing venom toward a particular or potential leader.
And while the Liberals shadow-box, Conservatives under interim leader Vic Fedeli will have ample opportunity to remind Ontarians about the disastrous impact 15 years of Liberal rule have had on this province.
There's little “fair” about that record.
The highest hydro prices in Canada, the highest auto insurance premiums in Canada, the highest sub-sovereign debt in the world, corruption charges against government staffers, charges by the province's fiscal watchdog the government is hiding a $4 billion deficit, callous indifference to the erosion of Ontario's auto and manufacturing sector, billions down the drain in a series of gas plant, green energy and other scandals.
Worst of all, the ongoing mismanagement of critical services Ontarians depend upon.
“As #WaitLists continue to grow; 15 elective surgeries cancelled and beds set up in waiting rooms at one #Ottawa hospital,” the Ontario Medical Association tweeted Saturday.
Seems a stark contrast to Wynne's effusive tweet about building a better, fairer Ontario.
SINGAPORE: Ahead of the Government's plan to roll out parcel collection lockers to serve estates across Singapore, at least 30 condominiums have installed them within their premises.
Around another 30 private residences have signed on to have such locker systems in place.
Montebleu at Minbu Road is among the growing number of condominiums that have said yes to a parcel collection network.
For Royston Tan, a Montebleu resident, the lockers solve the problem of missing out on receiving e-commerce packages whenever the deliveryman shows up to an empty house.
"Locker systems like this will give us, you know, a level of convenience where items that we ordered can be dropped off ... whether or not we are at home, and then we come and collect at our own convenience,” said the 43-year-old technology firm vice president.
Pebble Bay, Mi Casa, Costa Del Sol, Pinevale executive condominium and Tampines Court are other residences that already have the lockers installed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Spring Grove, Sims Green, Amber Point, Tanglin Park and Chestervale executive condominium have also signed on for the lockers and will have them installed in due course.
This follows the announcement by the Infocomm Media Development Authority in November that a parcel locker network will be tested out at public housing estates in Punggol and Bukit Panjang next year under a pilot initiative.
Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam had said last year that there are plans for a federated locker system in residential areas to improve last mile delivery of parcels around the island.
While scores of condominiums have taken the initiative to implement such a system, not all private residences have readily taken to the idea, said parcel locker vendor Parcel Santa.
"A lot of them would like to take a wait-and-see approach and see how this develops before they commit themselves," said Jim Huang, chief executive and co-founder of the start-up.
Parcel Santa gets paid by delivery providers like FedEx and DHL every time a locker is used.
If mail is not collected within a 24-hour period, residents are also charged between S$1 and S$3 for every 12-hour block a parcel sits in a locker.
The lockers have in place a multi-layered security system to deter tampering or vandals. Users enter verification information into the locker system sent to their mobile phones or emails when their packages arrive. Without this authentication process, the parcel containers cannot be opened.
Cameras with round-the-clock surveillance and infrared sensors are also embedded into the system.
In most of the private residences, lockers are installed at basement car parks. Only deliverymen registered with courier service providers are authorised to open the lockers to place packages, said Parcel Santa.
"IT'S A LEARNING CURVE"
The Oceanfront @ Sentosa Cove has 35 lockers installed serving about 260 units.
Chairman of the condominium's management committee Desmond Soo said their estate's security services were an added safeguard against potential saboteurs.
"There's always a possibility someone could put a bomb. But I think they've (Parcel Santa) given us measures and in a way, it's a learning curve as well," they said. "We signed (an) agreement with them and we want to start looking at it continuously, monitoring the situation, evaluating."
Security analyst Graham Ong-Webb said that the benefits of the locker system outweighed potential threats to residents.
The research fellow at the Institute for Defence and Strategic Studies at the S Rajaratnam School of International Studies said that while nothing is foolproof, there are still precautions that can be taken to minimise risks.
"These locker systems ought to be placed in a vicinity within a condominium or a housing area which is a little bit of a distance away from where the residents are living," they said. "You know when push comes to shove, if something negative were to happen, then at least the fallout can be mitigated."
In future, when more parcel lockers are installed around homes, they added that they could be put near rubbish collection areas in estates for example as a security safeguard.
I read HuffPo and Everyday Feminism (not obsessively!) to find out what the Regressive Left is up to, just as I look at Breitbart and The Daily Wire to see what the Right is thinking. Everyday Feminism is notable for its extreme denigration of white men at the expense of everyone else (they offer a course on “Healing from Toxic Whiteness“), its “listicles” about the ways you're ideologically impure and can rectify your behavior, and courses on “self care” to help you heal from all their accusations. But it's also notable for seeing how finely they can divide the feminist Left, by whittling away ever more people who thought they were “allies”.
So, for example, we have this piece (click on all screenshots to go to article):
Here we see that being black or Hispanic is not sufficient to participate in meetings of people of color, for if you are a Hispanic or black with lighter skin, you enjoy a privilege that you may want to consider before you start attending meetings of BIPOC (“black, indigenous and people of color”). In general, Dacumos's answer is yes, you shouldn't automatically count yourself as a person of color if your skin is light (note: this doesn't automatically mean that you have white ancestry), because privilege. As the author notes:
To be fair, us light-skinned and white-passing people cannot just snap our fingers and nullify colorism. We cannot return our privilege to the Privilege Store. But, there are some things we can do to address our privilege, like not automatically assuming that we are entitled to be in all BIPOC spaces all the time.
And, after all, who can count themselves as BIPOC? (My emphasis in below.)
Being able to determine whether someone appears to be Black, Indigenous or a Person of Color is complicated and contested, and often depends on many different factors and contexts. For example, some BIPOC may only be seen as such when they are with other BIPOC. But the examples of former NAACP leader Rachel Dolezal and respected Indigenous Studies scholar Andrea Smith, people who were enriched through claiming BIPOC identities even though they may not have any BIPOC ancestry, have highlighted that there might be a problem with uncritically accepting self-identification.
So we have not just a schism among BIPOC based on degree of pigmentation, but a schism about who “identifies” as a person of color. Not everybody who does that, apparently, can be taken seriously (Dolezal is a notable example). And if there's “a problem with uncritically accepting self-identification”, where does that leave gender? After all, Everyday Feminism is an unrelenting advocate of using preferred gender identifications and pronouns. If a light-skinned black who feels black shouldn't necessarily be regarded as black, what about a biological man who identifies as a woman, or even as a group of persons (“they”)?
In the end, Dacumos admonishes light-skinned BIPOC to think carefully before they go to gatherings of people of color, not to dominate the discussions (are the number of words you're allowed to say proportional to your degree of pigmentation?), and to ensure that you have extra compassion for “darker-skinned Black and Indigenous people” who, they say, have been more oppressed than you.
There's no doubt that lighter-skinned blacks have had an easier time of it: if your skin is sufficiently white, like that of Krazy Kat cartoonist George Herriman, you can actually pass for white and completely avoid racism. But by parsing people who identify as Black or Hispanic based on skin color, Dacumos is committing the error of dividing up single ethnic groups by degree of oppression, which is said to be proportional to pigmentation. That's seems a bit on the divisive side, I think. Barack Obama was light skinned and half white, but I was perfectly happy, as was the black community, to see them called the first African-American president.
As for further feminist divisiveness, there's this piece on the same page:
For a short while, Israeli actor Gal Gadot, who played Wonder Woman, was sort of a feminist hero, someone who was praised for empowering young girls. Then the Regressive Left discovered that they were not only an Israeli, but had served (as nearly all Israelis must) in the IDF, the Israeli military. Oops! Well, that was it for Gadot, because, you know, and as the article says, she's a Zionist, an agent of an oppressive regime, and of course everyone knows that “Zionism. . . contradicts the core values of the movement [feminism].” As if Islam in Palestine doesn't!
Author Hadiya Abdelrahman concludes this:
I, for one, refuse to celebrate Gadot's Zionist “feminism.” It cannot take precedence over the voices and struggles of the Palestinian women who fight every day for their basic humanity. But, while I'd love to discuss the many reasons why it is hypocritical to call yourself a feminist if you support the Zionist occupation of Palestine, we'll leave that for another time. For now, I'd rather make some space to discuss some badass women who exist and resist every day. Here are five Palestinian women who have fought the world for their humanity — this is for them.
Well, one of the five Palestinian “wonder women” happens to be Rasmea Odeh (who was celebrated by Linda Sarsour), a Palestinian terrorist murderer. Convicted of involvement in a terrorist bombing of a Jerusalem supermarket in 1969 that killed two Hebrew University students and injured 9, Odeh admitted guilt, was sentenced to life in an Israeli prison, was released after 10 years in a prisoner exchange, and then moved to the U.S., working as associate director at the Arab American Action Network in Chicago. They were found out, convicted of immigration fraud for lying about their criminal past, and will soon be deported.
Yet she's a “wonder woman”! Abdelrahman calls Odeh a “political prisoner” (wrong!), and celebrates them like this:
A few months ago, after three and a half years in court and a few months in jail, Odeh accepted a plea deal in which they agreed to give up their U.S citizenship and leave the country. They entered and left court surrounded and celebrated by dozens of supporters. Odeh is the embodiment of the strength and resilience of Palestinian women; they hold the ability to survive and thrive and continues to build empires out of the dust of violence and loss. Odeh embodies Palestinian resistance. I hope that, by ending with her, you might better understand why it is so important to celebrate, recognize, and learn from the strength of Palestinian women — not only as feminists but also as human beings.
Forget Gal Gadot: let's celebrate someone who killed two civilians and injured nine as a Wonder Woman of the “Palestinian resistance.”
Seriously, doesn't murder civilians disqualify you as a “Wonder Woman”? Give me Gal Gadot any day.
But such are the regressives in third wave feminism, extolling a society in which women are oppressed and celebrating women who kill members of a society in which women have full rights. The world has gone mad.
h/t: Cindy
Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov has called to respect the choice made by Turkey at Sunday's referendum on expanding presidential powers, according to ITAR-TASS news agency.
“The referendum is absolutely a sovereign affair of the Turkish Republic,” – Peskov underlined. “We believe that everyone should respect the expression of will of the Turkish people.”
According to the preliminary data 51.3% of voters supported the constitutional amendments replacing the country's parliamentary system, and shifting powers to president. Another 48.7% of voters opposed the proposed amendments. The final results will be announced within 11-12 days.
Russian President's Spox Peskov urges everyone to respect referendum results, says it's Turkey's own businesshttps://t.co/X24ZwEefFI — DAILY SABAH (@DailySabah) April 17, 2017
Two weeks before I gave birth to my second son, I was wrapped up under a blanket on my couch – eyelids heavy and a beleaguered throw pillow between my knees – listening to a guided meditation track specifically designed for those of us terrified by surgery. I took slow breaths. I did not think about needles or internal organs. My heart beat at a steady rhythm. Everything was going to be great.
For my entire pregnancy, I'd had a low-lying placenta stubbornly situated 1.4 centimeters from my cervix. According to my doctor/midwife practice, and approximately one million Internet message boards (yes, I read them all), such a placenta would make a vaginal birth too risky to attempt. After several weeks – er, months – of denial and terror, I'd made a kind of peace with the situation, downloaded Peggy Huddleston's surgery prep MP3s, ordered those really soft C-section recovery underwear, pored over an Instagram account featuring harrowing yet beautiful pictures of gentle cesareans, and decided I wanted Johnny Cash playing in the operating room when the surgeons got down to business.
A week later, an ultrasound technician took one last measurement of my jerk of a placenta. I dubiously watched the TV screen in the cramped exam room, scraping ultrasound jelly off the edge of my t-shirt. Then, I noticed a number. Two. Then another. 2.14. 2.05. Things, I realized, had shifted. My placenta had somehow moved the requisite two centimeters away (though the tech betrayed not an ounce of surprise or hopefulness, well-trained tech that they are). Four days later, my OB popped breezily into another exam room, where I braced myself for the news that I had grossly misread the ultrasound or that two centimeters was still too close for comfort or that now there was some other good reason for me to not give birth the way I had the first time. “So I saw the scans,” the doctor said, waving a folder at me excitedly. “They looked great. Looks like you're good to go for a vaginal birth!”
“Okay!” I said to my grinning doctor. Okay. Okay. That was when I yanked those invisible strings you yank when you know you're supposed to be smiling but it just isn't happening naturally. “Great! What a relief!”
It was then that I realized how I'd not only accepted what had originally been a bewildering twist in my birth plan, I'd gotten profoundly attached to the idea.
Okay, I'll just say it: I wanted a C-section. I wanted a medicated surgical birth. I was told I had to have it and so I had subconsciously figured out a way to want it with every fiber of my being. I couldn't say this out loud though, not yet, I couldn't even acknowledge it to my self. So instead, when the “good news” about my placenta came up with friends and family, I'd quickly add in, “You never know, I might need an emergency C-section! So, we'll see, right?”
A week later, I was at last able to articulate the truth, to put into words what I really wanted this birth to be. Of course I happened to be lying sideways on a hospital bed, having rapidly dilated to 9.5 centimeters and also having halfheartedly turned down the epidural just a few hours earlier. But I said it. I finally said it.
“I WANT THE C-SECTION! I CAN'T DO THIS! GIVE ME THE C-SECTION!”
My first birth, three and a half years earlier, involved 24 hours of labor and concluded with some dramatic fanfare: the vacuum extraction of my baby after three hours of pushing. I'd opted not to have an epidural, as my overwhelming fear of needles beat out my fear of pain. And yeah, it hurt, but the whole thing moved like a car in midtown Manhattan around 5 p.m. (nice and slow), so I never felt out of my depth, never cursed out the universe, never imagined being anywhere but exactly where I was. At the end, even before my placenta had cleared the decks, I was making jokes. I felt a thousand pounds lighter, figuratively and literally. I couldn't stop grinning. And it turns out that the elation I felt seeing my swollen son on the examining table across from me was a birth high that for me wouldn't be replicated.
My second birth was, on paper, exactly what I wanted – before my low-lying placenta scrambled my brain. Again, I perhaps foolishly turned down the drugs. I went from four centimeters cm to 10 centimeters in less than four hours. I pushed for just 20 minutes. I left my apartment at 7:30 a.m. with manageable cramps and had a slippery baby on my chest by noon.
It was fast and straightforward and nearly without injury, but ultimately the whole thing felt to me like a rickety rollercoaster I had not wanted to get on and could not get off of. Turns out that what looks good on paper is not necessarily relevant when you're on hands and knees on the floor of the triage room, barking at the nurse “No, there is simply no way I will be able to stand up and be wheeled to the delivery room. SORRY.”
I wanted to believe – don't we all – that there was a perfect birth for me and, if I played my cards right, such an experience was mine for the taking. But even if that's true, which I doubt, what does a perfect birth ultimately mean? Does it ensure a perfect baby, a perfect toddler, a perfect mother child relationship, a perfect life? Seems unlikely!
As I write this, I wait for my nearly four-week-old to wake up at any moment, obliterating this perfect chunk of writing time I'd so carved out so carefully for myself. I wait, too, for them to start sleeping more than two hours at a time. I wait for my breasts to stop leaking milk at inopportune moments (like every time I leave the house without those bra pads in). I wait for the shape of my new life with two children to emerge in front of me so that I may know what to call it, as though by saying its a square or a triangle, it will suddenly make sense and be manageable.
It is my most recent birth that reminds me that while I wait for things to sort themselves out into what I want them to be, my older son is telling me a weird and incredible story about how to hide graham crackers in pieces of chocolate and my younger son is not screaming and my husband has procured dinner and we are all okay and together and that is in fact exactly and all I want.
Researchers will start excavation work to completely uncover an underground city located in northeast Turkey's Bayburt province, according to Bayburt Director of Culture and Tourism Bekir Kurtoğlu.
Initially discovered in 1999 during construction work, researchers first found around 20 rooms with 2-meter-long ceilings in the underground city. Researchers concluded that the rooms were built solely by carving rocks without any additional construction materials.
Soon after, it was realized that the rooms were not the only underground structures as archeologists also found tunnels running underground. Around 1,200 meters of the underground tunnels have been excavated so far but it is believed that the tunnels run as long as 7,500 meters, running from Bayburt Castle to Kırzı town.
In an effort to uncover the remaining parts of the underground city, officials have drafted a restoration project to fully discover what lies beneath. The officials will make use of ground penetrating radars (GPR) in order to map out the underground tunnels precisely before proceeding with the excavation.
According to Kurtoğlu, around 40,000 people have visited the underground city, which is believed to have been used as a shelter by people fleeing colony wars during the Roman Empire.
During the late Middle Ages, Bayburt was a stronghold of the Genovese and its strategic location between the Empire of Trebizond in the Black Sea, and Persia boosted its prosperity in the 14th century.
Other historical landmarks in the city include a 12.3 acre ancient site, tombs, mosques, baths and the Baksı Museum.
Famous Ottoman traveler Evliya Çelebi and Venetian explorer Marco Polo are believed to have visited Bayburt in the 16th and 13th centuries, respectively.
A standoff is happening in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood between police and an off-duty King County sheriff's deputy who is holed up inside an apartment.
It is happening near the intersection of Belmont Avenue East and East Pine Street. Police say they believe the suspect may be armed.
Police say it started as a domestic violence assault call Wednesday morning. The suspect has been barricaded since 1:30 a.m. and has been talking with law enforcement throughout the standoff.
The victim was able to get out safely.
Some neighbors were told to evacuate and others were told to shelter in place.
The deputy has been with King County Sheriff's Office for two and a half years. They have been on paid administrative leave since March for an ongoing investigation.
Seattle Police will do a criminal investigation of the incident first, and the Sheriff's Office will do an internal investigation afterwards.
Belmont is closed between East Olive Way and East Howell Street. Howell is also closed between Summit Avenue East and Boylston Avenue East, according to Seattle Police.
© 2018 KING
This statement was originally published on ipi.media on 28 November 2017.
On Oct. 23, 2017, a man stabbed Russian radio host and Ekho Moskvy Deputy Editor-in-Chief Tatyana Felgenhauer in the throat at the radio station's offices in central Moscow. Felgenhauer survived the attack, but only after spending the next few days in a medically induced coma.
Authorities identified the attacker as a Russian-IsraeIi citizen and said they suspected they might be mentally unstable. President Vladimir Putin rejected suggestions that Felgenhauer was targeted because of their reporting, calling the assailant a "sick man". Internationally, the event drew attention to the threats and violence that independent Russian journalists face, with many commentators saying the situation is getting worse, citing increasing polarisation and a violent political climate that encourages attacks.
Ekho Moskvy is well known as one of the few media outlets featuring reports and discussions that are critical of the Kremlin. Like other independent outlets in Russia, Ekho Moskvy has often faced accusations of working for foreign interests and its journalists have been branded traitors and attacked.
The attack on Felgenhauer was preceded by a news report on Russian state television that singled out Ekho Moskvy and Felgenhauer as working against the interests of the Russian state ahead of a presidential election set for March. The station was accused of working with foreign NGOs and Felgenhauer's supporters say they were attacked for their complaints about the conditions that journalists in the country face.
Shortly after the attack, another journalist also working for Ekho Moskvy, Ksenia Larina, left the country. Alexei Venediktov, the station's editor-in-chief, said they asked Larina to leave Russia for their safety.
In September, Novaya Gazeta columnist and Ekho Moskvy radio show host Yulia Latynina decided to flee Russia after unknown assailants set fire to their car. Unknown assailants also attacked them at their home in mid-July and in August 2016 suspected activists of a far-right movement threw faeces at them outside of Ekho Moskvy's studio.
This year, the International Press Institute (IPI) has recorded three journalists' deaths in Russia on its Death Watch, all of whom were possibly targeted for their work. The London-based free expression watchdog Index on Censorship has documented over 30 incidents of physical assault against journalists so far this year.
Although the struggles that remaining independent media face in Russia are nothing new, observers have noted an increase in serious threats and attacks, many of which go unnoticed in the West and even in Moscow.
IPI talked about this increase with Nadezhda Azhgikhina, a long-time journalist who is vice president of the European Federation of Journalists and a member of the Free Word Association, and Russian broadcast and investigative journalist Artem Filatov, a former Ekho Moskvy contributor now working as a freelance journalist in Moscow.
IPI: Many called the recent attack on journalist Tatyana Felgenhauer a "frightening development". Does this mean certain groups are more willing to resort to violence instead of other forms of intimidation?
Azhgikhina: Many define the attack on Tatyana by a man with mental problems as a consequence of aggression and hate speech in society and in the mainstream. It provokes not only with so many obvious words of hate, but with style, intonation and way of presenting news and especially talk shows. [State television is] naming journalists from Ekho as "fifth column", servants for the West, etc.
Filatov: Half a year before the election the situation is getting more complicated and difficult, more attempts are made to stop journalists from doing their work. What we see is that the atmosphere is becoming more intolerable for independent voices.
IPI: Which kinds of groups are usually responsible for or suspected of the intimidation against journalists?
Azhgikhina: Very different [kinds]. According to the monitoring of the Glasnost Defense Foundation, journalists face intimidation on a regular basis in all regions of Russia. Threats are from mostly unknown people, most from right-wing radical groups, or criminals, or groups associated with businesses, regional and local authorities or even law enforcement. There might be business people, gangsters and local authorities behind [the threats], but it is very difficult to prove the links. Sometimes local politicians or police officers, or business people, call or write online and threaten critical journalists, but not so often. More often threats come from religious radicals.
Filatov: Authorities are very skilful in their campaign against journalists, because they very rarely identify themselves as the ones opposing journalists. Often we can see the traces of people in power.
I don't see many instruments to criticise these politicians or to change their attitudes and actions. As I see it, they have almost limitless power. There are some things they can't do but they are so used to just working with government media, who always have the right, friendly questions. They just no longer face any criticism, and when they see a journalist who goes against them, they are really thinking: "why are they doing this?" This is strange to them, and they see this as kind of violation of the order of things in Russia.
IPI: Has there been an increase in the harassment and pressure of journalists lately?
Azhgikhina: Yulia Latynina left the country after threats and attacks. Dmitry Muratov, chief editor of Novaya Gazeta, decided to give weapons to their journalists. Those cases are well known. But many journalists in the regions have also been attacked. Attacks and threats have been increasing recently, monitors say. And pressure on critical voices is getting stronger. And impunity is the reason for these new attacks.
Filatov: There are cases of journalists urged to stop their activities which are relatively unknown in the West and even in Moscow. We see this not only in Moscow. For example there is the case of my colleague from St. Petersburg, investigative journalist Sergey Kagermazov, who did several important investigations on the World Cup arena and alleged misconduct of the head of city parliament. In October they were urged to stop their investigations and leave St. Petersburg for a safe place, because a sort of investigation was started against him. Police came to their flat and newsroom, pressuring, and in the end they had to leave.
In Kaliningrad, for example, a journalist is faced with an almost fantastic charge for bribing a head of a local police investigative committee. It would be an unthinkable act to attempt to bribe such a powerful police official. But now the journalist is under arrest.
In St. Petersburg, journalists are quite worried about the future. In Moscow, it is a little different, because the media market is bigger. Still, government control is growing, and independent outlets are trying to hold on to economic and political independence.
If you want to find a job in independent media, it's hard, because there aren't too many places. There are plenty of job openings for state media. So if you don't want to work for them, you won't have a job as a journalist.
You can only avoid pressure if you work for entertainment media. Only then you can relax.
IPI: A lot of the recent cases have involved women journalists: do pressure and threats affect women journalists differently?
Azhgikhina: Women receive around three times more threats than men, and many of these are threats of sexual violence, against themselves and family members and children. Much stopped writing critical texts. Some left the profession. Recent serious cases of threats have been mostly on women journalists. Many don't like women speaking out about anything, and that includes religion and politics.
IPI: What is the role of state television and state-owned media outlets in the harassment of and attacks on independent journalists?
Azhgikhina: State TV and state-owned media are very diverse, and many journalists from the regions facing attacks and intimidation work for local media getting strong financial support of the state or directly owned by governmental structures. Ekho Moskvy gets funds from Gasprom, which is strongly associated with the state. Many journalists of state owned outlets and those associated with the state companies do honest work. But a number of political programs on national TV, broadcasting in prime time, are well known for their aggressive and propagandistic, anti-Western, anti-liberal agenda and approach. And it is really harmful.
Filatov: Felgenhauer was attacked just a week after a very harsh report on Russia 1 TV, which branded Ekho Moskvy as traitors. They used descriptions that definitely put journalists at risk. The problem is not only the depiction of journalists on state television, it's the problem of how they tell the audiences about opposition and any independent institutions. In the stories and narratives of state media, some state news websites, it's like a criminal trial, where journalists are depicted as criminals, evil, problematic, as a threat to Russian democracy and society. Of course it influences some people who think they are now allowed to harm journalists and activists, and they see that they may avoid any punishment for doing that.
IPI: Have there been appropriate reactions from the authorities or politicians to the recent attacks, or are they making the situation worse?
Azhgikhina: Not enough. And it is very dangerous. It is important to investigate all cases of attacks and violence against journalists and bring those responsible to court. These have to be recognised as serious crimes, all threats must be taken seriously. Now they only pay attention to death threats; threats of sexual violence, for example, go more unnoticed.
Filatov: As far as I understand, the situation with [Felgenhauer] is treated seriously and authorities have been helpful. In some other cases, we see different approaches. The biggest problem is the way the cases are investigated: the investigations don't turn up any results and they don't prevent new attacks.
I never received any death threats myself, but I know that my colleagues have. They are not investigated properly. In some cases authorities say that they are not real threats, because they are just on the Internet, just messages. Sometimes these cases are even ignored.
IPI: How do you see the situation developing in the near future?
Filatov: I have mixed feelings about what's happening in Russia. We still have international media in Russia that makes quality content, that have skilled journalists working for them. We also see some media start-ups that have been successful, but at the same time we see a huge decline in journalistic independence. Independent media no longer shapes public opinion. Most worrying is the growing number of threats and attempts to silence journalists.
It's not the end of the story though, and journalists will find a way to react to this. We are not shy people and not easily pressured. I don't feel fear among those journalists who have decided to stay in the profession.
ADVERTISEMENT
It's a February evening in Texas, and teenager Marie Robards stands in the doorway of their father's apartment. Silently, they watch as paramedics try in vain to save their lives. One year later, Marie is studying Hamlet with a friend when a murderous confession sparks a dark revelation of their own.
At high school in Fort Worth, TX, in the 1970s, the tall, muscular Steven Robards was considered a catch. Beth Lohmer, meanwhile, was athletic and studious, the president of the National Honors Society and a key player on the basketball and volleyball teams. The pair fell in love and got married in 1974 when Beth was just 18.
ADVERTISEMENT
After two years, their daughter Dorothy Marie, known as Marie, arrived. However, the cracks in Steven and Beth's relationship had already begun to show. Finally, in 1980, Beth tired of their husband's erratic behavior and left the family home with Marie in tow.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
ZURICH: The Swiss government urged voters on Monday to keep the annual licence fee that finances public broadcasters, saying taxpayer money played a crucial role in supporting cultural diversity and political discourse in the media.
Its call seeks to defuse support for the "No Billag" initiative that comes to a binding vote on March 4 and which opinion polls show has around 57 percent support.
Proponents want to scrap the "Billag" fee that last year raised 1.37 billion Swiss francs (£1 billion) as the financial lifeblood for public broadcasters at the federal, regional and local levels.
National broadcaster SRG, which operates in the four national languages, gets 75 percent of its budget from the fee.
"A varied media offering is important for a small, polyglot country like Switzerland with its direct democracy," President Doris Leuthard said in a statement.
Switzerland says it would be the first country in Europe to abolish fees for public broadcasting should the measure be adopted. This would push advertising revenue to mostly foreign-controlled commercial media.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The government is cutting the fee - levied on homes with a radio or TV set - to 365 francs per private household from 2019 from around 450 now. Businesses will pay up to 35,590 francs a year based on a sliding scale of annual sales.
(Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Catherine Evans)
The Penguin was talked about quite a bit as the main villain in Matt Reeves' The Batman around this time last year, but that was before it was revealed that Reeves had completely trashed Ben Affleck's script to start fresh. Josh Gad was heavily rumored to be playing the character and the actor stoked those fires every chance they got. However, a lot has changed since then and we haven't heard much in the way of Oswald Cobblepot taking the lead villain role in The Batman in about year. Now, a new report suggests that the Penguin will be the big bad after all.
The new report comes from Variety's Justin Kroll who reportedly has some DCEU intel. Kroll emphasizes that the DCEU has been undergoing a lot of big changes behind-the-scenes, which is common knowledge. They insinuate that if the Penguin doesn't show up in The Batman, that they will more than likely end up in the upcoming Birds of Prey movie. They had this to say.
"Take this with a grain of salt as things are constantly changing in the DCEU but I'm hearing the Penguin is possibly the choice to play the main villain in The Batman. Sources add even if Reeves decide to go another route the studio could then make them the main villain in Birds of Prey."
It had been previously reported that the Penguin was the main villain in one of the few scripts that is being considered for Birds of Prey. Additionally, Matt Reeves is still working on the script for The Batman at this time after recently completing an outline. The DCEU and Reeves could end up changing plans at any time in the creative process, so even if this report is accurate, it might not end up happening in the end.
As for Josh Gad, they were never officially confirmed for the role of the Penguin in The Batman but they were leaving some pretty heavy hints. The actor met at DC headquarters and both DC and Gad shared the pictures on social media. Gad has even posted pictures and gif files of penguins in response to some of Matt Reeves' tweets. Josh Gad could end up playing the Penguin in The Batman or even Birds of Prey, since it seems that the DCEU and Warner Bros. want the character in some form or another on the big screen.
We previously saw Danny DeVito's version of the Penguin in 1992's Batman Returns, which will bring up the great comparison debate if this report ends up being proven true. It had previously been reported that Ben Affleck wanted to use a villain that had not been seen on the big screen yet, but their initial script is no longer being used. In fact, it's not even clear if they will portray the Caped Crusader in The Batman at this time. You can read the original report below, courtesy of Justin Kroll's Twitter account.
Chaz Mostert has ended a golden Audi run by stealing pole position for Sunday's Bathurst 12 Hour race.
The Supercars young gun edged out South African Kelvin Van der Linde's Audi R8 by two tenths of a second in Saturday's top-10 shootout, becoming the first driver of the weekend to break into 2m:01s barrier.
Mostert has declared their team every chance of claiming the race for BMW Team Schnitzer 26 years since they last visited Mount Panorama.
The German squad's history spans 50 years, with DTM titles accompanied by world, European, British, Italian, Japanese and Asia-Pacific touring car crowns, and success in a string of major sportscar races.
Charly Lamm's outfit last visited Australia in 1987 to contest the Bathurst round of the World Touring Car Championship. Mostert is teamed up in the factory team with Brazilian Augusto Farfus and German BMW works driver Marco Wittmann.
"It's pretty surreal ... for me it's probably one of the best pole positions I've ever had," Mostert said.
"There were some pretty quick Audis so I knew we had to step it up. To do it here amongst all of this amazing talent is unreal. I am just the Aussie bogan having a go."
Starting on the front row of the grid gives Mostert and their teammates a key advantage with the race set to start in darkness at 5:45am.
"It reduces the risk completely," Mostert said. "In the dark here with the lights and stuff, the risk is much higher to end up out of the race."
The Audi of Van der Linde, Garth Tander and Frederic Vervisch had been dominant after the early practice form of Farfus in the BMW.
"I have a theory that when the weekend starts well, you can really keep the momentum going," Van der Linde said. "We have every chance tomorrow. We have a good car and a good team."
Reigning Supercars champion Jamie Whincup had a tough day in the Mercedes-AMG and will start from 16th on the grid.
Lee Holdsworth became a casualty in qualifying when they spun their Audi R8 on the way up the mountain, causing a lengthy red flag. Despite the heavy crash, the team has declared the car a starter for Sunday, starting from 20th on the grid.
More than a month after they were allegedly tortured by members of Uganda's secret service, Rwandan citizen Fidel Gatsinzi is still limping from their injuries.
Gatsinzi claims they were arrested by security agents after visiting their son at a Ugandan university in December and that 12 days of being hooded and beaten left them in a wheelchair for days after their release.
“They were accusing me of being a Rwandan spy and a killer. That I was in Uganda to hunt down Rwandan refugees living in Uganda to harm them,” Gatsinzi told The Associated Press, denying the accusations. They said they saw another Rwandan who had been tortured and was “really in a bad shape.”
The neighbouring East African countries have faced years of uneasy relations over Uganda's refusal to forcibly repatriate Rwandan refugees, including some who are suspected of involvement in Rwanda's genocide in 1994. People like Gatsinzi claim they are caught in the middle, suspected by one country or the other. Now some are taking their claims to court.
For Rwanda's government, the continuing existence of refugees challenges its narrative of peace and stability after years of recovery from the genocide. But many of those refugees worry they would be jailed on trumped-up charges if they returned home.
As Uganda pursues Rwandans it suspects of hunting down refugees, some are subjected to torture in the process, said Gawaya Tegulle, a Ugandan lawyer who has visited Rwandan nationals in detention.
“I visited Gatsinzi and the kind of torture they were subjected to is inhumane. They could not speak,” Tegulle said. They plan to file a case with the High Court against Uganda's government claiming illegal detention and torture.
After such claims were made public in recent weeks, Rwandan President Paul Kagame chaired a meeting last month between the two countries to discuss the issue.
The January 5 meeting in Rwanda's capital, Kigali, addressed, among other things, “arrests and disappearances of Rwandan citizens in Uganda,” Rwandan Foreign Minister Louise Mushikiwabo said on Twitter.
Uganda's state minister for international relations, Henry Okello Oryem, has said tensions will not escalate. “Rwanda is a historical strategic ally of Uganda and both countries work for peace,” they told the AP.
Uganda army spokesperson Brigadier Richard Karemire declined to comment on the allegations of detention and torture of Rwandan citizens.
Rwanda's president has long been accused by critics and human rights groups of plotting the assassination or disappearance of former allies and dissidents, including in other countries. They have denied it.
Late last year, Ugandan police officers and a retired Rwandan army officer, Rene Rutagungira, were arrested and charged by a military court in Uganda's capital, Kampala, in the kidnapping of a Rwandan refugee and their transfer to Rwandan authorities. They are charged with conspiracy with Rwanda to carry out the abduction.
They are accused of kidnapping Lt. Joel Mutabazi, a former bodyguard of Kagame who fled the country in 2011 while alleging persecution, and forcefully taking them back to Rwanda in 2013. Mutabazi was sentenced to life in prison for involvement in terrorism and other charges, which they denied.
It is not clear how Mutabazi, who was in the care of the UN refugee agency, ended up in the hands of Ugandan police and then Rwandan authorities.
“It's unconscionable that they handed them over summarily to the police force of the country whose persecution they fled,” Daniel Bekele with Human Rights Watch said at the time. The group has long urged Uganda's government to protect Rwandan critics now living in the country.
The return of refugees must be voluntary, a UN refugee agency spokesperson in Rwanda, Nana Heltberg, told the AP, saying about 250 000 Rwandan refugees are still in exile today.
Meanwhile the lawyer for the former Rwanda army officer who faces charges told the AP that they were held in Ugandan custody for longer than the permitted 48 hours and subjected to beatings, electric shocks, water immersion and solitary confinement while accused of being a spy.
The lawyer, Eron Kiiza, said a case has been filed with the High Court seeking damages and Rutagungira's unconditional release.
Sarah and Chad have certainly been getting flirty...
Celebrity Big Brother stars Sarah Harding and Chad Johnson have seen their relationship hot up over the past few days and now they've even faced questions on whether they've had SEX.
The pair were seen kissing in scenes aired on Saturday night's show before cuddling up in bed together and it's got their fellow housemates wondering if things went further than they realised…
Sarah, 35, and Chad, 30, have been quizzed by Brandi Glanville about whether they've done the deed in footage set to be shown on Monday evening and it all gets a bit awkward.
Whilst the trio sit together at the table the US reality star asks: ‘So did you guys have sex yet?'
Both Sarah and Chad reply ‘No', before Sarah adds: ‘It's not like that.'
‘No? Make out?' Brandi continues to ask.
Sarah orders them ‘Stop' but Brandi, 44, cheekily keeps on prying into the situation.
‘I mean it's on camera. People were talking about it, if it happened,' they point out.
Girls Aloud star Sarah is adamant that they won't be getting that intimate with Chad in front of the cameras though.
‘No I'm not going to do anything like that in the house,' the singer tells Brandi. ‘That was just a different, I don't know, I've just got to maintain some decorum while I'm in the house and respect other people.'
Chad doesn't seem to understand the word Sarah's just used and asks: ‘Maintain some what?'
Sarah then repeats ‘Decorum' as Brandi nods and looks on.
It comes after Sarah revealed the morning after they locked lips with Chad that they were keen to ‘draw a line' under it, especially given that she'd been dating someone on the outside for four weeks before entering the house.
However, they admitted that they ‘didn't know' what would happen and would have to ‘wait and see'.
Chad seemed disappointed that they were pulling back from any sort of romance and explained in the Diary Room: ‘I mean I'm not happy about it, but I understand it and I respect it.'
Hmmm, we're keen to see how this one pans out…
A police search of a residence in Vermillion led to a substantial drug find of marijuana, cocaine, methamphetamine, mushrooms, oxycodone and fentanyl tablets on Nov. 22.
“The business of drug trafficking risks the lives of everyone involved,” said Cpl. Corey Buckingham of the Vermilion RCMP Detachment. “Drugs such as these have a detrimental impact on the communities we serve but every seizure we make plays a vital part in making our streets safer.”
Police also seized multiple firearms and weapons, $1,500 cash and cannabis resin from the property. Two stolen ATVs and a snow blower were also recovered.
Mark Richard James Cameron, 43, was charged with three counts of possession of property obtained by crime, three counts of possession of a prohibited weapon, five counts of unauthorized possession of a firearm, seven counts of possession for the purpose of trafficking and 11 counts of possession of firearms and ammunition while prohibited.
Singer, Dapo ‘D'banj' Oyebanjo, has spoken for the first time after loosing their one-year-old son, Daniel jnr, over a week ago.
The singer has been off social media since their son died on June 24. The toddler drowned in a swimming pool in their Ikoyi, Lagos home.
The singer was in Los Angeles, US, for the BET Awards when the sad incident took place.
In breaking the silence, D'banj posted a pitch black image on their Instagram page on Wednesday morning.
The ‘Oliver Twist' singer thanked everyone for the love and support shown to their family as they mourn the death of Daniel III.
“We want to use this medium to thank everyone that has extended a hand of support to us during this period,” D'banj wrote.
“On behalf of myself and my family, we are awed by the demonstration of love and care from both near and afar. May God bless you all.”
D'banj wedded Lineo Didi Kilgrow at a secret ceremony in June 2016 held in Lagos. Their deceased son, Daniel Jnr, was their only child.
The Lagos state police invited the couple to file a report explaining the circumstances that led to their son's death.
The command's spokesperson, Chike Oti, said, “It is expected that when the mourning period is over, the family will formally report the circumstances that led to the unfortunate death of the little Daniel to the police.”
Manchester: Pep Guardiola said Manchester City's triumph in the Manchester derby was a victory for the honesty of their players and their football following criticism from Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho.
Set-piece goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi earned City a 2-1 win at a snow-flecked Old Trafford on Sunday that propelled Guardiola's side a yawning 11 points clear of United at the Premier League summit.
Mourinho had accused City's players of diving and committing "tactical fouls" prior to the game and afterwards they made an unconvincing claim their side should have been awarded a late penalty when Ander Herrera was booked for diving.
But Guardiola said: "We won because we were better. In all departments, we were better."
Guardiola grew accustomed to Mourinho's barbs when they were in charge of Barcelona and the Portuguese was trying to knock them from their pedestal at Real Madrid and they said their old adversary was up to their old tricks.
"The message was the same in Barcelona: our players diving," Guardiola told their post-match press conference.
"When a team has the courage to have 65, 70, 75 percent average ball possession in all the games, it's because it's an honest team.
"It's because they want to play. And that is what we have done. We are clear, we are open. We want the ball, want to attack, we want to try to win the games in the way we believe.
"The others can do whatever they want. My players want to play, want to attack. Sometimes they're quicker, sometimes they're faster, but they're not a team who try to look for something special (by diving).
"Because we are honest."
In a classic example of Mourinho mischief-making, the United manager had also questioned Guardiola's right to wear a yellow ribbon in solidarity with the jailed Catalan separatist leaders Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez.
The City manager has not been told they cannot wear the ribbon and they delivered an impassioned defence of their position after the match, saying they intended to show their support for the pair "even if they suspend me".
City's goals 'disgraceful'
While City were the dominant team – seeing 65 percent of the ball and registering seven shots on target to United's five – it took a dazzling double save from Ederson to thwart Romelu Lukaku and Juan Mata late on.
Mourinho was aggrieved by an incident prior to that when Spanish midfielder Herrera flopped to the ground over Otamendi's foot and was booked – correctly – by referee Michael Oliver for simulation.
Mourinho, whose team briefly drew level through Marcus Rashford, claimed it was a "huge penalty" and said the two goals their side conceded, both of which stemmed from fluffed Lukaku clearances, were "disgraceful".
"Yes, they had much more of the ball, yes they had that apparent control of the game," Mourinho said.
"But the biggest save is the double save of their goalkeeper and the biggest decision of the game is the unlucky decision of Michael (Oliver)."
They added: "Manchester City are a very good team and they are protected by the luck and the gods of football are behind them."
Asked whether the title was now irretrievable, Mourinho conceded: "Probably, yes."
Guardiola was more circumspect, instead opting to congratulate their players on becoming the first team in the history of the English top flight to win 14 straight games within the same season.
"You cannot be champions in December," they said.
"It's important for our confidence to feel that we can compete on big stages with a huge personality. Of course, we are so happy. But it's December.
"We have three days (before playing Swansea City), no recovery. In (another) three days, Tottenham Hotspur. We'll see where we are in March and April.
"But of course we're so glad and so happy to win 14 games in a row."
The PKK-affiliated Democratic Union Party (PYD), which is currently conducting an open war against Turkey, plays a key role in the fight against Daesh according to its main backers, namely the U.S. and Europe. The PYD and its international backers have admitted that Daesh still exists despite its retreat into the desert between the Iraq-Syria border and claim the PYD's existence is crucial for preventing the re-expansion of the terrorist group. However, recent developments have indicated that the forces confronting Daesh are actually loyal to the Syrian regime.
Yesterday, Daesh-affiliated media said the son of its leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was killed during a fight with Syrian and Russian troops in Homs. Identifying a young man as Huthaifa al-Badri in a picture, Daesh said they were Baghdadi's young son. Though details on exactly when they were killed are unknown, a statement said the young man was killed during a fight with Syrian and Russian troops when the latter raided a power station. Homs is in the western region of the country between Idlib and Damascus. It is believed that Daesh still has a small presence in the area, including in the Yarmouk refugee camp. Yet, it is not clear whether the group is as organized as before. During Turkey's military incursions in al-Bab and Jarablus, the group was erased from the north, retreating to the south.
In the country's east, mainly in Raqqa, regime forces and Russian troops targeted Daesh militants. Recapturing several towns and villages around Raqqa and Deir ez-Zor, forces loyal to the regime are fighting the militants locally. Fars News Agency on Wednesday reported that certain tribes loyal to the regime have marched to Raqqa, chanting slogans against Daesh.
Meanwhile, the PYD claims that its existence is crucial for the fight against Daesh. The U.S.-led anti-Daesh coalition has been carrying out aerial attacks on Daesh positions; although recently the U.S., under the pretext of fighting Daesh, claimed to have attacked some other forces on the ground, including those loyal to Iran. Besides, the PYD's fight has focused on Turkey with the group frequently targeting Turkish security forces near the border. By providing training areas for PKK militants, the PYD has helped the separatist terror organization carry out attacks in Turkey.
The PYD has expressed its plans to seek autonomy despite the expressed concerns of Turkey, Russia and the regime. According to recent reports in Lebanese media, the PYD and the Syrian regime signed a preliminary agreement on Monday in al-Hasakah, a city in the country's north where both PYD and the regime forces exist. Al-Masdar newspaper claimed that the agreement foresees that PYD militants will join regime forces and handover some villages near the Turkish and Iraqi borders. In return, the Kurdish language will be part of Syria's educational system, fighting for the PYD will be counted as a service in the regime's army and a Kurdish official will have a permanent seat in the Oil Ministry.
Regardless of whether the agreement will be implemented or not, it is certain that the PYD's agenda extends beyond U.S. claims that its sole purpose is to aid in the fight against Daesh.
WEST ALEXANDRIA — Birthdays: Erica Keener, Ryan Studebaker, Reagan Beneke, Jody Guehring, Ralf Mohr, Sharon Cooper Bailey, Dan Deeter Jr., Justine Holthaus, Jeff Johnson, Kevin Hager, Matt Studebaker, M.D., Aubrey Byrd, Mary Jane Seim, Jessica Dudas Scarce, Lois Welsh, Valerie House Durkle, Kathryn Frantz, Andrew McKinney, Joni King Bradley, Alicia Hake, Megan Maleski, Claudia Hurst, Eric Mowell, Claudia Hurst, Sam Denny, Cora Kuykendoll, Nick Guehring, Maggie Hoover, Ryan Bassler, Nancy Locke, Lynne Voge, Shyanne Guehring, Grady Arndts, Caleb Walker, Kevin Hager, Kathy Frantz, Debra Jones, Cody Wysong, Tim Beneke, Ryan Burns, Kari Evans Duke, Allison Lee, Steven Haynes, Jacob Unger, Katie Crowe, in memory of Charlie Voge and Steve Rosell.
Anniversaries: Jeff and JoEllen Hickey, Steve and Ben Bitner, Tim and Kathy Landwehr, Keegan and Erica Holthaus, Darrell and Christine Bitner, Zach and Macey Wells, Justin and Brittany Isaacs, Preston and Heather Guehring, Todd and Kim Fergus.
Trick or Treat Beggars' Night
Beggars' Night will be held on Halloween, Tuesday, Oct. 31. Come join the Annual Costume Parade starting at LCNB Bank on E. Dayton Street at 5:15 p.m. The Kiwanis Costume Contest will begin at 5:30 p.m. at the parking lot across from the Library, and Trick or Treating will be from 6-7:30 p.m.
Turkey Shoot, TVRGC
Twin Valley Rod and Gun Club is sponsoring a Turkey Shoot at 1p.m. each Sunday through the end of November. The public is welcome, and there is a lunch stand in the Clubhouse. Contact H.K. Steiner at 232-4504, Curtis Early at 533-3226 or Paul Price at 248-1083.
Youth Pheasant Hunt
Twin Valley Rod and Gun Club is sponsoring a Youth Pheasant Hunt at Ulrich's Hunting Preserve on Saturday, Oct. 21 from 9 a.m.-noon and 1-4 p.m. with complimentary lunch at noon for both sessions. Hunt is open to youth 12-18 years of age who have completed a Hunter Education Course. Proof of Certification is required. The hunt is free but limited to 20 young participants with two rooster pheasant per hunt. Pre-registration is required by Oct. 14. Ulrich's Hunting Preserve is located at 4964 Enterprise Road.
Contact Curtis Early, 533-3226, Paul Price at 248-1083 or H.K. Steiner at 232-4504 for more information.
Oktoberfest Miss and Mr. Pageant
The second annual Oktoberfest Miss & Mr. Pageant will take place on Saturday, Oct. 14, at the 50-year Anniversary Oktoberfest to be held at Peace Park. The pageant is hosted by Alpha Kappa Sorority. The pageant is open to girls and boys ages 12 months to grade 8. The pageant registration fee is $15 which includes a tshirt. Forms will be distributed through schools and in the local newspaper. You may also find the registration form on Facebook by searching Oktoberfest Miss and Mr. Pageant. Completed registration forms and payment are due no later than Sept. 29. For more information contact Bevin Hager at 937-207-8151 or email them at breneesdance@yahoo.com.
Scarecrow Scamper 5K, 10K
The Scarecrow Scamper will take place Saturday, Oct. 14 at 8:30 a.m. before the Annual Oktoberfest parade and festivities begin. Twin Valley South Career-Based Intervention will host the 5k and 10k runs.
Looking for Oktoberfest Queens
The Oktoberfest will be held Oct. 14 and 15 in Peace Park. New this year is a beer garden!
Were you an Oktoberfest Queen? If so, the Kiwanis would like for you to participate in the parade on Saturday Morning Oct. 14. Our new Oktoberfest Queen will be crowned on Saturday, October 14 after the opening ceremonies. If you were a former queen, if you know of one or how to get in touch with them, contact Wendy W. Chesney on Facebook.
Little Miss or Mr. Oktoberfest Pageant
AKS is hosting its second Annual Pageant for the Little Miss and Little Mr. Oktoberfest. Ages 12 months old through eighth grade. Boys and Girls registered will be interviewed Thursday Oct. 12 at the American Legion on St. Rt. 503 S. Pageant will take place Oct. 14 at the West Alex Oktoberfest at 4p.m. Not limited to West Alex residents- anyone in these age groups can register. Prizes will be awarded. Please contact Bevin Hager at 937.207.8151 or email breneesdance@yahoo.com with questions/
AKS will crown the new Oktoberfest Queen on Saturday, Oct. 14 after the Oktoberfest opening ceremonies at Peace Park. The Queen will receive a prize scholarship in addition to their bouquet and crown. They will represent the West Alexandria Oktoberfest at various local events in the year to come.
Come see us at our Alpha Kappa Sorority booth during the fiftieth Kiwanis Oktoberfest. We will be hosting children's games, hair coloring, and will be selling candied nuts and our regular fresh nut orders, as well as AKS collectible West Alex buildings that we still have in stock ($5 each). Nut orders are 1 lb. bags of pecans halves, pecan pieces, whole almonds, walnuts and salted whole cashews.
Kiwanis Oktoberfest
The Kiwanis Oktoberfest Parade will kick off at 11 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 14 to start this 50-year anniversary of the Kiwanis Oktoberfest. There will be contests, prizes, games and food as always! This year we will be serving beer and we will have 2 p.m., 3 p.m. and 4 p.m. demonstrations with seven K-9 dog units performing. Consequently, we can not allow any pets on the grounds throughout the Oktoberfest.
Bingo
The West Alexandria Fire Dept. Bingo is held every Thursday with doors opening at 5:30 p.m. and Bingo beginning at 6:30 p.m. Early Bird Games start at 6:30 p.m. to help out those coming after work to have a little extra time. Kid-friendly atmosphere, but all players must be 18 or over, at 25 E. Dayton Street.
American Legion Post 322
Sr. Fun Bunch meets Thursdays from 1-4 p.m.
Ladies Night and Euchre every Wednesday at 7 p.m., $5 entry as well as a 50/50 raffle.
Next Fish Fry is Friday, Oct. 21.
Come enjoy live music, food, 50/50 and items to be raffled at the Mary Lou Ruby Revival Benefit, Saturday, Oct. 14 from 2 p.m. to midnight at the American Legion Post 322 on Ohio 503 S. All proceeds will go to Mary Lou. Held by the West Alexandria Ladies Auxiliary and Gratis Eagles Ladies Auxiliary.
St. John Lutheran Church, Ingomar
Women of the NALC are invited to the annual Salad and Dessert Night, Thursday, Oct. 12 at 6:30 p.m. Special guests are the Salem Lutheran Haiti Team who will be presenting highlights and photos from their Haiti trip last year. Please RSVP no later than Oct. 7 by contacting Jan Spitler at 839-4078.
Calvary Baptist Church
Our fall revival with Evangelist Dr. John Hamblin will take place Oct. 15-18 at Calvary Baptist Church, 3613 Winston Lane. Call 839-1024 for more information.
Salem Lutheran Church
Junior Lutherans, for children age 3 in preschool through the sixth grade, meet every Wednesday for a free meal at 6 p.m. and program at 6:30 p.m.
Adult Bible study meets each Wed. at 6:30 p.m. during Jr. Lutherans.
Salem Lutheran will have a float in the Oktoberfest Parade, on Oct. 14, in honor of our church's 200-year anniversary. Salem will also have the annual pie and ice cream booth during the Oktoberfest Saturday and Sunday, Oct. 14-15.
Middle School Ministry meets Sunday evenings at 7 p.m.
We supply a meal to the Homeless Shelter the fourth Monday of each month.
We are collecting donations of new, white canvas tennis shoes of all sizes for our next trip to Haiti. We are also collecting new stuffed bears for first responders.
We will meet for our annual Rake and Run on Oct. 28 at 12:30 p.m. Bring your rake to the church parking lot and come ready to Rake and Run!
There will be a dinner held Sunday, Oct. 29, in honor of the 500-year anniversary of the Reformation served immediately following the 10:30 a.m. Worship Service. This meal is sponsored by Salem's 200-year church anniversary committee.
The October special offering will be given to the Preble County Community Action Partnership.
St. John Church
We are collecting empty pill bottles with labels removed, as well as clean, used shoes for missions.
We continue to collect for WACOCA Local Needs, and our mission for the month is Crossroads.
Church of the Brethren
The next free community meal will be Wednesday, Oct. 4, from 5-6:30 p.m. at the Church of the Brethren 22 E. Oak Street.
Half of The New York Times traffic is Chinese web bots (fake hits)! It's even worse at Washington Post and Guardian!
Fakestream media newspapers are a hoax, propped up by millions of fake daily viewers, to trick you into reading globalist propaganda spewed by MSM.
Everyone knew the New York Times was failing when they rented out 8 floors of their Manhattan headquarters building. But this sudden surge in China web traffic is half of the New York Times total web readership.
That's impossible, since only 1 million people in China speak English! That's not enough English speakers to generate half the hits at NY Times, Washington Post, and Guardian UK websites.
Is this fake China web traffic a ruse by bankrupt newspapers to fool investors — or a scheme by the Chinese government to protect its communist propaganda platforms inside the USA?
WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO: U.S. regulators fined Altaba Inc, the company formerly known as Yahoo! Inc, US$35 million on Tuesday to settle charges that kept its massive 2014 cybersecurity breach a secret from investors for more than two years.
The Securities and Exchange Commission's case marks the first time it has ever gone after a company for failing to disclose a cybersecurity breach.
Altaba agreed to settle without admitting or denying any wrongdoing.
An Altaba spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Yahoo's information security team learned just days after the December 2014 breach that Russian hackers had stolen the company's "crown jewels," including email addresses, encrypted passwords and security questions, the SEC said in a statement.
Despite becoming aware of the breach and having it reported to Yahoo's senior management and legal department, the company failed to properly investigate and did not disclose it to the public until more than two years later, when it was in the process of being acquired by Verizon Communication Inc, the regulator said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The U.S. Justice Department announced charges last year against four men, including two officers in Russia's Federal Security Service, for their roles in the theft of 500 million Yahoo accounts.
One of them, Karim Baratov, a Canadian citizen born in Kazakhstan, pleaded guilty late last year to charges related to helping Russian intelligence agents break into email accounts as part of a massive 2014 breach.
Baratov was expected to be sentenced on Tuesday for their role in the Yahoo hack.
During its investigation into the 2014 breach, Yahoo uncovered a separate 2013 breach that compromised all 3 billion of its accounts, which is by far the largest known breach of consumer information.
(Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch in Washington and Dustin Volz in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Richard Chang)
While some of their biggest rivals have already fallen by the wayside in Russia, Brazil have been making serene progress towards the latter stages of the World Cup.
After watching holders Germany, Spain and Argentina all exit the competition in the last week in various states of disarray, the Selecao eased into the quarter-finals with a 2-0 victory against Mexico on Monday.
As they aim to lift the World Cup for a record sixth time in Moscow on July 15, their next opponents are Belgium in Kazan on Friday, in what will be something of a clash of styles — the best defence up against the best attack.
This Brazil team is not just about Neymar, even if their theatrics and intermittent magic, like their opener against Mexico, are what immediately catch the eye and dominate the headlines.
Look a little more closely and it becomes clear what is really making them tick — coach Tite has instilled an admirable collective discipline and their team are built on solid foundations.
They have conceded just one goal so far at this World Cup, and Steven Zuber's effort for Switzerland in a 1-1 draw in Rostov-on-Don could have been disallowed for a foul on Joao Miranda.
Since then, goalkeeper Alisson Becker has kept three straight clean sheets, with Brazil winning 2-0 against Costa Rica, Serbia and Mexico. They have conceded just four shots on target in four matches.
Italian-inspired
It is the kind of record that the Italians, the old defensive masters who are conspicuous by their absence in Russia, would have been proud of. Brazil are looking to Italy for inspiration.
“Juventus have been champions for the last seven years, and only once without having the best defence,” said Tite's assistant Sylvinho, the former Arsenal and Barcelona left-back, after the Mexico game.
“In such a short tournament, we want balance to be what characterises us, and that does not make us a defensive team.”
History shows that the team with the best defence tends to win the trophy. And while Brazil have always possessed brilliant individuals, they have also long since been pragmatists above all else.
There will be moments of magic from Neymar, who is gradually coming to the boil following foot surgery in March — as long as they go with defensive discipline.
On Monday in Samara, Tite switched to a 4-4-2 formation after Mexico caused Brazil early problems, and they had a foundation to go on and win the game in the second half.
Fagner might be a weak link at right-back, but there is strength in depth throughout the squad — Casemiro, Paulinho and Philippe Coutinho provide different qualities in midfield, while Willian came up with their best performance of the tournament against Mexico.
Gabriel Jesus has yet to find the net, but Roberto Firmino came off the bench to score on Monday and is pushing for a start.
Brazil defends from the front, with captain Thiago Silva admitting the aim is to concede no more goals.
“That is our objective,” they said. “But always emphasising that the defensive part begins with the attackers. When the ball does come into our area, it is much easier to cut it out. Our attackers play a big part in that.”
Chink in the armour?
And so to Friday when Brazil, who have the joint-best defence at the tournament along with Uruguay, face a Belgium outfit who have been the most prolific with 12 goals scored.
For now they are living up to their billing, although it remains to be seen how they will cope in the absence of Casemiro, the Real Madrid powerhouse who screens the defence from deep in midfield.
 They are suspended, meaning Fernandinho is likely to come in.
The 33-year-old does not offer the same degree of protection, although their inside knowledge of Manchester City club colleague Kevin De Bruyne could be invaluable as Brazil look to keep their challenge for a sixth title going.
By COREY LEBLANC
Staff Writer
It's award season.
Niagara College will be sending two coaches and one student athlete to the 5th Annual Niagara Awards Breakfast on Feb. 16, at Club Roma, in St. Catharines.
The awards are a tremendous honour and encapsulate success, dedication and performances displayed by the Knight's players and coaches alike in 2016.
Of the nominees here at the college, two of them are representing the golf squad, a team that greatly exceeded their expectations last season.
Here's a brief look at the college's three nominees and their accomplishments during the college's 2016 season.
Josiah Dixon
Golfer
Bognor, Ont. native, Josiah Dixon had a marvelous season. He's a front-runner to accept the Male-Athlete of the Year award. This season they tied for second at the Knights Classic and the Georgian Invitational. They also won gold at both the OCAA and the CCAA championships as they capped off what was a truly impressive season. Their clutch performances and determination might just take them over the top.
Cameron Thin
Golf Coach
Guiding Dixon along the way was coach Thin. He's nominated for the Coach of the Year award. Thin had Dixon, in addition to an arsenal of talented golfers at their disposal and their management skills were key in winning gold in in both the OCAA and CCAA championships. Often, we remember the players, but in this case Thin has brought together arguably the best golf team in their short history at Niagara College.
Frank DeChellis
Soccer Coach
DeChellis rounds off this list as a coach who is recognized for their dedication. DeChellis coached both the men's and women's soccer teams and had a bounce-back season going 3-5-2 on both squads. DeChellis is being nominated for their tireless efforts and excruciating perseverance as manager of the soccer program. If the award was based on heart and soul alone, DeChellis would win hands down.
U.S. President Donald Trump is once again defending crowd sizes Wednesday after the New York Times estimated the turn out for a rally in Nashville, Tenn., was “about 1,000” people.
Trump was in Nashville to raise campaign cash for Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn, who's running for a Senate seat, and to headline a rally to support their agenda.
READ MORE: Here's why the picture of Donald Trump's inauguration did not undersell crowd size
The president lashed out at the “failing and corrupt” New York Times for its reporting of crowd size estimates following the rally.
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin'. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't “get” me, and never did! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
“The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number – and the arena was rockin',” Trump tweeted. “This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don't ‘get' me, and never did!”
WATCH: Trump talks about ‘campaign spy' during Nashville rally
In the fourth paragraph of nearly a 1,100-word articles, the newspaper reported that Trump “worked their audience of about 1,000 into a frenzy.” The article also describe the event as a “raucous rally.”
READ MORE: Donald Trump accuses media of lying about size of inauguration crowd, says about ‘million and half' attended
Local News Channel 5 reported Trump's rally drew “thousands” to the arena, but did not specify an exact crowd size. The Tennessean reported Trump was “speaking to a crowd of thousands at Municipal Auditorium, which also had hundreds of empty seats.”
However, video footage and photos taken during the rally suggest more than “about 1,000” attended the event. Take a look.
According to Municipal Auditorium's website, the arena has a total seating capacity of 9,654. On Wednesday, Bob Skoney, general manager of the auditorium, told the Tennessean that Tuesday's event capacity was 7,500 to 8,000. Nashville Fire Department said “our Fire Marshal's office counted around 5,500 people who attended the rally last night.”
READ MORE: Inflated inauguration numbers called ‘alternative facts' by top Trump advisor, Kellyanne Conway
Trump has disputed reporting of crowd sizes in the past, including the turnout of their inauguration.
A Massachusetts museum dedicated to Dr. Seuss says it will replace a mural featuring a Chinese character from one of their books after three authors said they would boycott an event due to the "jarring racial stereotype."
The mural features illustrations from the author's first children's book, "And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street."
The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss, located in the author's hometown of Springfield, said Thursday that the mural would be replaced by images from later books.
Three children's authors declined an invitation to the museum's inaugural Children's Literature Festival, which was set for Oct. 14 before being canceled. After the museum offered to take down the mural, the authors said they would attend, but the museum has not said if the festival is back on.
Michael Jackson's estate sued ABC on Wednesday, arguing that a special the network aired last week about the pop singer's final days used their songs and music videos without permission.
NEW YORK: Michael Jackson's estate sued ABC on Wednesday, arguing that a special the network aired last week about the pop singer's final days used their songs and music videos without permission.
The copyright infringement lawsuit, which also names ABC's corporate parent Walt Disney Co as a defendant, was filed in Los Angeles federal court and took aim at "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," a two-hour show broadcast on May 24.
Advertisement
The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the complaint said. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives for ABC and Disney did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Jackson, known as the "King of Pop," died in 2009 from a prescription drug overdose at age 50.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The estate raised objections to the show before it aired last week. According to the lawsuit, a lawyer for Disney told the estate the special's use of copyrighted music was "fair use" because of its documentary nature, an argument the estate called "absurd."
"If Disney's position on fair use of the estate's copyrights were accepted, a network, studio or producer could make a documentary about Walt Disney, and spend most of the documentary's time using, without Disney's permission, extensive clips of Mickey Mouse, Walt Disney, and Disney movies," the lawsuit said.
The show employed "at least 30 different copyrighted works," according to the lawsuit, including hit songs like "Billie Jean" and "Thriller" and video footage owned by the estate.
Jackson has led Forbes' list of the highest-earning dead celebrities five years running, with an estimated US$75 million last year thanks to a Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas and a new posthumous album, among other sources of revenue.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Richard Chang)
PITTSBURGH (AP) Four months ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins and Nashville Predators spent six games trading shots and momentum in a spirited tug-of-war for the Stanley Cup that ended with the Penguins skating away with their second straight title.
A rematch looms Saturday night, though don't expect either team to get nostalgic. The new season is three days old and both teams appear to be struggling to emerge from a Cup hangover.
The Penguins? Sidney Crosby and company have allowed 15 goals in two games, including the franchise's worst loss of the Crosby era in a 10-1 meltdown in Chicago on Thursday night that the NHL's biggest star called “embarrassing.”
Time to table the talk of a “three-peat.” At this point, Pittsburgh would settle for playing three periods of competent hockey.
“It's a tough lesson but we got to take something from it,” Crosby said. “Hopefully it's a wakeup call from us.”
Read more: Penguins look to bounce back from early season wake-up call
Nashville didn't create quite as big of a mess during a 4-3 setback in Boston on Thursday night. Still, the Predators never led and needed a pair of goals in the final 108 seconds to make the final score more competitive than their play.
“We need to be a lot better in a lot of areas,” Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said. “I think our entire group needs to be better.”
The last time the Predators played at PPG Paints Arena, they arrived with the Cup finals tied at 2. Any chance of upsetting the defending champions evaporated in the first period of Game 5, when the Penguins poured in three goals past Pekka Rinne on their way to a 6-0 victory to reclaim control of the series. Pittsburgh clinched its first Cup back in “Smashville” with a taut 2-0 triumph in Game 6, the series decided on Patric Hornqvist‘s goal with just 1:25 left in the third period.
“You have all those things, those memories in your head and I'm sure you think about them before the game,” Rinne said. “But still, it is a huge game right now for us – we are down 0-1 this season so we have to get back on track.”
Maybe, but not nearly as much as the Penguins. Pittsburgh raised its Cup banner Wednesday night but ended up falling to St. Louis 5-4 in overtime thanks in large part to a defense that surrendered wide swaths of the ice to the Blues. A night later, the Penguins were even worse against the Blackhawks. Chicago scored five goals in the first period alone and it only seemed to get worse.
Pittsburgh goalie Matt Murray said their team only needed to “tighten up a bit.” Rather than practice Friday morning, the Penguins spent it reviewing the carnage of their worst defensive performance since allowing 10 goals to San Jose in 1996.
“Right now, more so than results, our coaching staff is concerned or focused on just the mindset or the commitment level to play the game the right way,” coach Mike Sullivan said. “When this team starts there, we're competitive, we can play with anybody. Sometimes we get in certain modes where we're trying to outscore teams instead of play the game the right way.”
In some ways Pittsburgh is still adjusting to a considerable roster makeover that saw the departure of a handful of key components to their historic run to consecutive titles, including center Nick Bonino, who signed a four-year deal with the Predators in the offseason.
Bonino admitted it's going to be a little weird getting ready in the visitor's dressing room and facing so many familiar faces.
“It's always fun to try and beat them,” Bonino said. “I'm not dreading it. It should be a fun night. I'm glad it's over early, there's no build up for it.”
Ames: UMass hockey's turnaround is real, and it's happening now
Posted by Ryan Ames on December 12, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Greg Carvel's winning culture is beginning to take shape in Amherst.
With nine wins and three Hockey East Association victories, the Massachusetts hockey team is successfully erasing any and all memories of an atrocious 2016-17 campaign — one in which the Minutemen won just five contests.
Fast forward to this past fall, and the excitement around UMass was evident with Cale Makar and Mario Ferraro bringing much of the buzz.
It was expected that this year's freshmen battalion would be critical in the Minutemen's overall team dynamic, but much like the recent success of UMass as a whole, I don't think anybody could have foreseen the type of first half the Minutemen put together over a 66-day span.
Oliver Chau and Mitchell Chaffee are the easy targets as far as freshmen who have opened eyes thus far. Chau leads UMass with seven goals and 15 points, and has easily been the Minutemen's most consistent offensive threat. Chaffee's unearthing as a reliable point producer might be the most impressive development of the half, as the burly winger enters the break with a seven-game point streak and is second in points behind Chau with 13 (six goals, seven assists).
Jake Gaudet has seemed more and more accustomed to the lineup in the last few games, notching four points in their previous five games, including the game winning goal Sunday. Niko Rufo, the redshirt senior transfer, has integrated seamlessly into a predominantly inexperienced core and potted six goals and 11 points early on. John Leonard was scorching the Earth early for the Minutemen, recording points in seven of their first nine career games.
UMass is much stronger than last year in its defensive end, and Makar and Ferraro are the prime suspects as to why. The duo, who were recently selected to Team Canada's World Junior Selection Camp roster, has the vision necessary to find teammates in low-traffic areas when breaking out of the zone, and can use their legs and skate the puck out themselves if need be.
For a Minuteman team that allowed almost four goals per game in 2016-17 (3.67), the ability to get the puck out and not allow opponents to dictate control is a crucial aspect that oftentimes gets overlooked. Jake McLaughlin and Ivan Chukarov have also done their jobs on the blueline as the two are the only other D-men besides Makar and Ferraro that have a positive plus/minus, at plus-1 each.
The Thanksgiving weekend sweep of Quinnipiac, first a 2-1 win in Hamden then a 6-3 smacking at Mullins, immediately come to mind when harking back on some of UMass' statement performances. Two weeks before, the Minutemen upended then-No. 8 Providence 5-2 on home ice, in potentially UMass' biggest upset of the season to date. Wins against UConn and Merrimack can be tossed in to the pile of ‘feel good' wins as well; however, I'll point to the season sweep against Union, with both games coming two months apart, as the two most important wins for the Minutemen during this stretch.
On Oct. 13, UMass played one of its most complete games of hockey I've ever seen and came away with a 5-4 win over the Dutchmen. UMass showed a level of compete and pace that wasn't apparent at all just a season ago in a win that foreshadowed much of what we're seeing now from this Minutemen lineup.
Then, just two days ago, UMass again went to Schenectady and earned the victory, smothering No. 19 Union in a 2-1 win in its final game of 2017. It wasn't the prettiest game, but the Minutemen found a way to get the job done.
UMass is finding ways to win hockey games this year as opposed to last season, where the Minutemen found ways to lose.
It's really as simple as that.
Granted, the goaltending tandem of Ryan Wischow and Matt Murray helps significantly when each are on their game. Murray was feeling it at the start for UMass, winning three of their first five starts in net, but following a shaky first period in which No. 31 allowed three goals in the first 20 minutes against New Hampshire — a defeat I would characterize as the Minutemen's lowest point of the semester — Murray hasn't been the same.
Luckily for UMass, Wischow took the reins and followed it up with five wins in their next six starts since the 3-0 loss to UNH Nov. 3. Wischow's revival will be something to keep an eye on moving forward as the sophomore is extremely effective when he's on. The only problem is they haven't put more than two consecutive solid games together all season.
The Minutemen used a plethora of factors to fast-track their ascension up the college hockey landscape over the first few months of the 2017-18 year, and are now earning respect around the nation having earned 10 votes in the USCHO.com poll, their third appearance three weeks in a row.
UMass showed pretty early that the pieces were there to possibly make some noise this year, but the success the Minutemen have already garnered proves it's not crazy to think they might be primed for more wins come championship time in February and March.
Ryan Ames can be reached at rames@umass.edu or on Twitter @_RyanAmes.
COBOURG -
The Cobourg Police Service has already seconded Jane Lang of Cornerstone Family Violence Prevention Centre to work collaboratively with the police in instances of sexual assault and family violence, says Cobourg Police Chief Kai Liu.
Twenty-five thousand dollars was allocated last fall by the town's police board for this police business plan initiative that has already cleared Lang to review police files as part of Cornerstone's “systematic review,” Liu said in an interview.
Protocols are still being ramped up around how Lang will support victims and work with the police, they said, adding that it's a very unique program.
In their career experience, both Liu and Deputy Chief Paul VandeGraff have extensive backgrounds in sexual assault and family violence cases and the way they were handled and from that “we recognized the need to bring in more expertise,” Liu said.
Part of that is having a “third party” look at police files and advocate for victims, an element that is missing in small police services like Cobourg's, they said.
While there is the Victim Assistance Program (to help victims once charges are laid by the Crown and this assistance continues through court) and the provincial Victims Services of Ontario (that provides assistance before police charges are laid), neither provides the ability for lay persons who are assisting the victim to view police reports. The new partnership with Cornerstone provides that closeness to enhance advocacy on behalf of victims, they said.
The Kawartha Sexual Assault Centre (which recently sent out a media release making suggestions to police services about improving their handling of sexual assault cases in light of recently released statistics about the number of cases determined to be unfounded at police services across Canada) is also asking for a closer relationship with police, Liu said.
Not only is Cornerstone well-respected, but it is located in Cobourg making it a natural fit to partner with, the chief also said.
“It is our intention that in two to three weeks the mechanics of this relationship....will have been completed, and we will have an official ribbon cutting.”
Over the past five years ending in 2014, the Cobourg Police Service classified six of 18 sexual assault allegations as “unfounded” in 2010, dropping to just three out of 20 in 2014, according to information provided to this newspaper following a published report that did not include the Cobourg Police statistics.
Chief Liu said one of the goals is to make it more comfortable so that all sexual assault victims feel they can contact the police.
“We know a large percentage of victims don't report” and “that not all want to go through the justice system,” they said.
In addition to the work already articulated about the role of Cornerstone, Liu said the agency brings a high level of education to the police service about these matters.
“It's all about breaking the cycle of violence and Cornerstone has that expertise,” they said.
Liu also said they hope this will be the start of reaching out to other organizations that support victims in unique partnerships.
“From the enforcement side,” they said, “it's all about the victim.”
vmacdonald@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/NT_vmacdonald
Protests followed the incident, part of which was recorded, and Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson apologized, then offered to meet with Donte Robinson and Rashon Nelson, the two men who were taken out of a coffee shop in handcuffs on April 12. Arrested on suspicion of trespassing, no charges were filed against them.
As it turned out, just days before Robinson and Nelson were arrested, an incident with a similar beginning -- employees of a massive chain restaurant corporation, calling the cops for assistance removing someone from the premises -- had occurred in Minneapolis. In this case, at least the ending was different.
A video posted to Facebook last week shows a man occupying a booth seat at the Chipotle on the University of Minnesota's West Bank campus. Two Minneapolis Police officers stand above him, with a third visible just a few steps away.
"You gotta get up," one of the cops says, later adding what sounds like, "You've gotta get out of here, let's go."
The man stands up, and is escorted out of the Chipotle by their wrists. The video ends without resolution of what happens next.
As the woman who shared the video to Facebook wrote:
"This person had their head down at Chipotle on the West Bank (4/6/18) and employees called police. What community resources do we have so that we don't need to call the police? Also, it takes that many of them? For real? I wasn't bothered by them just being there with their head down. But was this seen as a threat to Chipotle's business and maintaining that dollar flow?"
Maybe so, though a Chipotle spokesperson says the incident played out this way out of concern for the man involved. He'd been inside the restaurant "for about two hours," the spokesperson comments, during which time they "kept nodding off and couldn't stay awake."
Chipotle employees and customers tried checking on the man to see if they were OK, the spokesperson asserts, before a call was made to 911 "out of concern for their well-being." Cops arrived first to the scene.
Watch the video below.
Posted by May Esperanza Losloso on Tuesday, April 17, 2018
And why so many of them, just to deal with one person falling asleep?
"Normally, we would respond with either a two-person car, or two people driving separate in one-person cars," Minneapolis Police spokesperson John Elder says. "In this case, two of those officers were recruits, training in."
Elder says the cops -- responding to a call filed as an "unwant," short for "unwanted" -- advised this man that if they aren't buying anything, he'd need to leave the Chipotle. In the end, after seeing the man out the door, police released them to the sidewalk.
"There was no indication they aren't able to care for himself," Elder says. "He didn't pose a danger to themselves or others, and was left to be released."
The woman who published video of the man's removal to Facebook, where it's been seen more than 7,000 times, ended their post by asking: "How do we treat others with dignity and love?"
It's a good question. Maybe it's the only question.
PHOENIX (AP) - A Texas school district has placed advertisements on Phoenix billboards in an attempt to recruit Arizona teachers to a city with higher pay.
The Fort Worth Independent School District has rented five digital billboards in Phoenix that advertise a starting teacher salary of $52,000.
School district officials say the advertisements were placed in Arizona and Oklahoma to target both new and veteran teachers following the recent protests over pay in both states.
Arizona lawmakers approved a plan to hike teacher salaries after a six-day walkout by educators that shut down most schools statewide.
Officials say the Fort Worth district has up to 800 job openings. The district has about 86,000 students and more than 10,000 employees.
The billboards went live on Monday and will stay up for a month.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The ACLU of Iowa sent a letter to the City of Windsor Heights Monday demanding the city allow two couples' rights to have yard signs that criticize the local government.
The ACLU is helping the couples after they say they were censored by the city after they each posted signs on their properties that were critical of the city's actions on sidewalks.
In one case the Orr's hung a vinyl banner on their front porch that read “No Concrete! 96 Percent said No. Save the Green Space!”
Days after the sign was hung, the city sent the couple a ‘notice to abate' letter claiming the sign was a ‘nuisance' and ordered the Orrs to remove the sign immediately. The Orrs never received the notice as they were gone on vacation. According to the ACLU of Iowa, hours after the notice was sent, city officials removed the sign from the couples' front porch.
Neighbors of the Orrs didn't like the city's actions and took it upon themselves to put a yard sign saying ‘City Hall Run Amok.” Soon after, the ACLU says the couple received a letter from the city demanding they remove the sign or be fined up to $1,000 a day.
Both homeowners filed appeals to the orders to remove their signs to the Windsor Heights City Council. The council next meets on Monday, August 21st.
The ACLU alleges forcing the homeowners to remove their signs is a violation of their First Amendment rights. The ACLU also claims there are other signs for and against sidewalks throughout the neighborhood and community, including on the mayor's and a city councilperson's property.
RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. — The co-founder of Snap, Inc., which has been struggling through a controversial app update and poor performance as a public company, threw some digs at larger rival Facebook while saying they appreciated the "wake-up call" from a former female engineer who blasted the company for a toxic corporate culture.
"If you design something so simple and elegant that the only thing people can do is copy it, as a designer that is the most fantastic thing in the world," said Evan Spiegel, the CEO of Snap, Inc. at the Code conference here.
"We would appreciate it if they would copy our data protection, as well," they said, an apparent reference to Facebook's Cambridge Analytica data scandal.
Snap, Inc. CEO Evan Spiegel speaks at the Code conference
Jefferson Graham
At the conference, Spiegel was asked to respond to a recent report by news outlet Cheddar of a former female engineer who quit Snap in 2017 and sent a letter to employees complaining of a "toxic," male- dominated culture, such as top executives making penis enlargement jokes and all-male push-up contests in the office.
Spiegel said the letter was a "wake-up" call.
"We need to do even more, and do it even faster," to change the company culture, they said, adding that Snap hired external consultants to study the firm and show Snap where it needed to improve.
"We're proud of the progress we've made in the last 6 months," they said.
Snap has resisted publicly releasing its diversity numbers, a preliminary step now made by most tech companies to hiring and retaining more women and people of color, who represent few of the tech industry's leadership and technical staff. Since before its IPO, Snap had come under fire for racist filters, the augmented reality features users of the app add to their posts.
Facebook repeats apologies
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg also spoke late Tuesday at the conference, an annual gathering of tech CEOs and insiders.
Sandberg repeated apologies for allowing the data of an estimated 87 million people to be harvested by political ad targeting firm Cambridge Analytica and vulnerabilities that allowed Russian manipulators to pose as authentic users to try to sway voters during the 2016 election.
It was a tale of two social media companies, one the biggest and most profitable, but under fire from lawmakers that it hasn't done enough to protect its users' data. One of its most vocal critics, Virginia Senator Mark Warner, a Democrat, is scheduled to speak at the same conference Wednesday.
On stage, Sandberg and chief technology officer Mike Schroepfer avoided the harder questions posed by Recode's Kara Swisher and Peter Kafka, such as why anyone wasn't fired at Facebook in response to the scandals. Their answers all ended up with different variations of apologies.
"We know it's an arms race," said Sandberg. "We need to protect people using our platform."
They did add that the most important thing Facebook has done on improving the News Feed, which has been a massive source of faked news, is "eat away" at click bait, and focus more on friends and family and less on video, they said.
In the coming months, Facebook wants to prioritize local news, "and make sure people see local news in their news feed."
Online, Facebook's chief security officer Alex Stamos didn't let Spiegel's jibes go unchecked.
They tweeted that "Snapchat's implicit promise that photos really disappear combined with poor API security has lead to serious mass leaks of revenge porn. So no, I don't think copying Snapchat would be a smart move."
A vulnerability in Snapchat's systems allowed hackers to access data on 4.6 million users in 2014.
Snapchat's implicit promise that photos really disappear combined with poor API security has lead to serious mass leaks of revenge porn. So no, I don't think copying Snapchat would be a smart move.https://t.co/FSfTA8ry5A — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) May 30, 2018
Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham (@jeffersongraham) on Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Samsung Life Insurance Co Ltd said on Thursday it sold 1.12 trillion won (US$1 billion) worth of its shares in Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
SEOUL: Samsung Life Insurance Co Ltd said on Thursday it sold 1.12 trillion won (US$1 billion) worth of its shares in Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.
The stake sale, aimed at removing regulatory risks, was scheduled to be completed before Thursday's market opening, it said in a regulatory filing.
Advertisement
(Reporting by Haejin Choi; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Four-time Tour de France champion Chris Froome has "unfinished business" at the Vuelta a Espana.
The 32-year-old has finished second three times, in 2011, 2014 and 2016, and has the support of fellow Briton Ian Stannard and two of the Team Sky colleagues who in July helped them win a fourth Tour when the race begins on August 19 in Nimes, France.
The race concludes in Madrid on September 10, when Froome will hope to emulate Jacques Anquetil in 1963 and Bernard Hinault in 1978 in winning the Tour and Vuelta in the same year.
The Spanish race was moved to become the third and final Grand Tour of the year in 1995, making the task tougher.
"It certainly feels as if I've got unfinished business with this race," said Froome, Tour champion in 2013, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
"I've finished second three times now, but I've got a good feeling about this year's Vuelta.
"It feels like we're on much more of a mission this year, and aiming for the Tour-Vuelta double this season has been a huge motivation.
"I don't think we've been to the Vuelta a Espana with a team as strong as we've got this year."
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford said: "Chris has the chance to write history alongside them and cement their place as one of the all-time greats of the sport.
"But we know from experience just how tough and competitive the Vuelta is as a race."
Froome will be joined by Stannard, who helped them to victory at the 2013, 2015 and 2016 Tours, plus Christian Knees and Mikel Nieve, who were key components of the team in July which saw Froome win a fourth yellow jersey in five years.
Wout Poels, who was a key lieutenant when Froome won the 2015 and 2016 Tours, also starts the Vuelta, as does David Lopez, a member of the victorious 2013 Tour team.
Diego Rosa is one of three Italians in the team, alongside Salvatore Puccio and Gianni Moscon.
Moscon served a six-week suspension earlier this year, given a written warning and was sent on a diversity awareness course for racially abusing a rival rider, FDJ's Kevin Reza, at April's Tour de Romandie.
New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between their National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government.
WELLINGTON: New Zealand Prime Minister Bill English said a final election tally released on Saturday did not fundamentally change negotiations between their National Party and the nationalist New Zealand First Party to form a coalition government.
The final count in the Sept. 23 election showed National had lost two seats compared to the preliminary count on election night, but remained in the lead with 56 seats, compared to the opposition Labour Party's 46.
"I don't think it weakens it significantly at all, the fundamentals haven't altered," English told reporters in Queenstown in response to a question on their party's negotiation position.
The inconclusive election results have left neither major party with enough votes to form a government without populist New Zealand First, which holds nine seats.
(Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Michael Perry)
The Saudi prince acknowledged that they are a rich person and not poor and went on to say that they are not Mandela or Gandhi. They were recently revealed as the owner of a French chateau described as the world's most expensive home, according to a report in the New York Times.But they insisted their wealth was a private matter. "As far as my private expenses, I'm a rich person and not a poor person. I'm not Gandhi or Mandela.He added: "But what I do as a person is to spend part of my personal income on charity. I spend at least 51 percent on people and 49 on myself."Saudi Arabia's crown prince Mohammed bin Salman is set to meet with US President Donald Trump in Washington on Tuesday.Mutual rival Iran will be high on the agenda, but the 32-year-old strongman prince will also be looking to showcase their sweeping changes to Saudi society and an increasingly assertive foreign policy that includes the war in Yemen and an ongoing diplomatic feud with Qatar.He spoke to CBS News on Sunday and these are the excerpts from that interview.The prince also acknowledged that the Saudi society was dominated by a particularly harsh strain of conservative Islam, which they trace back to 1979, the year of the Islamic Revolution in Iran and the seizure by extremists of the Grand Mosque in Mecca. "We were victims, especially my generation that suffered from this a great deal," they said."This is not the real Saudi Arabia. I would ask your viewers to use their smartphones to find out. And they can google Saudi Arabia in the 70s and 60s, and they will see the real Saudi Arabia easily in the pictures."We were living a very normal life like the rest of the Gulf countries. Women were driving cars. There were movie theatres in Saudi Arabia. Women worked everywhere. We were just normal people developing like any other country in the world until the events of 1979."He defended at length their anti-corruption purge which saw many of the kingdom's princes and tycoons detained for several weeks inside Riyadh's luxurious Ritz-Carlton hotel -- widely seen as an attempt to cement their grip on power. "What we did in Saudi Arabia was extremely necessary" and legal, they said.He said they were able to recover more than "$100 billion" of ill-gotten wealth from the detainees, but added: "The idea is not to get money, but to punish the corrupt and send a clear signal that whoever engages in corrupt deals will face the law."The prince has been accused of hypocrisy over their opulent lifestyle at a time when their government is preaching greater austerity of its citizens and has imposed new taxes.As heir to the throne after their father King Salman dies, the young prince could be set to rule the kingdom for the next half-century or more. Asked what could stop him, they replied: "Only death."
The UK's largest adult training and apprenticeship provider has insisted its underlying business "remains stable" following reports that its future is in doubt after a damning Ofsted report.
The report is expected to be published on Thursday after the lifting of an injunction obtained by learndirect, according to the Financial Times.
The company said it was "extremely disappointed" with the verdict, but added in a statement: "Learndirect Limited's underlying business remains stable and we continue to be focused on supporting our learners as usual."
Learndirect was given the lowest grade possible by the education regulator after an inspection in March, according to reports.
An Ofsted spokesperson said "we are very pleased with this outcome" after an application for a judicial review to overturn the report was refused.
"Seventeen inspectors took part in this inspection over four days when they spoke to learners and apprentices," the watchdog said in a statement.
"Inspectors interviewed employers, apprentices and learners in person and over the phone, reviewed portfolios of work, and looked at progress reviews when they gathered evidence.
"As well as visiting apprentices in their workplace, inspectors also reviewed a wide range of evidence to ensure that both the judgments and inspection grades were secure."
RIO DE JANEIRO: Brazil's army is often called to help when things go wrong, so it was no surprise to see soldiers deploy during a crippling truckers' strike. The difference this time: loud calls for the military to take over the country altogether.
Truckers launched their action 10 days ago, gumming up the food and fuel supply system across Latin America's biggest economy.
Advertisement
Their protest began over rising fuel prices. However, public backing for the shutdown indicated much wider discontent at Brazil's floundering economy, unpopular government and rampant corruption.
In response, center-right President Michel Temer ordered the army to escort non-striking trucks safely past picket lines.
Soldiers take part in an operation to clear highway Regis Bittencourt, 30km from São Paulo, as a truckers' strike against rising fuel costs in Brazil that has left much of the country paralyzed, is now over. (Photo: AFP/Nelson Almeida)
But far from being angry at the arrival of troops, a number of strikers greeted them with banners reading: "Intervention now!"
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Intervencao ja!" as it goes in Portuguese, is shorthand for a return to the military dictatorship that ruled here between 1964 and 1985, or at least a coup, followed by new elections.
The slogan appears periodically on the fringes of mainstream anti-government rallies.
Now, though, it took center stage during national media coverage, with drivers unafraid to voice support for a takeover.
"We want military intervention, if possible, to sort out this country," said Alexandre Bastos, 43, who was taking part in a truckers' blockade of a refinery outside Rio de Janeiro, told AFP.
"Intervention would have nothing to do with dictatorship. We just want the army to intervene."
There was even a fake news rumor spread on WhatsApp that the constitution required military intervention once the strike lasted seven working days and six hours, which would have meant on Tuesday (May 29)
The supposed deadline came and went. But all of a sudden this normally toxic subject had become that much more mainstream.
"It's a feeling that is growing in the population, which sees the military as the solution to the nation's problems," reserve army general Augusto Heleno told Folha de S.Paulo newspaper Wednesday.
Heleno, who commanded UN peacekeepers in Haiti, insisted that the armed forces "do not intend, do not seek" a coup.
But they then went on to praise the dictatorship's image of "a more organised country, where people had a better life."
"I'm not saying it was like that. But this is the image a lot of people have."
SOLDIERS TO THE RESCUE
Brazilians have got used to seeing the military step in where other institutions fail.
Residents of Rio de Janeiro no longer bat an eyelid at the sight of soldiers in full battle dress. During the 2016 Rio Olympics and again, starting last year, soldiers regularly deployed everywhere from Copacabana beach to the chaotic, violent favelas where drug gangs rule.
A government decree this year went a step further, putting generals in charge of Rio's police, firefighters and other emergency services, citing the regular leaders' failure to control crime.
It's not just bringing law and order, either.
Soldiers take part in an operation to clear highway Regis Bittencourt, 30km from São Paulo, on May 30, 2018 as a truckers' strike against rising fuel costs. (Photo: AFP/Nelson Almeida)
When Brazil was in the midst of a Zika crisis in 2016, with the Olympics coming, it was the military that again came to the rescue, going house to eradicate mosquitoes in at-risk areas.
The military's sterling reputation is a big part of the presidential campaign for former army captain Jair Bolsonaro, a frontrunner in the October polls.
Although Bolsonaro often expresses nostalgia for the dictatorship, they declined to support the truckers demanding intervention, saying that the right wing should come to power through the ballot box, rather than being told "there was a coup."
Still, even if coup talk is mostly hot air, the subject was worrying enough to prompt Supreme Court Chief Justice Carmen Lucia on Wednesday to pronounce: "Democracy is the sole legitimate path."
Temer's institutional security minister, Sergio Etchegoyen, also sought to reassure Brazilians.
"Military intervention is a topic from last century," they said.
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
(AP Photo/Rick Bowmer, File). FILE - In this March 2, 2014, file photo, Sen. Curt Bramble, R- Provo, speaks during a news conference at the Utah State Capitol, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Abortion policy has been a hot topic in state legislative sessions...
By RYAN J. FOLEY
Associated Press
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) - Republicans who control a majority of the nation's statehouses are considering a wide range of abortion legislation that could test the government's legal ability to restrict a woman's right to terminate pregnancy.
The Mississippi House passed a bill Friday that would make the state the only one to ban all abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. In Missouri, lawmakers heard testimony earlier in the week on a bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks.
The Ohio House is expected to consider bills, already passed in the Senate, that would prohibit the most common type of procedure used to end pregnancies after 13 weeks and require that fetal remains be buried or cremated.
Abortion is a perennial hot button issue in statehouses across the country. Republican-controlled states have passed hundreds of bills since 2011 restricting access to the procedure while Democratic-led states have taken steps in the other direction.
The early weeks of this year's state legislative sessions have seen a flurry of activity around the issue. It comes as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to soon consider a question that remains unclear: How far can states go in restricting abortion in the interest of preserving and promoting fetal life?
The state bills debated since the start of the year "are all tests designed to see how far government power to legislate on behalf of a fetus can reach," said Jessica Mason Pieklo, who has been tracking legislation as the senior legal analyst for Rewire, a website that promotes views supporting abortion rights.
They said the outcome will determine whether states can legally ban abortion after a specific time period and outlaw specific medical procedures. Advocates for abortion rights say those strategies undermine the Supreme Court's 1973 ruling that women have the right to terminate pregnancies until a fetus is viable.
In Utah, critics have warned that a pending bill to prevent doctors from performing abortions on the basis of a Down syndrome diagnosis is unconstitutional. But It's co-sponsor, Republican state Sen. Curt Bramble, said they are willing to defend the bill in court because its goal is to protect unborn children.
"There are times if the Supreme Court got it wrong, it is appropriate to push back," said Bramble, an accountant from Provo.
The anti-abortion bills have drawn opposition from women who say they have made the excruciating choice to terminate a pregnancy, often after discovering serious fetal abnormalities.
"A 20-week abortion ban sounds OK, but if that gets passed, what's next - 18 weeks, 15 weeks? At what point does it make abortion truly illegal?" said Robin Utz of St. Louis, 38, who submitted testimony this week against the Missouri bill. "It's terrifying and it's willfully ignorant."
Utz recounted terminating their pregnancy in its 21st week in November 2016, after learning their daughter would be born with a fatal kidney disease if they survived birth. They said doctors told them that dilation and evacuation, the most common abortion procedure in the second trimester, was the safest way to terminate the pregnancy.
Undeterred by such stories, the National Right to Life Committee and its allies have been pushing for state laws that ban abortion after 20 weeks of pregnancy and outlaw dilation and evacuation. Supporters of both measures argue that fetuses are capable of feeling pain after 20 weeks and call the procedure "dismemberment abortion."
Several court challenges to both types of laws are underway, with federal appeals courts considering the "dismemberment abortion" bans approved last year in Texas and Arkansas. The Kansas Supreme Court is expected to rule soon on the first-in-the-nation ban passed in that state three years ago.
Ingrid Duran, director of state legislation at the National Right to Life Committee, said the model state laws drafted by their group are aimed at U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, a swing vote who wrote the court's 2007 opinion upholding a federal ban on a procedure critics call partial-birth abortion.
They said the court could use similar reasoning to prohibit dilation and evacuation and noted it has never considered whether states have an interest in protecting fetuses from pain.
"We did draft these laws with the bigger picture in mind," Duran said.
The shifted focus comes after the court dealt the anti-abortion movement a blow in 2016 by ruling that strict Texas regulations on abortion clinics and doctors were an undue burden on abortion access and unconstitutional.
Anti-abortion groups hope President Donald Trump will be able to nominate one or more justices to the Supreme Court following last year's confirmation of Neil Gorsuch, potentially making the court more conservative on the issue for decades to come.
In the meantime, some of them are cautioning their allies not to go too far.
Duran said the proposed 15-week ban in Mississippi, which now goes to the state Senate, caught them by surprise. They noted that prior state laws banning abortion after 12 weeks or once a heartbeat was detected have been found unconstitutional.
In South Carolina this past week, state senators tabled a bill that would have banned most abortions to give lawmakers more time to study the consequences. Also last week, a legislative committee in Tennessee amended a bill to remove language that would have outlawed abortion once a fetal heartbeat is detectable, which is usually around six weeks. The bill's sponsor, Republican Rep. Micah Van Huss, said they would be back.
"I will not stop fighting for the lives of babies until abortion is abolished in this state," they said.
___
AP reporters Julie Carr Smyth in Columbus, Ohio, and Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed.
___
Follow Ryan J. Foley on Twitter: https://twitter.com/rjfoley
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lou Williams is the Lakers closer and on Tuesday night they tried to do their part.
Williams hit a three-pointer with one minute and 45 seconds left in the game to tie the Kings for the first time in the fourth quarter. A little more than a minute later, they did it again, tying the game at 96 with less than 30 seconds to go.
Then, with nine seconds left in the game, Williams got the ball after a missed free throw by Kings forward DeMarcus Cousins, and elevated for a shot at the buzzer. That one, though, didn't fall.
The Lakers lost to Sacramento, 97-96, falling to 19-38 while the Kings improved to 24-32.
Cousins finished the game with 40 points, including 16 in the fourth quarter including the final go-ahead free throw. Williams finished with 19 fourth-quarter points as they tried to lift the Lakers to their second win of the season against the Kings.
The Kings now lead the season series, 2-1 with one more game remaining at Staples Center.
Williams was the only Lakers player to eclipse 20 points. Julius Randle and Nick Young joined them in double-digit scoring. Young had 10 points on three-of-10 shooting while Randle scored 11 points, making five of 11 shots.
Center Timofey Mozgov played their first minutes since being taken out of the starting lineup last week. They played 11 minutes, scored four points and grabbed three rebounds.
tania.ganguli@latimes.com
Follow Tania Ganguli on Twitter @taniaganguli
"Bachelor in Paradise" cast member DeMario Jackson says he's falsely and maliciously accused since news went public that production on the show had been suspending pending results of an internal investigation.
"It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations," Jackson said Wednesday in a statement released by their publicist, Eve Sarkisyan-Nunn.
"I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws."
Jackson and fellow "Paradise" cast member Corinne Olympios were involved in a June 4 incident at the Playa Escondida resort in Mexico that prompted a third-party complaint of misconduct — though who was accused of misconduct was not made public. While Warner Bros. has released no details about what happened beyond acknowledging production had been stopped and an investigation was underway, sources have come forward to various outlets to describe a drunken incident involving sexual behavior in the resort pool.
Olympios, who also has retained a publicist and legal counsel, came out with their own statement Wednesday, labeling themselves "a victim" and saying they didn't remember much of what happened June 4 at the Playa Escondida resort in Mexico.
"Although I have little memory of that night," they said, "something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
Jackson had been silent regarding the situation except for telling TMZ on Tuesday that they were "all good."
Warner Bros. and ABC have not commented officially on the fate of "Bachelor in Paradise" season 4, which had an Aug. 8 premiere date, or about the show's future in general.
The Detroit Red Wings will need their younger stars to step up in 2017-18 if the team has any aspirations to once again reach the Stanley Cup Playoffs, and apparently, some of those players got the memo on opening night. Dylan Larkin, Anthony Mantha, and Martin Frk each found the back of the net in Detroit's 4-2 win over the Minnesota Wild on Thursday evening. Henrik Zetterberg, the lone veteran goal scorer for the team, notched the game's go-ahead goal in the third period.
On a night where the Red Wings not only kicked off their 2017-18 season, the organization also began a new chapter in their already storied history by playing the first regular season game inside the impressive Little Caesars Arena. With the weight of the 25-year playoff streak finally lifted and no guarantee of an immediate return to postseason contention, Hockeytown's talented young forwards offered glimpses of hope in an otherwise uncertain future.
While Detroit's overall team performance against the Wild still leaves a lot to be desired in the long-run, winning the inaugural game in their awe-inspiring new home will be something that the players and coaches can certainly build off of. However, the more important fact is that some of the youngest Wings were given the opportunity to shine, and they did not disappoint.
Mantha, Larkin, Frk Combo Clicking
One of the Red Wings' best, if not the best, line combinations this preseason was the group of Frk, Larkin, and Mantha. The trio's chemistry during exhibition play carried over noticeably into the first game of the regular season. Mantha became the first goal scorer in Little Caesars Arena history after slamming home a power-play goal in front of the net near the end of the second period. It was a goal that the 23-year-old winger envisioned scoring earlier in the day:
“I was thinking about it all day,” Red Wings winger Anthony Mantha said. “(Was thinking) it would be fun if I could get the first goal.”
Frk, whose preseason performance earned them a roster spot with the club, tallied their first career goal and assist during their professional debut in Detroit. To make the story even better, it also all occurred on their 24th birthday. It's only fitting that they assisted on Mantha's goal, and likewise, Mantha on his. While their NHL roster spot will be something that the Czech-born winger will have to consistently work for all season long, he's already making some good first impressions.
Not to be outdone, Larkin also scored a goal while the Red Wings were on the man-advantage, and less than thirty seconds after Mantha buried his. Having two of their youngest and most promising stars score quick, back-to-back goals, electrified the crowd at LCA and was warmly welcomed after Detroit's lackluster offensive performance during the 2016-17 NHL season.
The Wings converted on two of their five total power play opportunities, a step in the right direction for a team who finished 27th in the league last season with a 15.1% success rate. With the NHL expected to crack down on slashing and other rule violations in 2017-18, being able to capitalize on special team chances will be an area of focus for every team as the year goes on.
Jimmy Howard Lends a Hand
After much offseason drama and speculation between the pipes for the Red Wings, Howard did their part in helping their team win their first game of the season. Despite facing more shots than their counterpart at the other end of the ice for the entire 60 minutes of play, Detroit's veteran goalie stood on their head and earned their 200th career victory in the process.
After the game, Detroit's head coach, Jeff Blashill, praised their goalie as the difference maker in the contest:
“I thought Jimmy was great all game,” said Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill. “The difference in the game is Jimmy. The 5-on-3 is a big moment. I thought our killers did a great job. “I thought Jimmy was solid all game.”
Like the dynamic players who skate in front of him, the 33-year-old netminder will need to have both a healthy and productive year if the team wants to compete in the postseason next spring. Often plagued by injuries, usually occurring as he's posting all-star like numbers, Howard could find themselves solidifying their starting job in net if they are able to remain healthy and consistent.
It was an exciting opening night under the bright and bountiful LED lights in Hockeytown, but there is still a lot of work to be done by a team looking carry on a historic legacy, while simultaneously trying to forge a new identity. Only time and trial will reveal the answers – until then, just enjoy the ride.
SAN DIEGO — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3-2 victory over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday night.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year. The right-hander entered the game receiving 2.84 runs per game, the third-lowest average in the majors, and got more measly support Wednesday.
Urena got just two runs on Starlin Castro's homer before departing after six innings following a strong performance. They surrendered a run, three hits and two walks. They struck out six in a 93-pitch effort.
Reliever Drew Steckenrider gave up a two-out double to Manuel Margot in the seventh but got pinch-hitter Jose Pirela looking on a 95-mph fastball to strand the tying run.
Clayton Richard had won two of their last three starts and was relying on their slider in inducing the Marlins into harmlessly pounding the ball into 14 groundouts. The left-hander exited after seven innings of two-run ball. They allowed four hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.
Richard wiggled out of a jam after hitting Lewis Brinson to start the fifth and allowing JT Riddle's single.
But when Urena tried to sacrifice, catcher Raffy Lopez made a fine play, pouncing on Urena's bunt and retiring Brinson at third to change the inning. With two outs, J.T Realmuto walked to load the bases but Richard got Castro on a grounder to end the threat.
Franmil Reyes continued their hot streak with their third home run in three days, pulling the Padres to 2-1 in the fourth inning. The rookie right fielder took a high fastball the opposite way, their fourth homer in six games clanging off the right-field foul pole. Urena had sat down eight straight before Reyes' blast.
SINGAPORE: A 23-year-old man was caught on Sunday (May 27) for smuggling a live bird they had hid in a potato chips tube.
The Malaysian national, who had placed the container in the glove compartment of the car they were driving, was caught at Woodlands Checkpoint, the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (ICA) said in a Facebook post on Wednesday.
Advertisement
The man has been referred to the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) and the bird is under AVA's care, ICA said.
Smuggling animals with unknown health statuses may introduce exotic diseases such as avian influenza, ICA said. Those who import animals and live birds without a licence may be fined for up to S$10,000 and/or jailed for up to a year under the Animals and Birds Act.
"Our borders are our first line of defence in safeguarding Singapore's security," ICA said.
"The ICA will continue to conduct security checks on passengers and vehicles at the checkpoints to prevent attempts to smuggle in undesirable persons, drugs, weapons, explosives and other contrabands," it added.
Advertisement
British Prime Minister Theresa May calls for an early election on June 8, saying it was the only way to guarantee political stability for years ahead as Britain negotiates its way out of the European Union. ( Reuters )
LONDON—In a shock announcement, Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday called for an early general election to be held June 8 to seek a strong mandate as they negotiate Britain's exit from the European Union. Standing outside 10 Downing Street, May said they would ask the House of Commons on Wednesday to back their call for an election, just two years after the last vote and three years before the next scheduled date in May 2020. They said that since Britons voted to leave the EU in June, the country had come together, but politicians had not. They said the political divisions “risk our ability to make a success of Brexit.” At present, May's governing Conservatives have a small majority, with 330 seats in the 650-seat House of Commons. Read more: Britain files for divorce from the European Union after 44 years
Article Continued Below
With the main opposition Labour Party weakened and divided under left-wing leader Jeremy Corbyn and the pro-EU Liberal Democrats holding just nine Commons seats, May is calculating that the election will bring them an expanded crop of Conservative lawmakers.
In a shock announcement Tuesday, British Prime Minister Theresa May says they will seek early election on June 8. ( Alastair Grant / AP )
That would make it easier for them to ignore opposition calls for a softer EU exit — making compromises to retain some benefits of membership — and to face down hardliners within their own party who want a no-compromise “hard Brexit” that many economists fear could be devastating. May triggered a two-year countdown to Britain's exit from the EU last month, and high-stakes negotiations to settle divorce terms and agree on a new relationship are expected to start within weeks.
May took office in July following an internal Conservative leadership contest, after predecessor David Cameron stepped down when voters rejected their call to remain in the EU. Since then they have repeatedly ruled out calling an early election to get their own mandate. But May said Tuesday they had “reluctantly” changed their mind. “We need a general election and we need one now,” they said. May said that if there is not an election soon, “the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election.” “Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country,” they said. May said that “our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course” on leaving the EU. “They are wrong,” they said. “They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country.”
Britain's opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn says they welcomed Prime Minister Theresa May's decision to call an early national election. ( Reuters )
Under Britain's Fixed-Term Parliaments Act, elections are held every five years, but the prime minister can call a snap election if two-thirds of lawmakers vote for it. That is highly likely to happen on Wednesday. Labour Party leader Corbyn said they welcomed May's decision “to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first.” Labour campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU, but Corbyn says they will respect voters' decision to leave. They said Labour would fight the election promising a fairer society and economy, and “a Brexit that works for all.” Polls give May's Conservatives a double-digit lead on Labour. But the election is still a risk for May, and could widen divisions within the United Kingdom. The country voted 52-48 per cent to leave the EU, but Scotland backed remaining by a large majority, and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is seeking to hold a referendum on independence from the U.K. Sturgeon said Tuesday that May was seeking “to crush the voices of people who disagree with her.” They said it was “all the important that Scotland is protected from a Tory Party which now sees the chance of grabbing control of government for many years to come and moving the U.K. further to the right — forcing through a hard Brexit and imposing deeper cuts in the process.” The Scottish National Party currently holds 54 of Scotland's 59 seats in the British Parliament, making it the third-largest party there. The pound surged 0.7 per cent against the dollar to $1.2658, recovering from a 0.4 per cent drop an hour earlier as rumours swirled about the surprise statement.
Read more about:
HAGATNA, Guam: The leader of Guam said on Monday (Aug 14) that "sometimes a bully can only be stopped with a punch in the nose", in a spirited defence of US President Donald Trump's rhetoric against North Korea which has the island in its crosshairs.
While Trump's critics accuse them of inflaming tensions with Pyongyang, Guam governor Eddie Calvo said they were grateful the US leader was taking a strong stance against North Korean threats against their Pacific homeland.
"Everyone who grew up in the schoolyard in elementary school, we understand a bully," Calvo told AFP.
"(North Korean leader) Kim Jong-Un is a bully with some very strong weapons ... a bully has to be countered very strongly."
Calvo, a Republican, said Trump was being unfairly criticised over their handling of the North Korea crisis, which escalated when Pyongyang announced plans to launch missiles toward Guam in a "crucial warning".
They said North Korea had threatened Guam - a US territory which hosts two large military bases and is home to more than 6,000 military personnel - at least three times since 2013.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They said previous presidents had also used strong words to warn off Pyongyang, pointing out Barack Obama said last year that "we could, obviously, destroy North Korea with our arsenals".
"One president (Obama) said it one way, cool and calmly with a period ... the other said fire and fury with an exclamation point, but it still leads to the same message," Calvo said.
They rejected suggestions that Trump and the North Korean dictator were as bad as each other when it came to the sabre-rattling playing out in the western Pacific.
"Well there's only one guy that has vaporised into a red mist their uncle or a general because they fell asleep in a meeting with an anti-aircraft gun, that's Kim Jong-Un," they said.
"There's only one guy that's killed their brother with one of the most toxic nerve agents ever created, that's Kim Jong-Un."
Pastor Eric Costanzo at South Tulsa Baptist said they hope the message is heard.
Costanzo, and other pastors in all 50 states, took out a full-page ad in Wednesday's Washington Post - an open letter to Trump.
A Tulsa pastor joined dozens of other Christian leaders from across the country in signing a letter to President Donald Trump.
The letter openly supports refugees coming to the United States. That letter was a full-page ad in Wednesday's Washington Post.
Pastor Eric Costanzo at South Tulsa Baptist said they hope the message is heard.
Costanzo said he's not trying to be political, but their stance on refugees is clear:
"If we can take any of them, and give them that kind of refuge, I think we should," they said.
Costanzo and other pastors in all 50 states took out a full-page ad in Wednesday's Washington Post - an open letter to Trump.
The letter reads, in part:
"We live in a dangerous world and affirm the crucial role of government in protecting us from harm and in setting the terms on refugee admissions..."
Adding:
"Ministries to newly arrived refugees are ready and desire to receive many thousands more people than would be allowed under the new executive order."
More than 100 evangelical leaders signed the letter, including Costanzo.
"I was very honored to see my name associated with this call for Christians to consider their heart the plight of the refugee," the pastor said.
Costanzo is the senior pastor at South Tulsa Baptist. They and their church work closely with refugees in our area and often go overseas to share the gospel.
While they understand the security concerns with certain groups, Costanzo said Christianity is about welcoming, not turning away.
Costanzo said, "Throughout the Scripture, I see pointed Scriptures that say, people who are suffering and looking for a place of refuge ought to find that among God's people.”
A prominent member of the ruling All Progressives Congress in Kaduna state, Jaafaru Ibrahim, has withdrawn their membership of the party.
Ibrahim who the zonal campaign director of Nasir el-Rufai, governor of Kaduna, during the 2015 election, announced their resignation from the APC in a letter to chairperson of the party in their ward.
 They are from Kwabai ward in Zaria local government area of the state.
Ibrahim described APC as a sinking ship, saying it has failed to deliver the dividends of democracy to the people of Kaduna and Nigerians.
They said remaining in the APC would be tantamount to committing “political suicide”.
Ibrahim accused el-Rufai of abandoning the party's manifesto and setting personal goals and objectives, which according to him, are detrimental to the future of the party.
Between June and December 2015, Ibrahim, a legal practitioner, was the interim management committee chairperson of Zaria.
“Recent developments before, during and after the party congresses in Kaduna state are further confirmation of our fears that some of us are not wanted in the party, such that our continuous stay and in-house struggles and skirmishes had not only stagnated but rendered the party comatose due to the fact that the worst elements, crooks, swindlers as well as the most selfish have taken control of both the party and the government, making the future of the APC uncertain,” the letter read.
“The state is mired in violence and people are being killed on a daily basis, criminality, rural banditry, cyclical atrocities between political classes, kidnapping and robbery are taking their toll on the lives and livelihood of citizens of the state rendering the constitutional provisions that the Governor as the chief security officer should provide for the security and welfare of the people an empty rhetoric.
“Moreover, the Governor has woefuly failed to address problems such as unemployment, abject poverty, hunger and housing and deliver on its promises as contained in its abandoned manifesto.
“The Kaduna State Government had since lost focus, commitment, zeal, determination, culminating in poor governance as a result of transparency, integrity, due process and accountability deficit.
“Our continued advise both privately and publicly for an improvement on both party administration and the state has been met with stiff opposition over which we have been called names in vituperative and unprintable languages.
“In view of the above therefore, it is obvious that APC in Kaduna state in particular, is like a sinking ship, hence every discernable mind has to scamper into safety as in these circumstances. I am not ready to commit political suicide hence it is with the greatest regret that I have formally announced the withdrawal of membership from the party which we laboured to establish forthwith.”
Some of the APC chieftains in the state who have left the party are Yaro Makama Rigachiku, Isa Ashiru, Jagaba Adams Jagaba and Hakeem Baba Ahmed, chief of staff to Senate President Bukola Saraki.
After releasing their entire musical archive online for free late last year, Neil Young is now starring in a new film, Paradox, with some of their buddies — and after reading the description on the SXSW Film Festival website, this is one to which I'm looking forward. Because weird.
Paradox, which is premiering at the festival, also stars Willie Nelson, and is directed by Neil's girlfriend Daryl Hannah, who also helmed their Somewhere In Canada webcast last year. Music is by Neil and their band Promise Of The Real, which counts Neil's kids Lukas and Micah among its members; the two lads also get some screen time. According to the description, Paradox is a “far-fetched, whimsical western tale of music and love. Somewhere in the future past, The Man in the Black Hat hides out between heists at an old stagecoach stop with Jail Time, the Particle Kid, and an odd band of outlaws. Mining the detritus of past civilizations, they wait … for the Silver Eagle, for the womenfolk, and for the full moon's magic to give rise to the music and make the spirits fly.” Somewhere in the future past? Alrighty, then.
The full cast list: Neil Young, Lukas Nelson, Micah Nelson, Corey McCormick, Anthony LoGerfo, Tato Melgar, Willie Nelson, Charris Ford and Dulcie Clarkson Ford. The SXSW Festival launches on Friday March 09.
Love, Dr. Scott James
Subscribe to Scott's Now posts via RSS
Report A Typo
TASHKENT: Some mosques in Uzbekistan are starting to broadcast the Muslim call to prayer from loudspeakers for the first time in a decade as they take advantage of a more tolerant official attitude toward Islam since President Islam Karimov died last year.
The imams are amplifying the Adhan call to prayer without asking for government permission. Under Karimov, an imam who took such a liberty would have faced losing their job or possible imprisonment.
The new boldness is a response to decisions by President Shavkat Mirziyoyev to liberalise the ex-Soviet nation of 32 million people whose main religion is Islam.
Mirziyoyev has overseen the release of several prominent political prisoners, relaxed some security measures and this week they pardoned 2,700 convicts, saying that in the past many sentences had been unjust.
Western countries and human rights groups accused the government of repression under Karimov who ruled the Central Asian nation from 1989 until their death in September 2016.
The leader cracked down on public displays of Islamic practice including hijabs and beards because they feared the country was vulnerable to Islamist militancy.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their government blamed militants for bombings in the capital in 1999 and unrest in the city of Andijan in 2005. Around 200 people died in all, according to official figures, and the incidents were the bloodiest since Uzbekistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
After government troops clashed with armed protesters in Andijan, Uzbek mosques stopped using loudspeakers for the call to prayer though the practice was never formally banned.
TAKING THE INITIATIVE
Over the last few months, however, some imams have begun to broadcast the Adhan from mosques again. A Reuters reporter heard it at three mosques in Tashkent, though it was only audible to people near the buildings.
The call is part of the soundscape in many Muslim cities, blasting from speakers on minarets five times each day and extra loud on Friday, which is the day of prayer. Worshippers in Tashkent welcomed the change.
"People should hear that it's prayer time. That's what Muslim life is about," said a young man outside one of the mosques. They declined to give their identity.
A cleric at one of Tashkent's main mosques said the matter was being discussed within the Muslim Board of Uzbekistan, which is close to the government. No ruling has been made.
"Some imams took the initiative" and turned on their loudspeakers at their own risk once the talks with the Board had started, said the cleric who declined to give their name because they were not authorised to comment publicly.
Another source close to the clergy said some imams had argued that without a formal ban there was no need for formal permission to restart. There have been no reports of clerics being prosecuted for breaking the informal ban.
The government declined to comment on the matter.
RETURN FROM EXILE
Nurulloh Muhammad Raufkhon, an Uzbek writer who recently returned to Tashkent after living in exile for more than a year, said they saw the cautious return of Adhan as a sign of a broader change in the state's attitude to religion under Mirziyoyev.
"(Mirziyoyev's) decree on developing and introducing Halal standards was another important step," they said.
Mirziyoyev ordered the government last month to develop standards for food products that adhere to Islamic dietary laws, which prohibit the consumption of pork and alcohol among other things.
The move could boost Uzbek sales of halal food both domestically and overseas.
"Previously, we were banned from using the word 'halal'. I know because I used to work at ... a religious magazine .... Halal restaurants were closed down. The word 'halal' was removed from product labels,' they said.
In another break with Karimov-era policy, Mirziyoyev said in September Uzbekistan had removed about 16,000 people from a 17,000-strong security blacklist of potential Muslim religious extremists and dissidents.
They said they wanted "to bring them (back) into our society and educate them."
The issue of Islamist militancy in Uzbekistan has spread beyond the country's borders. This year, at least 60 people have died in attacks abroad carried out by Uzbek nationals or ethnic Uzbeks. The most deadly was a shooting in an Istanbul nightclub in which 39 people died.
In the late 1990s, the government fought the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan, a militant group that sought to make Uzbekistan an Islamic state. It later moved to Afghanistan to join forces with the Taliban.
Hundreds of Uzbeks have also joined Islamic State in Syria and Iraq. Authorities fear radicalized youths may return home.
"Nowadays they are talking about driving the terrorists out of Syria," Mirziyoyev said in a public speech this month. "But the question is, where will they go now? We should think about it."
At the same time, they said many of Uzbekistan's convicted prisoners had been sentenced unjustly and they vowed to crack down on abuses such as torture and fabricated evidence.
(Writing by Olzhas Auyezov; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
Britain's Queen Elizabeth missed a New Year's Day church service on Sunday due to a heavy cold, Buckingham Palace said, a week after the 90-year-old monarch missed a Christmas Day service for the first time in decades.
The world's longest-reigning monarch, who became unwell before Christmas, stayed indoors at their Sandringham country estate in Norfolk, eastern England, while other members of the royal family attended the service.
“The Queen does not yet feel ready to attend church as they are still recuperating from a heavy cold,” Buckingham Palace said in a statement.
Elizabeth and their husband Prince Philip, 95, were both suffering from heavy colds in the week leading up to Christmas and delayed their journey from London to Sandringham by a day, travelling there by helicopter on Dec. 22.
Philip attended both the Christmas and New Year services. On Sunday they arrived by car before walking into the grey stone parish church of St. Mary Magdalene, but the queen, who is the symbolic head of the Church of England, made no public appearance.
A few dozen parishioners and a crowd of photographers had gathered outside the church on Sunday morning in cold, rainy weather as other members of the royal family arrived.
The queen's daughter, Anne, and their third son, Edward, were among those who attended.
Elizabeth had previously attended the Christmas service at the church every year since the royal family started celebrating Christmas at Sandringham in 1988.
After more than six decades on the throne, the queen has cut back on international tours but still regularly performs official duties around Britain.
The palace announced on Dec. 20 they would step down as patron of several charities and other organizations to reduce their workload.
While Elizabeth's father, King George VI, died at the relatively young age of 56, their mother, known as Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother, lived until 101 and was still appearing in public almost up until their death in 2002.
Elizabeth has maintained the popularity of the monarchy despite years of political, social and cultural change since they became queen on Feb. 6, 1952, aged just 25.
Is there more trouble ahead for Forever 21? Puma dubbed the fast-fashion retailer a threat to its entire business after originally alleging it copied some of Rihanna's Fenty Puma designs. Now, Kanye West fans are calling out Forever 21 on social media for selling clothes that resemble West's “The Life of Pablo” merchandise.
One Twitter user posted screenshots of four Forever 21 offerings, including a graffiti jacket and three T-shirts, on Thursday afternoon. The tweet gained traction as others on the platform took note of the similarities between the Forever 21 items and West's highly popular “Life of Pablo” merch.
https://twitter.com/Ibnmargiela/status/852613042307297282/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwd.com%2Feye%2Flifestyle%2Fkanye-west-fans-call-out-forever-21-over-pablo-merch-10867476%2F
One of the Forever 21 items, a yellow T-shirt with black font, has “Saint Francis” printed on the front. West's latest tour was called the Saint Pablo Tour, which was printed on most of their merch.
Another Forever 21 shirt, the “Aisle 316 Los Angeles Tee,” has “Los Angeles” printed vertically down the front in a way that resembles West's Calabasas merch, a collaboration with Adidas. The Calabasas collection includes track pants with the word “Calabasas” running vertically alongside Adidas' iconic three stripes. Forever 21's “Aisle 316” shirt includes two stripes — a distinction that harkens back to Forever 21's lawsuit against Adidas in March.
Forever 21 originally called Adidas a trademark “bully,” asserting that “Adidas has taken its [trademark-related] claims…too far — essentially asserting that no item of clothing can have any number of stripes in any location without infringing Adidas' trademarks. To this end, Adidas has sued clothing and footwear manufacturers who have used two stripes. It has sued those who use four. It has sued over stripe patterns involving multiple widths and colors, and it has sued over garments Adidas is not known for making. It has also threatened to sue many others on similar claims.”
This is not the first time Forever 21 has been called out by West fans for copying their “Life of Pablo” merch. A similar instance happened over the summer, while West was gearing up for their tour. The “Life of Pablo” merch was a collaboration between Los Angeles-based graphic artist Cali Thornhill DeWitt and DONDA, West's creative content company.
West, Forever 21 and Adidas have yet to comment on the similarities.
ALSO
Puma says Forever 21 copied designs for Rihanna goods and threatens its entire business
Here's why the beauty world is embracing cannabis products like never before
Celebrity tattoo artist Brian Woo, a.k.a. Dr. Woo, opens a secret studio inside a famous Hollywood hotel
Sonali Ghosh is breaking stereotypes on the streets of Kolkata. The 28-year-old has been pulling a cycle rickshaw in Kasba area of South Kolkata since 2013.Sonali manages to ferry one passenger and sometimes even two. After the demise of their father, they decided become the breadearner of their family, taking out their father's cycle rickshaw in a male dominated profession.She earns Rs 100 a day on average while ferrying passengers. For additional income they work as maid in three households while also selling corn or ‘bhutta' in the summer months.Apart from ferrying passengers, they also work as a maid in three households and also sells bhutta (corn) during summer.On speaking about their struggles, Sonali said, “My father could not educate me well and I had no option but to pull a rickshaw to earn a livelihood. I do work as a maid in households, but that does not fetch me enough money to run my household.”She starts their day by working in households from 6:00am to 9:00am.After an hour's break to freshen up and cook, they head out in their rickshaw to the Siddhartha Shankar Park, a few blocks away to sell corn till 2:00pm.She then returns home to rest and eat. Sonali again ventures out from 5:00pm to 11:00pm to ferry passengers with a dinner break in between.Sonali lives with their mother and has no plans to marry. Them mother who has been unwell with Hepatitis B since 2016 is their main concern.Apart from work, they unwind watching movies on TV in their one room shanty in the bylanes of Kasba.Over the years the people in their locality encouraged Sonali who ferries school students, parents and office goers. “People of the locality and passengers tell me to keep up the good work.”
Orchard Hills Rural Fire Brigade (RFB) firefighters Emily Dal Santo and Gage Pitt are stepping up to help raise funds for Motor Neurone Disease.
On Saturday, October 14, the duo will race teams of firefighters to climb all 1504 stairs, or 98 floors, of the Sydney Tower Eye, each carrying an additional 20kg of gear.
Ms Dal Santo said they were looking forward to taking on the enormous task.
“What made me do it was for a good cause and because I wanted to challenge myself to do something so gruelling,” Ms Dal Santo said.
“This is my first time doing something crazy like this.
“Our fundraising goal is $1,504 because it's the amount of stairs we have to climb, so it's a dollar per step, and I think we will achieve it.”
Having attempted nothing like this before, Mr Pitt joked that they had been “suckered” into participating in the challenge by Ms Dal Santo.
“I'm looking forward to the challenge,” they said.
“I just want to make it to the top.”
The challenge will be difficult but it's nothing compared to the challenge patients with Motor Neurone Disease face on a daily basis.
Passionate about helping people, Mr Pitt has been at Orchard Hills RFB for nine years, joining when they were about 15-years-old with their neighbour.
“I've sort of become a permanent fixture to the place,” they laughed.
The now 17-year-old Ms Dal Santo has also been at Orchard Hills RFB for years, starting as a cadet at 12-years-old.
“I honestly love it, it's like my second family, my second home,” they said.
“All the guys at the station are like my big brothers.
“When I finish school I want to become a PE teacher, but the dream is to join Fire & Rescue NSW in a paid position.”
The pair said training has been very difficult but is going very well so far. They've been training vigorously by climbing any stairs they're able to find, frequenting the stairs near Knapsack Bridge.
Every dollar raised will directly support vital research at the Macquarie University Motor Neurone Disease Research Centre.
To support the Orchard Hills RFB team as they fundraise for Motor Neurone Disease, visit firiesclimb.gofundraise.com.au/page/OrchardHillsRFBforMND.
Rio de Janeiro: Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar is urgently travelling to Brazil due to "personal matters", the Brazilian company that manages the footballer's career said on Sunday.
Neymar is "coming to Brazil for personal matters", a source from NN Consultaria told AFP, without specifying whether the player had already arrived in South America or the specific reasons for the trip.
French radio station RMC Sport reported that Neymar flew to their native country on Saturday night after receiving "bad news involving their family".
The former FC Barcelona player, who frequently posts on social media, has not done so since Friday.
Neymar was suspended for the 3-1 victory over Lille on Saturday, but they look likely to miss Wednesday's match against Strasbourg before returning next Saturday against Rennes.
The first few weeks after delivering your baby are a whirlwind. There's the act of finally living with this brand new adorable human and trying to learn their likes and dislikes, their schedules, and personality, then there's your own learning period. Things are going to be a bit different for your body and your mindset postpartum. And whether you deliver your baby vaginally or via C-section, you're going to have some healing to do. But what about postpartum bleeding? Does your vagina bleed after a C-section?
Dr. Adrienne Zertuche, an OB-GYN at a division of Atlanta Women's Healthcare Specialists, tells Romper that all women have bleeding postpartum, regardless if you've had a C-section or not — it's a natural part of the postpartum transition. Why is that? It has to do with your placenta, according to Zertuche. It attaches to the uterus in order to capture oxygen and nutrients from the mother's bloodstream and pass it via the umbilical cord to your baby. After the baby is born, the placenta separates and is removed from the uterus. "However, the site of that placenta had an excellent blood supply during pregnancy, therefore it takes a little while for it to stop feeding the baby and return to a pre-pregnant state. In the interim, it continues to bleed lightly and shed tissue called lochia,” they explain.
How long can you expect the bleeding to go on after a C-section? “For the first several days after a C-section, most women will have bleeding similar to a heavy period, and some may even pass small clots. However, postpartum bleeding tends to get lighter and lighter each day, and it typically resolves completely within four weeks. If your bleeding lasts longer than six to eight weeks, you should call your physician,” Zertuche says. “Regardless of whether you had a vaginal or cesarean delivery, [postpartum bleeding] can be heavy initially, but should get lighter and lighter each day.”
But there is such a thing as too much blood. “You should call your doctor if you're soaking a pad with blood each hour for two hours, if you pass large blood clots, or if you have symptoms of a low blood count, like heart racing, shortness of breath, or dizziness or lightheadedness. These symptoms may indicate that your bleeding is too heavy," they explain. Additionally, the American Pregnancy Association (APA) noted if you have a fever over 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit, you should call your doctor.
In addition to keeping a close eye on how much you're bleeding, it's especially important to take it easy and take care of yourself after having a C-section — it is major surgery after all. The APA noted that once you're at home you should keep your activity level low and avoid lifting anything heavier than your baby — so that means no chasing after older siblings or lifting them. The APA recommended you also “avoid most housework.” (Darn.) Make sure you're drinking a lot of fluids to stay hydrated and try to eat healthy meals to prevent constipation and restore your energy levels, the APA noted. You should also avoid using tampons or douching, taking baths, public pools and hot tubs, exercising, sex, or repeatedly using stairs.
It looks like no matter which way you decide to give birth, you're not getting out of postpartum bleeding. But that's OK, because it will all be worth it once you're snuggling your very own newborn baby in your arms and kissing their soft, fuzzy head. Just take it easy and keep an eye on how much you're bleeding in between feedings and diaper changes.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
TOKYO: Problems surrounding the venue for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics golf events, which does not allow full membership for women, stem from documents prepared for the original bid, a Japanese media report said on Wednesday.
Calls have arisen to move the tournament away from the private Kasumigaseki Country Club in Saitama prefecture because of a policy that forbids women from playing on Sundays and excludes them from becoming a full member.
A board meeting last week postponed a decision on the issue, which its head called "a nuisance".
After the venue was selected to host the tournament in 2012, it received approval from the International Golf Federation (IGF) but the club's policy was not included in explanatory material at that time, NHK public television said.
Despite earning selection, a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government's bid committee warned the club that its policy could create problems for violating the Olympic charter's rules on equality.
Quoting information given to the government in 2012, NHK added that the bid committee member was told by the club that it would "fix things" and thinking the issue was resolved, opted not to mention the policy in documents prepared in English.
A Kasumigaseki Country Club official confirmed to NHK that the club had been warned but said it had replied: "If this becomes a problem, we will have a mutual discussion at that time. We did not say we would fix things."
The International Golf Federation was quoted by NHK as saying they did not know until recently that the club did not admit women as full members.
Nobody was available at the club for comment on Wednesday and Tokyo 2020 spokesperson Hikariko Ono said the Organising Committee was not aware of any communications between the Bid Committee and other parties during the bidding process.
"If the media reports are correct, we believe the Tokyo Metropolitan Government should explain clearly to Kasumigaseki Country Club what actually transpired at the time," Ono added in an email response to written questions.
"Kasumigaseki Country Club is aware of the IOC's request to change its membership policy and is holding internal discussions. The Organising Committee will continue to monitor developments carefully."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
TORONTO — American department store Nordstrom is opening the first Canadian location of its discount Rack chain on Thursday.
The 35,000-square-foot store will be situated north of Toronto at Vaughan Mills mall.
It is promising savings of up to 70 per cent on products from 38 of the 50 brands already sold in its Canadian department stores.
Among the brands the Seattle-based retailer says shoppers can expect to find on its Vaughan shelves are Nike, Kate Spade New York, Tory Burch and Sam Edelman.
The location is part of Nordstrom's ambitious plans to roll out a handful of Rack stores across the country in the next few years.
In the coming months, it will open another location in downtown Toronto's Yorkville neighbourhood.
So you are starving for Pokémon adventures on your Nintendo Switch and you have decided to dive headlong into the world of Pokémon Quest. If you are searching for some advice on how to get started, have no fear – we have you covered. Beginning your Quest
As you start off with Pokémon Quest you will have to take care of a few basic things first. You will choose your language and your name. Then next thing you will have to tackle is picking a starter Pokémon. Your options for starter Pokémon are limited to Bulbasaur, Charmander, Eevee, Pikachu, and Squirtle. Once all that is out of the way it's time to move on to the tutorial. In the tutorial, you will learn about shopping, PM tickets, cooking, power stones, and most importantly expeditions. Expeditions Expeditions are how you explore the island, find new items, and engage in combat. From the island map, you will be able to choose an expedition. Each expedition will be marked with a number. This number represents the difficulty. When you compare that number against that of your team, you will get an idea of what your chances of victory are.
Once you start an expedition, your Pokémon will automatically traverse the map in search of other Pokémon to battle. When they come upon other Pokémon, they will automatically use basic attacks. You can also tap on the special powers of each member of your team in order to sway the battle in your favor. Each time you use a special power, you will have to wait until it cools off until you can use it again. If you aren't interested in tapping, you can also tap the "Auto" button and your Pokémon will automatically attack with their special powers when available.
Every time you complete an expedition, your Pokémon will gain XP and you will collect items. Power Stones
One of the items that you will stumble upon as you complete quests are Power Stones. These are used to give your Pokémon the boost they need in order to win the day. The most common Power Stones you will find are Mighty and Sturdy Stones. They will increase your Pokémon attack and HP respectively. Simply select a Pokémon from your team and you can drag a stone into a corresponding slot. You can also recycle your old low power stones in order to gain items to cook with. Cooking
Nigerians have been advised to patronise bread and other pastries made of plantain flour to enjoy maximum nutrition for a healthy living and to promote local production.
The National President of the Concerned Youth Empowerment Association of Nigeria (CYEAN), Mr Noble Adaelu, made the call in Abuja on Monday.
“The plantain flour is a healthier option to cassava and wheat bread for those with health challenges in particular.
“Plantains are so versatile and nutritious; if you are looking for flour alternative, then, look no further because you can make pizza, chips, bread, dessert and many more from plantain flour.
“The demand is on the increase due to more awareness of its health benefits as it is rich in iron, vitamins A, B, C, magnesium and phosphorus.
“It has high resistant starch which helps to make people slimmer and healthier, they are diuretic and can help prevent ulcer, kidney and bladder problems and are essential for healthy pregnancy'', they said.
Adaelu said plantain flour technology which is completely indigenous and being commercialised by Nocon Plantain Foods Limited could save foreign exchange for the country.
They projected that the technology would employ 500 professional/non-professional youths for a start in every state of the federation.
The president, therefore, urged youths to venture into plantain cultivation to meet the increasing demand of raw material for the flour.
WASHINGTON, Feb 15: U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in January as households bought electronics and a range of other goods, pointing to sustained domestic demand that should bolster economic growth in the first quarter.
The Commerce Department said on Wednesday retail sales increased 0.4 percent last month. December's retail sales were revised up to show a 1.0 percent rise instead of the previously reported 0.6 percent advance.
Last month's fairly upbeat sales came despite motor vehicle purchases recording their biggest drop in 10 months.
Compared to January last year retail sales were up 5.6 percent.
Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales increased 0.4 percent after an upwardly revised 0.4 percent gain in December.
These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast retail sales ticking up 0.1 percent and core sales gaining 0.3 percent last month.
January's fairly solid retail sales supported views that economic growth will accelerate in the first quarter.
The economy grew at a 1.9 percent annualized rate in the fourth quarter.
Consumer spending is being supported by a tightening labor market, which is gradually boosting wage growth.
That in turn is underpinning economic growth, paving the way for at least two interest rate increases from the Federal Reserve this year.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen told lawmakers on Tuesday that "waiting too long to remove accommodation would be unwise."
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year.
The Fed hiked its overnight interest rate last December by 25 basis points to a range of 0.50 percent to 0.75 percent.
Last month, sales at electronics and appliances stores jumped 1.6 percent, the biggest rise since June 2015, after falling 1.1 percent in December.
Receipts at building material stores increased 0.3 percent.
Sales at clothing stores jumped 1.0 percent, the largest rise in nearly a year.
Department store sales climbed 1.2 percent, the biggest increase since December 2015.
Department store sales have been undercut by online retailers, led by Amazon.com .
That has led to some retailers, including Macy's , Sears and Abercrombie & Fitch announcing shop closures.
Sales at online retailers were unchanged last month after soaring 1.9 percent in December.
Receipts at restaurants and bars rose 1.4 percent, while sales at sporting goods and hobby stores shot up 1.8 percent.
Receipts at auto dealerships, however, fell 1.4 percent after vaulting 3.2 percent in December.
Last month's drop was the biggest since March 2016.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
((Lucia.Mutikani@thomsonreuters.com; 1 202 898 8315; Reuters
Messaging: lucia.mutikani.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))
Humber College is launching a new advanced chocolate and confectionery artistry program, which starts this September.
This graduate certificate program offers an opportunity to develop high-level skills in pastry arts. Using advanced techniques and sophisticated equipment, students will design and produce artisinal chocolates and confections, international desserts, frozen preparations and multi-tiered special occasion cakes in Humber's state-of-the-art Bake Labs.
This program is offered in a flexible learning environment, allowing students to learn online, in class or in a hybrid format. Practical classes take place in the evening to accommodate working professionals.
Check out hrt.humber.ca/programs/advanced-chocolate-and-confectionery-artistry
IFEX, the global network of 119 organisations working to promote and defend freedom of expression and information worldwide, strongly and unequivocally condemns the recent remarks of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen calling for the Ministry of Interior to investigate and potentially shut down valued IFEX member the Cambodian Center for Human Rights (CCHR) over allegations questioning their neutrality.
The order follows the politically motivated dissolution of the largest opposition party, the Cambodia National Rescue Party (CNRP), and the imprisonment of one of its leaders, Kem Sokha, on charges of treason. Sokha founded CCHR in 2002 and resigned from the organisation in 2007, before founding the Human Rights Party. CCHR has gone on to become one of the most prominent and well-respected human rights organisations, not only in Cambodia, but the entire ASEAN region.
CCHR has always maintained a strict policy of independence and non-partisanship, with a mandate to uphold the rights of all Cambodians, regardless of their political association, and in accordance with protections guaranteed under both Cambodian and international law.
CCHR's commitment to impartiality and universal respect for human rights has been a defining characteristic of its work since first joining the IFEX network in 2011. Indeed, independence from any political party or entity is a basic requirement for all groups that seek IFEX membership. As IFEX Executive Director, Annie Game warns, the allegations that CCHR “follows foreigners” is reminiscent of attacks against critical voices in a growing number of countries.
“The accusations against our colleagues at CCHR are part of a broad and insidious global trend of discrediting the legitimate work of groups promoting freedom of expression for all, often through the use of laws designed to limit, rather than, enable, space for civil society to flourish. The closure of such a principled and dedicated group as CCHR would be devastating for the safeguarding of Cambodians' rights at a time when they are under increasing threat, and would irrevocably add to the climate of censorship that has taken hold. Considered alongside other important voices that have been silenced, such a brazen action would signal to the world that Cambodia's stated support for free expression and association is an empty platitude.”
The closure of such a principled and dedicated group as CCHR would be devastating for the safeguarding of Cambodians' rights at a time when they are under increasing threat, and would irrevocably add to the climate of censorship that has taken hold.
The recent action against CCHR is situated within a prolonged and escalating crackdown on democratic practices and civic space in the country. In recent months, the Cambodian government has forced the closure of media outlets, radio stations, and non-profit organisations. They have imprisoned activists such as five Cambodian Human Rights and Development Association (ADHOC) staff members, as well as land rights defender Tep Vanny. Most recently, two former journalists with Radio Free Asia (RFA), Uon Chhin and Yeang Sothearin, were arrested and charged with 'espionage' for allegedly attempting to report for RFA. On 15 September, RFA voluntarily shut its Phnom Penh bureau, citing the increasingly harsh climate for freedom of expression and the government's closure of multiple radio stations as the reason. The pair face up to 15 years in prison, despite the fact that RFA was never banned or outlawed in Cambodia. The 2016 killing of the prolific political commentator Kem Ley, and the subsequent unanswered questions about the motives and masterminds behind their murder, has also had a profound impact on political discourse.
With the upcoming national election in 2018, these measures can only be seen as a concerted effort to eliminate any monitoring of and reporting on the government's obligations to uphold the rights of Cambodian citizens, and to silence any accompanying criticisms.
In accordance with international standards ratified by the Cambodian Government, including the rights to freedom of expression and association enshrined in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and Articles 41 and 42 of Cambodia's own Constitution, we call on the government to drop its baseless investigation against CCHR and allow them to continue their legitimate human rights work free from interference. If an investigation does take place, we urge the government to abide by all standards of due process and ensure that the investigation is both impartial and transparent, as we are confident that this would clear CCHR of any wrongdoing.
Furthermore, we call on the international community, including the United Nations, rights groups, donors and trade partners to speak out on behalf of CCHR and in defense of the principles of open and pluralistic democratic debate, which the Hun Sen government seeks to diminish through its continued attacks on groups that promote and protect these values.
Sincerely,
A student was found dead in Bermuda, local police said in a press conference.
Comments
The Internet-facing systems include the Ministry of Defence's website, NS Portal and eHealth, according to the ministry.
SINGAPORE: The Ministry of Defence (MINDEF) is opening up its Internet-facing systems to hackers in a first-of-its-kind attempt to identify and fix weaknesses in computer systems in the public sector.
The MINDEF Bug Bounty Programme was announced by Singapore's defence cyber chief David Koh on the sidelines of their visit to the Cyber Defence Test and Evaluation Centre (CyTEC) on Tuesday (Dec 12).
From Jan 15 to Feb 4, 2018, about 300 selected white hat hackers from around the world will be invited to find vulnerabilities in eight Web-facing systems.
White hat hacker is an industry term to describe those who use their skills to improve security by exposing vulnerabilities before malicious hackers (known as black hat hackers) can detect and exploit them.
The systems are MINDEF's website, the NS Portal, the Central Manpower Base website, the Defence Science and Technology Agency's website, eHealth, Defence Mail, LearNet 2 Portal and myOASIS Portal, the ministry said.
The vulnerabilities should then be disclosed to MINDEF, and the hackers will be financially rewarded for their discoveries according to how critical these are.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rewards could range from about S$150 to about S$20,000, based on previous programmes organised by HackerOne, a bug bounty company engaged to facilitate the programme.
Mr Koh, who also heads up the Cybersecurity Agency of Singapore, acknowledged that there are risks in conducting such an exercise, but measures have been put in place to mitigate them.
For example, they cited the possibility that the selected hackers may turn rogue and expose their findings online, instead of disclosing them to MINDEF.
But that's why the ministry selected white hat hackers to participate, and HackerOne to facilitate, as they have a reputation of hacking for good to uphold, they explained.
HackerOne also issues rules of engagement for these hackers to abide by, such as not launching distributed denial of service (DDoS) and not selling their discoveries. Failure to comply would result in them being censured, the defence cyber chief explained.
“This is the first time that MINDEF is launching such a bold programme," Mr Koh said.
They added that bug bounty programmes are not new globally with the United States' Department of Defense holding “Hack the Pentagon” exercises, while companies like Google and Facebook conducting similar initiatives.
MINDEF said the total amount paid out in rewards is dependent on the number and quality of the vulnerabilities discovered, and is expected to cost “significantly less” than hiring a dedicated commercial cybersecurity vulnerability assessment team.
Mr Koh explained that hiring a cybersecurity company to assess an organisation's cybersecurity posture may cost “about a million dollars”. By contrast, the “Hack the Pentagon” exercise paid out US$70,000.
They reiterated that cost is not the main factor for launching the programme, but rather the crowdsourcing nature which allows for more and those who have different skills to participate.
It would also allow local white hat hackers to hone their skills. Of the 300 selected hackers, they hoped that the proportion will be two-thirds international ones and one-third from Singapore.
The launch of the bug bounty programme comes after the ministry announced in February this year that an Internet-facing system – the I-net system - was breached, and resulted in the personal data of 850 national servicemen and employees being stolen.
No classified military data was stolen, it added.
“Cyber is a new battlefront. Singapore is constantly exposed to the increasing risk of cyberattacks, and MINDEF is an attractive target for malicious cyber activity,” the ministry said. “As hackers with malicious intent find new methods to breach networks, MINDEF must constantly evolve and improve its defences against cyber threats.”
By Jon Wiederhorn
Blondie have released a video for “Fun,” the first single from their upcoming album Pollinator. Directed by Beyoncé collaborator Dikyal Rimmasch, the clip lives up to the song's title, featuring the band in a spaceship, wandering another planet and animated footage of galactic travel contrasted with performance shots and images of people partying on the dance floor.
Related: Blondie and Garbage Announce Co-Headlining Summer Tour
Guitarist Chris Stein said the interstellar theme was an effort to escape the stress and turmoil of modern day events. “Quoting Emma Goldman, ‘If I can't dance I don't want to be part of your revolution.' In these trying times we need some fun. We're very serious about fun,” they told NME.
“The video was shot in two places,” they added. “The color stuff was all shot in LA without us and the black and white stuff was shot in New York. It's got some good cameos—it's got a pretty big cameo from Raja, who's one of the Drag Race superstars, and little cameos from Grace McKagan, Duff McKagan's daughter who has a band called The Pink Slips, and also Tony Maserati, who was a producer and mixer for us.”
Stein and vocalist Debbie Harry wrote the upbeat, disco-inflected “Fun” with TV On The Radio member Dave Sitek. Pollinator, which is scheduled for release May 5, also features writing by Johnny Marr, Sia, Charli XCX, The Strokes guitarist Nick Valensi and Dev Hynes. It will be Blondie's first record since 2014's Ghost of Download.
Advertisement
US Vice President Mike Pence reiterated their country's commitment to the security of Japan on Tuesday, as North Korea intensified concerns over its weapons programme with a vow to launch missile tests “every week”.
The North, which is intent on developing a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile capable of reaching the mainland United States, defied international pressure Sunday with a test that failed immediately after launch.
As fears grow that it may also be preparing for its sixth nuclear weapons test, Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said that its programme would only escalate.
“We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis,” Han told the BBC in an interview, threatening “all-out war” if the US took any action against it.
Arriving in Tokyo for talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Pence hailed the two countries' longstanding security ties.
“The alliance between the United States and Japan is the cornerstone of peace and security in Northeast Asia,” they told Abe.
The Japanese leader called for a peaceful resolution to the North Korea tensions but did not rule out the need for tough measures.
“It is a matter of paramount importance for us to seek diplomatic efforts as well as peaceable settlements of the issue,” they said.
“At the same time dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless and it is necessary for us to exercise pressure.”
In South Korea on the first leg of an Asian tour, Pence on Monday visited the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone separating the two Koreas and warned Pyongyang against further provocations, saying “all options are on the table”.
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in both countries have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by President Donald Trump's administration.
Pence pointed to Trump's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
– ‘Gotta behave' –
Throughout their bareknuckle election campaign, Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defence treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure their jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute after Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Advertisement
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more severe warnings from Trump's administration.
Asked by a reporter what message they had for North Korea's young leader Kim Jong-Un on Monday, Trump replied “Gotta behave”.
North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations reiterated on the weekend that the North is ready to respond to any US missile or nuclear strike.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action… the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference, using the abbreviation of the country's official name.
“We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs.”
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In early March, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
The Pentagon has not discussed which missile blew up after its launch Sunday from a base near Sinpo on the North's east coast, and the White House has said only that it was a medium-range device.
But John Schilling from the 38 North monitoring group said the failure was indicative of the test of a new and hitherto unknown system being developed by Kim Jong-Un's regime.
“That's a common failure mode for North Korean missiles very early on in their development cycle when they are working out the bugs in the propulsion and guidance system,” the weapons expert told AFP.
“More detail would always be nice. But I am going to suspect that this was a new missile or certainly one that has not been well-developed.”
Pence's Japanese hosts will be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and bring it back to the negotiating table after abandoning six-nation talks in 2009.
“In order to strengthen the way we deal with the North Korean issue, we will convey our view and conduct policy consultation to make sure that we are on the same page,” Japanese chief government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga said Tuesday.
EXPAND Courtesy Muzeo Museum and Cultural Center
For fans of Downton Abbey, one of the period drama's primary delights was its sartorial offerings — deliciously decadent beaded gowns, ornate hats, the particulars of Edwardian white tie and the proper uniform for a lady's maid.
Those still suffering from Downton withdrawal nearly a year after the final season aired on PBS can get their fix at a traveling exhibition, open through May at Muzeo in Anaheim. “Dressing Downton” puts 36 costumes from the hit television show on display for fans to examine up close.
Outfits from the first four seasons are arranged in chronological vignettes that help contextualize the designs within the history of the era. The show took care to include its costumes and the evolution of fashion as key plot points, using clothes to chart shifting social mores. Sybil's (Jessica Brown Findlay) first step into feminism was symbolized through their season-one adoption of “harem” pants, and Lady Mary (Michelle Dockery) seized their new life as an independent, sexually liberated woman with a chic bob haircut in the fifth season.
EXPAND Courtesy Muzeo Museum and Cultural Center
Season five and six costume designer Anna Robbins explains via email, “Clothing is an important social barometer of the times; social and historical events, the movement onwards of feminism, of music, or politics, of design and art, of social class. For me this is the beauty of my job as a designer. To look at the full social strata and paint a picture that captures the age and to be able to tell individual storylines through clothing.”
The exhibition doubles down on this aspect of the show. When you enter, you're surrounded by Edwardian designs, exemplified by the Dowager Countess' (Maggie Smith) iconic violet day dress and the traditional servant garb, and you wind your way through the practical fashions and uniforms of World War I until arriving at the loose waists and raised hemlines of the 1920s. Muzeo executive director Dan Finley says, “It's a time capsule, a snapshot of what's going on in the time. ... Everything going on in the world affects fashion.” The costumes are arranged in a way that allows you to follow the flow of changing fashions, while providing ample social and historical context in placards that explain everything from shorter hemlines to the rise of mass-produced clothing with the need for uniforms in World War I.
Muzeo curator Joyce Franklin maintained the chronology suggested by exhibition developer Exhibits Development Group, but they also put their own touch on the proceedings, breaking the pieces up into more easily digestible segments and installing them alongside antique furniture. “In many places where different curators have set up the exhibit, it becomes more like a runway exhibit or a trade show,” they say. “Our patrons enjoy a more intimate relationship with the pieces we bring in, and that's why I created the small vignettes.”
They also include a closing segment that features vintage clothing and artifacts from the same era of history in the city of Anaheim. These items, as well as the furniture in displays throughout the museum, are on loan from Anaheim Historical and local private collectors. Franklin described their process of acquiring these items as “like a shopping trip,” where they walked through Anaheim's Mother Colony House and Woelke-Stoffel House to select historically accurate items. It gives visitors a chance to contextualize the costumes within their own lives, understanding how these styles and world events affected their local surroundings through tangible pieces of history.
EXPAND Courtesy Muzeo Museum and Cultural Center
Lovers of Downton Abbey will rejoice in the chance to relive favorite moments from the show through the costumes, but even if you're not a fan of the television show, the exhibit is a treat for history and fashion lovers. The costumes are not only gorgeous, intricate pieces, but many of them are vintage pieces or feature components from the era. New costumes mix contemporary fabrics with vintage panels of exquisite beading, delicate hand-worked lace and intricate embroidery. For Lady Mary's scaled-down wartime look, they pair a blouse original to the era with a freshly constructed skirt. The costumers bolster fragile fabrics and beading with sturdier linings and satin underlays. They don't look for original pieces and fabrics in purely traditional places, either – in the spirit of Scarlett O'Hara and Fraulein Maria, an overcoat for Lady Cora is constructed from an original 1920s tablecloth.
Some pieces are wholly original to the era, including a pink silk velvet flapper dress worn by Lady Rose (Lily James) and Lady Edith's grosgrain coat with silk cannelle embroidery. Actress Laura Carmichael selected the coat themselves from costume house Cosprop and was thrilled to discover that it was a vintage piece that had survived the decades.
The show not only achieved accuracy through the use of original pieces but often had characters rewear pieces, just as people do in real life. The costumes are a mix of old and new, a metaphor for what made Downton Abbey a mega-hit. Costume designer Anna Robbins says, “What has endeared the audience, I think, is the storylines, expertly weaving modern experiences into a period drama.” The characters may have lived in the past, but their triumphs and tragedies spoke to universal themes that ripple down the decades.
EXPAND Courtesy Muzeo Museum and Cultural Center
The costumers echo this, skillfully blending modern fabrics with period accessories and trimmings and making it difficult to discern where antique glass beads meet newly cut silk. “Dressing Downton” gives you the chance to study the intricacies yourself, admiring the handiwork of new costumers and seamstresses while also reveling in the beauty of handcrafts created by those long gone. It may be an exhibit showcasing the fashions of a television show, but it's a rare chance to revel in the trappings of a pop-culture phenomenon while simultaneously staring history in the face.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (AP)  A man who was serving a life sentence for killing a worker at their California marijuana farm has died following an apparent suicide attempt at a federal prison in Indiana.
The Bureau of Prisons says 35-year-old Mikal Xylon Wilde was found unresponsive Sept. 22 in their cell in Terre Haute, Indiana.
Vigo (VEE'-goh) County Coroner Susan Amos says Wilde apparently hanged themselves in their cell. They were pronounced dead Sept. 26 at a local hospital.
The Kneeland, California, man was sentenced to life in prison plus 35 years in 2015 on murder and drug trafficking convictions.
Advertisement
Prosecutors said Wilde opened fire in August 2010 on immigrants he'd hired to work at their marijuana farm after they quit and demanded payment.
Mario Roberto Juarez-Madrid, a Guatemalan father of two, was killed.
Iran will treat a British-Iranian aid worker as an Iranian citizen and they will serve their sentence as determined by the judiciary, Iran's foreign ministry spokesperson said on Monday.
BEIRUT: Iran will treat a British-Iranian aid worker as an Iranian citizen and they will serve their sentence as determined by the judiciary, Iran's foreign ministry spokesperson said on Monday.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson discussed Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case with Iranian officials after flying to Tehran over the weekend to try to seek them release.
"One of the issues that Johnson brought up in Tehran was the issue of Ms. Zaghari," Iranian foreign ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi was quoted by state media as saying.
"With regard to their dual nationality, from our point of view of course they are Iranian and they have been sentenced by the judiciary and they will serve the period of their sentence."
Britain says Zaghari-Ratcliffe was visiting family on holiday in April 2016 when they were jailed by Iran for attempting to overthrow the government.
 They are not the only dual national being held in Iran, but their case has taken on political significance in Britain after Johnson said last month that they had been teaching journalists in Iran, which their employer denies. Johnson later apologised.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Opponents have called for them to resign if their comments lead to them serving longer in prison.
Qassemi said the Iranian foreign ministry would follow up on Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case but said that it was ultimately a matter for the judiciary.
A project manager with the Thomson Reuters Foundation, Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in prison after being convicted by an Iranian court of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. They deny the charges.
The Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity organization that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. It says Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been on holiday and had not been teaching journalism in Iran.
(Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh, Editing by William Maclean)
Amazon Video has video. A lot of video. Amazon Prime Video has a lot of video that's free along with your Amazon Prime membership. And for everything else — a whole lot of everything else — there's Amazon Prime Video Channels
These are a series of channels to which you'll subscribe monthly and then have available on your Amazon Fire TV, or Fire tablet, or on the web. You get a free seven-day trial for each channel, and then you start paying after that. (Conveniently, through your Amazon account.)
It's a great complement for whatever streaming services you already have through Amazon Fire TV. And it's a brilliant way to check out video that otherwise is off the beaten path.
Here are just a few of the better channels we think you should check out — but by all means definitely cruise through the entire Prime Video Channels section, too. (All prices listed are monthly, and remember that you'll need an Amazon Prime membership, too.)
TOKYO, April 17 (Xinhua) -- Tokyo stocks retreated Monday morning as the yen being driven up against the U.S. dollar as a safe haven currency in times of geopolitical uncertainty compounded a dour market mood and saw export-linked issues pressured. The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average lost 57.45 points, or 0. xinhuanet_en 6:24:00 AM CEST
Stuttgart: Maria Sharapova crashed out in the opening round of the Stuttgart Open on Tuesday as French sixth seed Caroline Garcia staged a fightback to win 3-6, 7-6 (8/6), 6-4.
"This was not the result that I wanted, but I can take a lot out of this match," Sharapova said. "I've not competed for a few weeks, but I played pretty solid and did all of the right things.
"I served well in the first set but had a few doubles at the wrong time. Physically, I felt quite strong."
The five-time Grand Slam champion, who turned 31 last week, looked to be in control as they made just two unforced errors in winning the opening set.
But Garcia, who had never beaten the Russian in four previous meetings — they last played in Madrid three years ago — rallied in the second set as they came from 4-2 down and levelled the contest in a tie-break.
The 41st-ranked Sharapova returned to tennis in Stuttgart exactly a year ago after finishing a 15-month doping ban for meldonium and reached the semi-finals.
They claimed an early break in the third set but lost it in the third game as Garcia tightened the screw on the crowd favourite.
Sharapova was broken to trail 4-5 and put their opponent under momentary pressure at 0-30 as Garcia tried to serve out the win.
But the World No 7 succeeded on their second match point as Sharapova struck a return wide to exit after two and three-quarter hours of battle on the indoor clay court.
Sharapova said their game might have been compromised by weeks of forearm injury recovery after last playing in Indian Wells six weeks ago.
"Overall I didn't react as well as I could against a server like her, they got a lot of free points," Sharapova said.
"I didn't get enough balls back. We were both playing fast, and aggressive.
"I need to be smarter in the winning position."
Garcia will next take on Ukrainian qualifier Marta Kostyuk who scored a 6-4, 6-1 defeat of Antonia Lottner.
The youngster, who doesn't turn 16 until just before the start of Wimbledon, was joined in round two by Czech fifth seed Karolina Pliskova, who beat Dutchwoman Kiki Bertens 6-2, 6-2.
Kostyuk made a breakthrough with a surprise third-round showing at the Australian Open as a qualifier, finally losing to compatriot Elina Svitolina.
World No 158 Kostyuk has since claimed a second-tier title in Burnie, Australia and reached a final in Zhuhai, China in March.
Them defeat of Lottner, ranked 155th, took just under 90 minutes, with the teenager breaking four times while losing serve only once.
Pliskova, who has been on site for a week training, is playing Stuttgart for the third consecutive year, after losing to eventual champion Laura Siegemund in the 2017 quarter-finals.
"I felt the best today and for sure it was not their best match but that was not much to do with me," Pliskova said.
"The serve was good and I got a lot of free points, my shots were working -- there was no problem from my side today."
The Czech dominated Bertens, with the winner firing six aces and breaking four times.
Reigning champion Laura Siegemund beat Barbora Strycova 6-4, 6-3, but Marketa Vondrousova did get one over the Germans for the Czechs with a 6-2, 6-2 victory over Julia Goerges.
A widely used pesticide is placing bumblebee populations at an increased risk of extinction, a new study from an Ontario researcher suggests.
Nigel Raine, an environmental science professor at the University of Guelph, discovered that thiamethoxam, a major neonicotinoid found in agricultural crops throughout the world, reduced the chances of bumblebee queens starting new colonies by more than a quarter.
The results were published Monday in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution.
READ MORE: Reality check: Will Cheerios' free wildflower seeds spread invasive plant species?
“Bumblebee queens that were exposed to the pesticide were 26 per cent less likely to lay eggs to start a colony,” Raine said of the research conducted in their lab with researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London.
“It was a bigger impact than I was expecting. And our modelling suggests it could have a major impact on population persistence and increases the chances a population could go extinct.”
Bees are crucial to agriculture. Published reports suggest about a third of the crops eaten by humans depend on insect pollination, with bees responsible for about 80 per cent of that figure.
But bee populations are declining worldwide as scientists try to figure out why. Research has suggested the use of neonicotinoids is among the factors contributing to the declines.
WATCH: Garden plants to grow to help bees succeed
Ontario has taken the lead in North America by placing restrictions on the use of neonicotinoids, while Europe has imposed a moratorium on their use.
Recent research by York University showed neonicotinoids had spilled over from crops such as soy and corn in Ontario and Quebec into plants and wildflowers such as maple trees, dandelions and clover.
Raine wanted to examine the effects thiamethoxam and a common parasite had on the bumblebee queen's ability to set up a colony, a crucial part of a bee's life cycle.
Bumblebee queens, they explained, are quite different from honeybee queens in that they largely do all of the work themselves to start a colony, from foraging to nest building to raising their young before worker bees take over.
READ MORE: How the pesticide believed to be killing the bees could be affecting humans
While there has been much study of the honeybee, not as much research has been conducted on the bumblebee, Raine said.
In their lab, Raine infected half the bumblebee queens they were studying with a parasite and then placed all the bees in a cold, dark room to force an artificial hibernation. Those that survived hibernation were then split into two more groups, one of which was exposed for two weeks to pesticide-laden pollen at “field realistic” levels found in the wild, they said.
Those queen bees were placed in different nest boxes and monitored for survival and signs of egg laying.
“There was very little effect of the parasite in our experiment,” Raine said.
But they did find a substantial impact on egg laying.
“We are trying to link all this up to the broader ecology and life history of these organisms,” Raine said.
READ MORE: Ontario lawsuit on pesticides draws the eye of Alberta beekeepers
They took that new data and plugged it into mathematical models to see what would happen over time.
“We're seeing a substantial increase of the likelihood of them not surviving over a longer period of time and that's obviously a serious concern with the current patterns of usage of these chemicals.”
If anything, Raine said, their study is conservative, considering they only examined the effects of one pesticide and one parasite, whereas there are many other factors in the wild that play a role in the bumblebee's health, including disease and habitat destruction.
A 23-year-old Brantford man asked for - and received - a penitentiary sentence for a vicious robbery on an unsuspecting man last September.
Court was told that Daniel Leslie Scott Dolbeck is seeking help with their alcohol addiction.
"All my problems come from alcohol," Dolbeck told Justice Gethin Edward in Ontario Court last month.
At about 10 p.m. on Sept. 7, Dolbeck and a friend attacked a man who was walking to work along Wayne Gretzky Parkway, near Henry Street.
Dolbeck swung a skateboard at the man's head, connecting with their face and dropping them to the ground.
Their friend encouraged Dolbeck to continue the attack, which they did.
The two stole the man's iPhone and backpack as their victim pleaded for mercy.
Dolbeck and their friend were arrested with the stolen items just blocks away, while their bloodied victim was taken to hospital for stitches.
Dolbeck quickly pleaded guilty to robbery with a weapon.
Normally, the sentencing would be delayed to await a pre-sentence report on the challenges the accused man faced growing up, and a victim impact statement from the injured man.
But defence lawyer Asgar Manek said the report and statement are unnecessary because their client is seeking a longer sentence than they would normally face.
"My client wants to be sentenced to the pen on top of their time served," said Manek.
"He's already served 177 days and still wants to go to the pen to get the help they need. And, because he's asking for pen time, the victim impact statement wouldn't make any difference."
Edward gave Dolbeck credit for their time served in jail and sentenced them to a two-year penitentiary term.
"People fear this kind of stuff," they said as they sentenced the man.
The judge was told that Dolbeck knows they can access counselling and other programs in penitentiary to deal with their severe alcohol addiction. Once released, they will go to a halfway house.
On the day of the attack, Dolbeck said they had consumed a 26-ounce bottle of Crown Royal and cocaine.
"The court usually wants to get information from the victim, but I can anticipate what the victim would say in a victim impact statement," said Edward.
"It was obviously startling and troubling to the Nth degree and they had significant injuries. He's probably suffering from post-traumatic stress, not sleeping and having trouble maintaining employment."
The judge said they were "aghast" by Dolbeck's crime.
"The victim was minding their own business and was ... taken completely unawares by what happened."
Assistant Crown attorney Ed Slater called the crime "an outrage,
"It was a scandalous offence, the kind of thing citizens in this community fear - stranger-on-stranger crime," said Slater. "It's the kind of violence that causes a schism in our community, making people retreat from one another and fear one another.
"It needs to be dealt with harshly and severely."
Manek said their client has only a Grade 8 education and a spotty work history. In 2016, they completed a 12-step program with St. Leonard's Community Services to deal with a fentanyl addiction.
"He acknowledges their responsibility for the robbery and is adamant they want to go to the pen. There, he'll get education and counselling for alcohol and addictions. When he's released, he'll get a halfway house which, they say, is better than going home where there is alcohol."
The judge accepted that Dolbeck is "better man" than their actions on the day of the attack.
"You're contrite, you've expressed that you need help, and you're stepping up and entering a guilty plea," said Edward.
"All jail does, in my view, is foster and create more anger in the individual. I'd rather have someone like you committed to rehabilitation and I commend you for your focus on wanting to get help."
Once released, Dolbeck will be on probation for 18 months and is ordered not to use or possess alcohol or drugs during that time.
They won't be allowed near their victim, must submit a sample of their DNA for the national offenders databank and can have no weapons for 10 years.
Their co-accused, Baron Shawn Brading-Searles, 23, remains in custody and returns to court on Feb. 9 for a video appearance.
SGamble@postmedia.com
@EXPSGamble
By Ranga Sirilal
COLOMBO (Reuters) - Sri Lanka on Wednesday signed an agreement with a subsidiary of U.S. firm Schlumberger for a $50 million seismic study off the country's east coast to evaluate any prospective oil resources, a senior government official said.
Sri Lanka signed the agreement with Eastern Echo DMCC, a subsidiary of Schlumberger, to carry out seismic data acquisition surveys, advance data processing and interpretation work or modelling of petroleum systems.
"The main objective of entering into this agreement is to acquire more petroleum data using modern acquisition and processing techniques," Arjuna Ranatunga, Minister of Petroleum Resources Development told reporters after signing the agreement in the Sri Lankan capital Colombo.
Ranatunga also said that the company would invest at least $50 million for several data acquisition projects, including 2D and 3D seismic, in selected offshore areas around Sri Lanka and would recover the investment from sales proceeds to multiple investors.
This agreement follows comments on May 4 from the Director general at Petroleum Resources Development Secretariat (PRDS) Vajira Dassanayake, who said Sri Lanka would sign agreements with French oil company Total and Eastern Echo DMCC for a seismic study off its east coast.
Sri Lanka first signed a deal with Total in 2016 to conduct a study off the eastern coast but this did not take place.
Total had earlier signed a two-year agreement with PRDS to survey around 50,000 sq km off the east coast from the air, at a cost of $25 million to acquire data on unexplored areas.
Dassanayake earlier in May said Total would invest $3 million to $10 million for the seismic study, while Eastern Echo DMCC would carry out the marine survey.
Officials from Total and Schlumberger did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Sri Lanka produces no oil and is dependent on imports for all of its fuel requirements, despite trying to reinvigorate oil and gas exploration after its 25-year civil war with Tamil separatists ended nine years ago.
Importing oil cost the island $3.2 billion in 2017.
(Reporting by Ranga Sirilal; Editing by Shihar Aneez and Jane Merriman)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
REUTERS: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) accepted Indivior's application for its new schizophrenia treatment, the British drugmaker said on Tuesday, boosting hopes of marketing the drug in the country.
The London-listed company, which specializes in heroin addiction treatment, said the FDA had accepted its application for RBP-7000, an investigational once-a-month injectable to treat schizophrenia.
Earlier this month, the company's experimental drug to help fight America's growing opioid addiction crisis was approved by the FDA, boosting its sales prospects as competitors threaten revenue from an older product.
Shares in Indivior were expected to rise about 3 percent at market open.
(Reporting by Justin George Varghese in Bengaluru; editing by Jason Neely)
Over the years, Mario sports games have had a unique way of taking sports gameplay and putting it in the colorful and weird world of Mushroom Kingdom, and the Mario tennis games have always been a personal favorite. I was beyond excited when Nintendo announced Mario Tennis Aces for the Nintendo Switch in January, and we are getting oh so close to the official release date! Here's everything you need to know about Mario Tennis Aces. What's new in Mario Tennis Aces May 30, 2018: Mario Tennis Aces is having a pre-launch tournament this weekend!
Don't want to wait until June 22 to get your first taste of Mario Tennis Aces, well good news, Nintendo has announced an Online Tournament Demo that you can take part in this weekend.
"Jump online and fight your way to the top of the in-game bracket in frenetic tennis matches. The more rivals you beat, the more points you will earn, which will unlock more playable characters in the demo."
The event starts Friday, June 1 at 9:00 PM EDT (6:00 PM PDT) and runs through until Sunday, June 3 until 2:59 AM EDT (11:59 PM PDT). Not only will this give you the opportunity to play the game before it officially launches, it will also have a side benefit too.
"By Participating and keeping your save data, you can unlock Mario's classic outfit in the full version of the game, once purchased, so don't miss out!"
To get in on the tournament all you have to do is head to the Nintendo eShop on your Switch and download the free Mario Tennis Aces Online Tournament Demo software. once you download the software, youjust have to launch it at any time during the event to try out the game! don't miss out! Release Date Let's get the first question out of the way. Mario Tennis Aces will be released on June 22, 2018. Adventure Mode
Mario Tennis Aces will be the first game in the tennis franchise to have a story mode (known as Adventure Mode) since the installments on the Game Boy Advance. While we don't know precisely what the Adventure Mode will entail we do know that Mario has to once again save their brother, Luigi, from peril. Your travel across the Mushroom Kingdom completing different challenges and bosses by playing various fun forms of tennis along the way. Multiplayer Modes While nothing concrete has been released on exactly what multiplayer modes will be available, we do know that both local and online multiplayer will be included. Local multiplayer will be possible with up to four players (on the same Switch, or multiple Switch consoles) by playing doubles while the online multiplayer will be available worldwide for doubles or singles matches! Character Roster No official full list of characters is available, but through the multiple gameplay trailers, we do know a that these 15 characters that will be playable.
Mario
Luigi
Wario
Waluigi
Peach
Daisy
Yoshi
Rosalina
Donkey Kong
Toad
Browser
Toadette
Bowser Jr.
Chain Chomp
Boo
Nintendo says there are even more characters to be included in the game, but who (or what) they are remains a mystery. Character Traits Each character in Mario Tennis Aces has a specific trait, and while Nintendo hasn't talked about exactly what these traits mean, we can safely assume they will influence a character is played; here's a quick list of the characteristics we know so far.
Mario (All-Round)
Luigi (All-Round)
Wario (Powerful)
Waluigi (Defensive)
Peach (Technical)
Daisy (All-Round)
Yoshi (Speedy)
Rosalina (Tricky)
Donkey Kong (Powerful)
Toad (Speedy)
Browser (Powerful)
Toadette (Technical)
Bowser Jr. (Defensive)
Chain Chomp (Powerful)
Boo (Tricky)
“We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.” – William Casey, CIA Director 1981
0 Austin bombings Q&A: What are the distinctive traits of a serial bomber?
What would make a person create a bomb, set it to go off then deliver it to a victim?
A variety of things, according to a forensic psychiatrist who has studied some of the worst killers society has ever seen.
According to Dr. Mark Welner, a leading forensic psychiatrist and chairperson of The Forensic Panel, a person (almost always a male) who would set a bomb to kill someone is interested in “spectacle through destruction,” hoping that news cameras are rolling following the explosion.
>> Read more trending news
Welner is a clinical professor of psychiatry at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and is the developer of the Depravity Standard (www.depravitystandard.org ), which delineates traits of the worst of murderers. The Forensic Panel is a practice that works on complex homicides around the United States.
We asked Welner to explain the influences behind what may drive a serial bomber and the traits most common to bombers.
Q: Are there traits common to serial bombers?
A: Male, detail-oriented, motivated by spectacle through destruction as opposed to merely destructiveness. They take pride in abilities and planning, is socially isolated and quiet, and feels themselves as unsuccessful in intimacy. They have a keen awareness of media and its tendencies in reporting.
>>Austin package bombings: Friends remember victims Draylen Mason, Anthony House
Q: Have you seen anything in the coverage of these bombings that would be helpful in identifying the bomber?
A: The most important aspect of coverage is to enlist the community to be vigilant and to watch their communities, film with their smart phones to capture the out-of-the-ordinary, and to report what is suspicious. Serial violent offenders are often identified by tips from people who spotted something or someone who does not add up.
Also, the more vigilant a community is catching such a perpetrator, the harder it is for such an offender to attack without being identified. And the serial bomber does not want to be caught. It is best to keep the focus on the initiatives and collectiveness of a community to work together.
Q: A different bomb trigger – a tripwire – was used in the bombing on Sunday night. The first three attacks involved suspicious packages left on doorsteps. The bomb in the package that exploded Sunday was left on the side of a road. Would a bomber “stick to their script” and not change the way they delivered bombs, or would you be concerned that there was a “copycat: bomber who put the latest bomb by the side of the road?
A: Both are possibilities. … Historically, a serial bomber with a passion and training in explosives will be able to shift methods to take advantage of materials available and opportunities to offend without being caught.
Q: Police said the bomber is trying to “send a message.” Do serial bombers want to send a message generally, or are they only interested in destruction and murder?
A: Bombers create a spectacle to draw attention. They may be motivated to draw attention to themselves and their power to hold a community in fear, or may attach to a cause to draw attention to it. The key point is that a spectacle killer is destructively motivated even before the crimes begin, but attaches to a cause that they think justifies violence.
Q: The first victims were African American and Hispanic. Do you think the bomber is targeting only those groups? Is that something a serial bomber generally does, or are victims randomly chosen?
A: Those who have chosen to bomb, pick targets for their own reasons. The rationale may or may not make sense to the rest of us. But it makes sense to them. If ethnicities are targeted, it may be driven by a desire to instigate violent race conflict, as Joseph Paul Franklin (a serial killer who, in addition to murdering several people, also shot and wounded business person Vernon Jordan and Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt) told me they intended when I interviewed him. Likewise, since spectacle murderers are attempting to manipulate the media as much as anything, the bomber and whomever is assisting them may be attempting to manipulate a news cycle by staging violence that inflames racial divisions, or what some call a “false flag.”
An Austin police officer directs a vehicle away from the scene of an explosion in Austin, Texas, Sunday, March 18, 2018. N. Wagner/Austin American-Statesman/AP
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
JOHOR BAHRU: The Gunung Belumut Recreational Forest Area in Kluang, about 137km from Johor Bahru, was closed indefinitely from Tuesday (Mar 20) after two siblings who visited the area on Feb 16 were infected with leptospirosis.
The boy and girl, aged five and seven respectively, had gone to the forest area with their family and relatives.
Johor Health, Environment, Education and Information Committee chairperson Ayub Rahmat said the closure was to enable investigations to be carried out by the parties concerned, including to test the water at the recreational centre.
They said the community would work together to clean up the area besides installing rat traps to detect leptospirosis.
According to Ayub, the state health department has also installed health warning signs at the entrance of the area to explain health risks to visitors.
"Given the recreational area has no clean water supply, the risk of getting gastroenteritis infection is high, especially for those high-risk groups picnicking there," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The bacteria that cause leptospirosis is spread through contact with an infected animal's urine, including that of rats. Drinking contaminated water can also cause infection.
Symptoms include fever, diarrhoea, vomiting, muscle aches and rash.
Without treatment, leptospirosis can lead to kidney damage, meningitis, liver failure, respiratory distress, and even death, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Crosslinking is widely practiced in nearly all of the coatings industries to improve the performance of coatings, including wear, abrasion and chemical resistances and toughness. The improved performance originates from the formation of a continuous three-dimensional network, which may be formed by the crosslinker alone, or by reaction of the crosslinker with the binder. Stahl Polymers successfully examined the performance of polycarbodiimides as a safe and sustainable crosslinker. Read the results for different substrates and the pH and pot life effects. Read the white paper.
There was a palpable anger in the B.C. Lions' locker-room following a last-second loss to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats two weeks ago.
Wally Buono would like to see a little more of that emotion from their team on the field.
“After the fact, it's too late. Maybe go into the game a little more angry,” said B.C.'s head coach and general manager. “Football is an emotional game played by angry men.
“The anger has to come before the game, not after the game.”
Fresh off a bye week, where all they could do was stew over the crushing 24-23 home defeat that put another major dent in their playoff hopes, the Lions (6-7) sit last in the CFL's West Division as they prepare to host the Ottawa Redblacks (5-9-1) on Saturday.
Even if B.C. sweeps the club's final five games, it still might not be enough to make the post-season with the Saskatchewan Roughriders (7-6) and Edmonton Eskimos (7-6), who sit third and fourth in the West, both holding the tiebreaker over the Lions.
“You wanna be in the playoffs? You're in the playoffs,” Buono said in describing their team's current predicament.
“I've been here a million times. I can handle the pressure. Can you?”
The good news for B.C. is Edmonton has lost six straight after starting the season 7-0, but the success or failure of the teams ahead of the Lions in the standings won't matter if they can't figure out their own game.
“It's playoff football for us right now,” said B.C. wide receiver Bryan Burnham. “We can't lose. We can't rely on other teams. We have to do what we can.
“Every game's a must-win from here on out.”
Lions quarterback Jonathon Jennings showed signs of life in the loss to Hamilton after a dismal performance against the Calgary Stampeders the previous week, but an offence that was supposed to light up the scoreboard has still yet to find its rhythm for a club that has lost two straight and five of its last six.
“It's been a tough season for all of us,” said Jennings, who has just six touchdown passes and an ugly 12 interceptions. “It hurts to lose, especially with all the expectations we have for ourselves.
“But we know it's not over. We know our chances aren't lost.”
Wide receiver Chris Williams, who signed with B.C. following two outstanding seasons in Ottawa, said the Lions' biggest problem has been a lack of execution in key moments.
“We've just got to go out there and make plays when the opportunities are given,” said Williams. “There's going to be some opportunities out there. We've got to sting them. We've got to make it count.”
The Redblacks, meanwhile, sit second in the East after two straight losses — including last week's 18-17 home defeat to Saskatchewan — but should have star quarterback Trevor Harris, who suffered a separated throwing shoulder on Sept. 9, under centre at B.C. Place Stadium.
Last season's Grey Cup champions, seven of the Redblacks' nine losses have been a combined 17 points in what has also been a frustrating 2017.
“You play football to play football, not to watch it or be on the (injured reserve),” Harris told reporters in Ottawa before the team flew west.
“Even just missing three weeks is something that's an eye-opener.”
The Redblacks beat the Lions 31-24 in the nation's capital back on Aug. 26. The visitors trailed 31-3 in the fourth quarter before a frantic comeback attempt fell short after quarterback Travis Lulay replaced an ineffective Jennings.
But Lulay suffered a torn ACL in their right knee two weeks later, thrusting Jennings back into the starting role.
Despite their struggles, Buono said the third-year pivot still has a chance to save both theirs and the Lions' season.
It just has to start now.
“Athletes thrive on success,” said Buono. “When success doesn't happen, everybody's confidence starts to wane. It's what your foundation is, it's what your beliefs are, it's what your support system is that helps you to get through it.
“At the end of it you've got to pick yourself up. Nobody's going to help you.”
LONDON: Even though window coverings have been recognised for decades as a safety hazard to children, injuries from blinds and shades still send many kids to the emergency room each year, a US study suggests.
Almost 17,000 children under age six were treated for injuries from window blinds in US emergency departments from 1990 to 2015, researchers report on Dec 11 in Pediatrics. That translates to an injury rate of almost three out of every 100,000 kids.
Most of the time, the injuries weren't serious. But there were 228 cases when young children caught their necks in cords and two-thirds of these injuries were fatal.
While the majority of children were treated and released, there was still about one child death each month - most from strangulation when a child became entangled by the neck in a window blind cord.
“The findings of this study confirm that children continue to die from strangulation on window blind cords,” said senior author Dr Gary Smith, director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio. “This is unacceptable.”
“We've known about this problem since the 1940s,” Dr Smith said by email. “We have had a voluntary safety standard in this country since the mid-1990s and we've had product recalls, and yet, we continue to see these deaths.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The US Consumer Product Safety Commission approved a petition to develop mandatory safety standards for window coverings in 2014, Dr Smith said. Unlike current voluntary standards designed to reduce the risk of strangulation, the proposed mandatory standards would require all window coverings to be cordless or have cords that are inaccessible to children.
“Cordless technologies are available for most blinds and shades and add little cost to manufacturing,” Dr Smith said. “What we need now is for manufacturers to simply eliminate accessible cords in their products so that children can't gain access to them.”
Almost two-thirds of the injuries children in the study sustained were head injuries, most often cuts, contusions and abrasions.
In almost half of the cases, the blinds struck kids, and cuts were the next most common mechanism of injury. Overall, about 12 per cent of cases involved kids getting entangled in cords.
The majority of the cases occurred when parents were home with kids, but adults witnessed very few of the injuries. Often children were put to sleep, playing or watching television when injuries occurred.
When kids were alone, they often were unsupervised for less than 10 minutes before they got hurt.
One limitation of the study is that it only includes cases treated at hospitals and may underestimate the true injury rate associated with window coverings, the authors note. Researchers also lacked detailed information on the exact types of blinds involved in strangulation cases.
Even so, the findings suggest that voluntary safety standards aren't enough to prevent serious injuries, said Dr Sean Bandzar, an emergency medicine researcher at New York Presbyterian Hospital, who wasn't involved in the study.
This means parents need to be vigilant.
“The majority of injuries in this study occurred while children were under the care of parents with the children placed to sleep or playing,” Dr Bandzar said by email. “Better parental supervision should be encouraged.”
Aiming baby monitors or cameras at blinds should help parents keep an eye on kids near windows at night or other times when they're not in the room, they suggested.
If replacing blinds with dangling cords isn't feasible or affordable, parents should focus their efforts on the rooms where kids spend the most time, like bedrooms or living rooms, Dr Smith advised. Moving furniture away from windows so kids don't have an easy way to climb and reach blinds can also help.
Child safety kits designed to keep blinds out of reach don't always prevent kids from getting injured, they added.
“Some of the fixes can provide a false sense of security,” Dr Smith said. “The best way to keep your children safe is to replace all blinds that have cords with either cordless blinds, blinds with inaccessible cords or other types of cordless window coverings, such as interior window shutters.”
HARTSHEAD MOOR will mark their return to the Bradford League's Priestley Cup with a home first round tie against Hunslet Nelson.
Hartshead won the Jack Hampshire Cup last season but enter the league's premier cup competition following their promotion to Championship One last season and they have been paired against the side who finished runners-up to them in Championship Two.
Priestley Cup holders New Farnley will begin their defence at home to Championship One side Baildon.
Premier League champions Hanging Heaton host Yeadon, Cleckheaton entertain Morley, while Gomersal will travel to Pudsey Congs.
Priestley Cup
First round: Hanging Heaton v Yeadon, Hartshead Moor v Hunslet Nelson, New Farnley v Baildon, Farsley v Bradford & Bingley, Cleckheaton v Morley, Pudsey Congs v Gomersal, Methley v Bankfoot. Byes: Scholes, Lightcliffe, Undercliffe, Woodlands, East Bierley, Batley, Wrenthorpe, Pudsey St Lawrence, Townville.
There is a derby clash in the Jack Hampshire Cup first round, with Liversedge at home to neighbours Heckmondwike.
Crossbank host Rodley, Birstall entertain Northowram Fields, while Spen Victoria face Brighouse.
Jack Hampshire Cup
First round: Crossbank v Rodley, Jer Lane v Azaad, Great Preston v East Leeds, Spen Victoria v Brighouse, Bowling Old Lane v Gildersome, Birstall v Northowram Fields, East Ardsley v Windhill, Liversedge v Heckmondwike, Carlton v Oulton. Byes: Keighley, Adwalton, Wakefield St Michael's, Buttershaw SP, Altofts, Hopton Mills, Sandal
Priestley Shield
First round: Yeadon v Pudsey St Lawrence, Adwalton v Baildon
Second round: Morley v Spen Victoria, Jer Lane v Bradford & Bingley, Bankfoot v Birstall, Wrenthorpe v Hanging Heaton, Woodlands v Townville, Liversedge v Azaad, Methley v Gomersal, Yeadon or Pudsey St Lawrence v Buttershaw St Pauls, Cleckheaton v Adwalton or Baildon, Carlton v New Farnley, Pudsey Congs v East Bierley.
Twenty20 Cup
Group A, first round: Hunslet Nelson v Ossett, Wrenthorpe v Lightcliffe, Methley v East Bierley, Baildon v Hartshead Moor, Farsley v Woodlands, New Farnley v Batley, Undercliffe v Pudsey St Lawrence, Bradford & Bingley v Hanging Heaton.
Group B first round: Keighley v Crossbank Meths, Sandal v Wakefield SM, Heckmondwike v Gildersome, Oulton — bye, Altofts v Great Preston, Birstall v Jer Lane, Rodley v Liversedge, East Ardsley v Adwalton.
Anti-racism workshop to be held Feb. 23 in the Cape Cod Lounge
Posted by Hayley Johnson on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment
An “Anti-racism workshop: Tools for Collective Liberation” will be held Thursday, Feb. 23 in the Cape Cod Lounge from 11:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., hosted by the Social Thought and Political Economy Student Executive Committee.
The anti-racism workshop is a continuation of the workshop and panel “Visions Beyond Trump: Building Solidarity Networks and Economies” that will be held by Divest UMass on Wednesday, Feb. 22 from 6:30 to 9 p.m. in the Commonwealth Honors College Events Hall.
The workshop will go over topics including “islamophobia, xenophobia, and anti-black racism,” according to a flyer distributed by the committee for the event.
Co-leading the anti-racism workshop are two members of the committee, Ashley Everson, a first-year student STPEC major, and Brock Parent, a junior double major in STPEC and anthropology.
Everson said that the idea for the workshop stemmed from problems with race relations that came about last semester within STPEC classes. Members of the committee wanted to find a way to address these problems, such as micro-aggressions, to prevent them in the future.
Everson explained that micro-aggressions are “things that people say, or I guess do, that are racially motivated, that aren't necessarily at face-value racially motivated…so if somebody was like ‘Can I touch your hair?' that would be considered a micro-aggression. Or like in the classroom if you said something and somebody wasn't listening to your opinion because it didn't follow what [they value].”
Esteban Kelly, the executive director for the United States Federation of Workers Cooperatives and founder of the Anti-Oppression Resource & Training Alliance, will be the keynote speaker for the event on Feb. 22 and will be facilitating the anti-racism workshop.
“This two-day event that we have going with Divest, the keynote speaker, Esteban Kelly that's coming to that, they actually do a lot of work with racial relations and how to stop repression and racism within solidarity economy work, so we kind of thought it was a really good opportunity to team up with Divest” said Everson.
“[The workshop] is going to be very open, so that's why the Cape Cod Lounge is the ideal space…Esteban is going to give an intro…we are going to do background on what micro-aggressions are, what we're hoping to achieve and take away from this, who is going to benefit from it, how this ties in with the Divest solidarity economy talk that we have the night before… and just lay the ground work,” Everson explained. “And then…people are going to disperse into teams or little sections, and [Kelly's] going to have workshop prompts for us to work through together and navigate through and then come back together as a whole and discuss ideas…”
Julia Riordan, a first-year student STPEC and journalism double major and member of the committee who is involved in planning the workshop, said in an email that their hopes for the event are that “if you're a white person, you need to understand the history and significance of your privilege and how it has shaped societal institutions and public policy and the consequences it has had on the realities and lives of people of color. Racism isn't a battle we all face, but it's one we all must fight.”
Everson said that anyone who wants to come is welcome to attend the workshop. It is open to any major, adding, “we definitely want as many people to participate in this as they want to…Whoever wants to come, we'll welcome.”
Hayley Johnson can be reached at hkjohnson@umass.edu and followed on Twitter @hayleyk_johnson.
European Parliament, Strasbourg Representatives of the European Alliance for Rescue Centres and Sanctuaries (EARS) and of AAP Animal Advocacy and Protection presented the views of CITES – accredited rescue centres, key players in struggle against wildlife trafficking.
The MEPs of the Intergroup for the Welfare and Conservation of Animals discussed the conditions of confiscated animals and the role of rescue centres. This issue will be debated at the upcoming CITES Standing Committee meeting, in the context of the implementation of CITES Resolution 17.8 on disposal of illegally traded specimens. The European Parliament Resolution urges parties to develop national plans to identify ways for procuring funds for the care of confiscated animals.
The speakers underlined that the staff of qualified rescue centres can offer expertise to the government in identifying, handling, transporting, housing, and caring for specimens, or can train government representatives in these skills. Rescue centres can keep detailed records which may prove invaluable for law enforcement purposes and ensure that animals are not sold, stolen, permitted to re-enter trade, unnecessarily euthanized, or improperly released. However, presently no consistent and clear standards exist for the designation and selection of rescue centres throughout the EU and they suffer from a chronic lack of funds and consideration.
The marketing for Melissa McCarthy's new film — featuring Muppet-like characters doing very naughty things — can move forward despite complaints from the folks behind “Sesame Street” that it “tarnishes” their kid show's brand the way a classic ‘70s porno flick tainted the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders.
see also 'Sesame Street' creators sue over Melissa McCarthy flick Sesame Workshop filed the suit in Manhattan federal court claiming...
Manhattan federal Judge Vernon Broderick rejected a request by the Sesame Workshop for a temporary retraining order to halt ads for the upcoming comedy “Happytime Murders,” including a YouTube trailer with the tagline, “No Sesame. All Street.”
In its lawsuit filed last week, Sesame Workshop objected to the film's trailer, featuring “drug-using, misogynistic, violent, copulating, and even ejaculating puppets,” saying it caused “devastating and irreparable injury” to the Sesame Street name.
“They are distributing a trailer that deliberately confuses consumers into mistakenly believing that Sesame is associated with, has allowed, or has even endorsed or produced the movie and tarnishes Sesame's brand,” the lawsuit claimed.
But Broderick ruled that the STX film — directed by Brian Henson, the son of the late Jim Henson, who's Muppets have been central characters inn the children's mainstay since its inception in 1969 — was geared toward an entirely different audience than “Sesame Street.”
They also found that the trailer's “No Sesame. All Street” tagline was intended to “differentiate” the raunchy adult film from the wholesome educational show featuring Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch.
“I find the use of the tagline to disclaim — albeit in a short and pithy manner,” the judge said.
At one point, a lawyer for Sesame Workshop tried to compare the damage *she* said the McCarthy trailer has done to “Sesame Street's” brand to the damage the porn movie “Debbie Does Dallas” inflicted on the Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders, who successfully beat the film from being shown at an adult movie theater in the 1970s.
The judge wasn't buying it.
“'Debbie Does Dallas' was a pornographic movie,” the judge said. “Isn't there a difference here?”
The judge also downplayed Sesame Workshop's evidence that the trailer was confusing viewers, saying they provided just a “handful” of examples of people who wrongly associated the trailer with “Sesame Street” — a drop in the bucket compared to the “millions of views of the trailer.”
As of this writing, the “Happytime Murders” trailer had chalked up 2.2 million views on YouTube.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The Wyoming Mounted Search and Rescue is hosting a fun ride in southeast Wyoming between Cheyenne and Laramie on July 9, at 10 a.m. The ride will start at Blair-Wallis horse corrals off Happy Jack Road, Pole Mountain. Please RSVP by July 5 to Kathleen Larson at (307) 763-2526 so they have a head count for the free lunch of hot dogs, chips and water.
MONTREAL: The higher risk of preterm births for women over 40 may not be completely explained by their greater use of reproductive technology or medical interventions like induced labor or planned cesarean deliveries, a Canadian study suggests.
The study confirmed that women over 40 do have the highest risk of preterm births: 7.8 per cent of pregnancies in this age group resulted in preterm births and 1 per cent ended in extremely premature deliveries. Women age 30 to 34 had the lowest risk: 5.7 per cent of pregnancies involved preterm deliveries, and 0.6 per cent resulted in extremely early arrivals.
Compared with women age 30 to 34, the over-40 mothers were 14 per cent more likely to have a spontaneous preterm delivery and 31 per cent more likely to have early deliveries because of labour induction, cesarean births or other interventions. This offers fresh evidence that age is an independent risk factor for preterm births, researchers conclude in PLoS One.
“A common hypothesis is that the increased risk of preterm birth among aged mothers is largely explained by early labour induction for medical conditions,” said Dr Antonio Simone Lagana of the Filippo Del Ponte Hospital and the University of Insubria in Varese, Italy.
“However, this study found that advanced maternal age (40 years and over) was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth even after adjustment for known confounders, such as placenta previa, gestational diabetes, medical history, use of assisted reproduction technologies and occurrence of invasive procedures that are all more common in older mothers,” Lagana, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
The oldest mothers in the study had a higher risk of going into early labour on their own and also of having a premature delivery induced for medical reasons. This suggests that not all of the increased risk of premature deliveries can be explained by decisions doctors make in the delivery room, said Dr Alice Goisis of the London School of Economics.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The association cannot be entirely attributed to medical interventions alone,” Goisis, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
In the weeks immediately after birth, preemies often have difficulty breathing and digesting food. They can also encounter longer-term challenges such as impaired vision, hearing and cognitive skills, as well as social and behavioural problems.
Pregnancy normally lasts about 40 weeks, and babies born after 37 weeks are considered full term. The study focused on preterm babies delivered during weeks 32 to 36 of pregnancy, as well as on extremely premature infants delivered before 32 weeks' gestation.
The study by Dr Florent Fuchs of CHU Sainte Justine in Montreal and colleagues examined data on 184,000 births in 32 hospitals in Quebec, Canada. Fuchs didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
Women over 40 in the study were more likely to have many risk factors for prematurity such as obesity, pregnancy-related diabetes or high blood pressure, and a complication known as placenta previa, when the placenta nourishing the baby separates from the uterine wall.
One limitation of the study is that data on weight was missing for 28 per cent of participants. Researchers also lacked data on several factors that can influence the chances of a preterm birth including socioeconomic status.
Even so, the results add to the evidence that advanced maternal age can make a preterm birth more likely, said Dr Ali Khashan of the School of Public Health and INFANT Center at University College Cork in Ireland.
But all women, including older women, can take steps to reduce their odds of a preterm birth, Khashan, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“Women who are planning pregnancy, especially after age 40, should optimise their health pre-pregnancy, maintain a healthy weight, and engage with health services early in pregnancy,” Khashan advised.
TAMPA, Fla. — Police in Florida say a dog named Scarface attacked a family who tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress it Friday and their husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off them Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard. They ended up in the hospital.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where two children were. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on Scarface before catching it.
On Sunday morning, NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported a rift between Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston and head coach Dirk Koetter.
Following another loss, Winston denied there were any issues behind the scenes.
"Me and Coach Koetter have a great relationship, first and foremost, and we've got the same goal when we go out there on that football field -- and that's to win the football game. So it doesn't matter what anybody else can possibly say," Winston said, via ESPN.com's Jenna Laine.
"Obviously, a lot of stuff can come out when we're not doing as expected, but that's false. Coach Koetter coaches their tail off, and they definitely support me. So whatever anybody else has to say outside of that -- that's just water under the bridge, man."
According to Rapoport, Winston has been frustrated this season by what they felt was a lack of support by the head coach during an early season injury and by predictable offensive play calling.
Sunday's 24-21 loss to the Detroit Lions displayed the offensive problems first-hand. The Buccaneers have the firepower to move the ball, earning 400 yards of offense. But another slow start, coupled with heaps of turnovers (three by Winston), consistently undermines the chance for the win.
"That's a distraction. And a lot of distractions come up when we don't perform how we need to perform," Winston said of the report. "I'm a strong believer that coaches and players play. If you look at today's game, the players [and] I didn't play. I didn't play. I had three turnovers."
Koetter likewise denied any tension.
"I think Jameis and I have had an extremely consistent relationship over the last three years, and I don't think anything different about it, but that's just my opinion," Koetter said, emphasizing that he's more concerned about winning games than reports. "I know the truth about our relationship. My big concern is our football team."
Koetter's football team fell to 4-9, and they watched their best defensive lineman, Gerald McCoy, possibly tear their biceps. In what was supposed to be a renaissance season, frustration following repeated failures is natural. If Koetter and Winston can't turn the tide of losing the final three weeks, perhaps Bucs management will once again make a change.
A number of Woodford-owned stocks have crashed spectacularly over the last year or so and that has had a significant impact on the portfolio manager's performance. First there was Provident Financial, which lost around 70% of its market capitalisation in the blink of an eye after a nasty profit warning. Then Saga, which dropped over 30% after it, too, warned on profits. Then there was Capita, which plummeted 50% in January after suspending its dividend. Furthermore, there's also been a number of slow-burning…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
It's no secret that star fund manager Neil Woodford is having a dreadful run at the moment.
A number of Woodford-owned stocks have crashed spectacularly over the last year or so and that has had a significant impact on the portfolio manager's performance. First there was Provident Financial, which lost around 70% of its market capitalisation in the blink of an eye after a nasty profit warning. Then Saga, which dropped over 30% after it, too, warned on profits. Then there was Capita, which plummeted 50% in January after suspending its dividend. Furthermore, there's also been a number of slow-burning performance detractors, which have declined more steadily, such as Imperial Brands and AA, which are down around 40% and 50%, respectively, over the last year.
Overall, Woodford has underperformed many of their peers dramatically over the last year and, as a result, many investors have withdrawn capital from Woodford Investment Management.
If you were hoping that the worst was over for Woodford, I have bad news. Yesterday, the portfolio manager suffered yet another blow to their funds. Here's a look at their latest investing disaster.
Another blow
Step forward US biotech company Prothena. This is a stock that Woodford has considerable exposure to across all three of their funds. At the end of March, the stock was the third largest holding in their Patient Capital Trust with a 9.1% weighting, the seventh largest holding in their Equity Income fund, at 3.1% of the portfolio, and the 23rd largest holding in their Income Focus fund, with a weighting of 1.8%.
That kind of exposure is going to hurt Woodford's performance. As of yesterday, Prothena shares crashed nearly 70% after the failure of a crucial drug trial. The company advised that trials of its key drug NEOD001 – designed to treat a rare disease called AL amyloidosis – were unsuccessful and that it was halting development of the drug. The market clearly didn't like the news and sent the shares crashing from $37 to $12. Woodford's team stated that the results of the trial were “undoubtedly a blow” and that it would be working with the company and its management team on its strategy. Woodford's Patient Capital Trust fell over 10% yesterday.
So, after this latest debacle, is it time to finally ditch Neil Woodford?
I'm out
Personally, I redeemed my SIPP holding in Woodford's Equity Income fund back in February. The main reason I sold the fund was that it no longer represented the style of portfolio I was looking for.
Equity income funds should have a focus on dividend stocks. This type of fund generally invests in blue-chip stocks and is designed to provide regular income along with some capital growth. To my mind, there's no place for a risky biotech company such as Prothena which pays no dividend.
Prothena is a better fit for Woodford's Patient Capital Trust which invests in disruptive, early-stage companies. However, I won't be investing in this fund as the performance track record is poor and I believe there are better alternatives. For example, over three years, the trust has returned -27%. In comparison, a growth fund I highlighted over the weekend, the Marlborough UK Micro-Cap Growth fund, has returned 72% in that time.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
MARAWI CITY, Philippines: The Philippines military said it arrested one of the Maute brothers on Thursday, a senior member of the Islamic State-backed militants it is fighting in a southern city.
Mohammad Noaim Maute, alias Abu Jadid, was arrested at a checkpoint near the coastal city of Cagayan de Oro just after dawn, said Lt Col Jo-Ar Herrera, a military spokesperson.
Two of Mohammad's brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, lead the Maute gang that is at the forefront of a vicious battle with security forces for Marawi City, now in its fourth week. Marawi is about 100 km (60 miles) south of Cagayan de Oro, but it was not clear whether Mohammad was coming from the besieged city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi.
Their parents were taken into custody last week in separate cities.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Brigadier-General Gilbert Gapay, spokesperson for the military's Eastern Mindanao Command, said Maute was a suspected bomb-maker for the group. They said Maute was holding a fake student card of the Mindanao State University, based in Marawi, when stopped at the checkpoint. They were not armed.
Local police said Maute, an Arabic language teacher, readily admitted their identity when questioned, adding that they were now being questioned.
(Reporting by Neil Jerome Morales and Manny Mogato; Writing by Raju Gopalakrishnan; Editing by Michael Perry)
Infamously short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci was spotted meeting with Dr. Phil about launching a daytime talk show, spies tell Page Six.
And some thought that the TV psychologist also looked to be “comforting” the Mooch — who recently patched things up with their wife — although Scaramucci tells us it was just “camaraderie.”
We hear that the outspoken Mooch was at Polo Bar last week, where they “got into an argument with a fellow Wall Streeter at the bar,” a source related. They then joined TV's Dr. Phil for dinner.
A spy told Page Six that Phil “spent 45 minutes with their arm around Scaramucci appearing to try and comfort them over something.” But we hear they're actually working on a show together.
Scaramucci's rep explained of any alleged argument that the Mooch was “joshing with Gary Kaminsky, one of their friends for 30-plus years and co-host on ‘Wall Street Week.' Nothing but love and friendship. No tension. Their easy jocular manner was clearly misinterpreted by someone who didn't know their relationship.”
As far as Dr. Phil, we're told: “Phil McGraw and Anthony are friends . . . Phil was going to be in New York and invited Anthony to dinner. It was camaraderie and respect . . . not comforting.”
Their rep added, “The comforting part is ridiculous.”
Scaramucci recently tested out their hosting chops on TMZ's TV show.
Over the summer, they tried out the talk-show circuit as a guest on Stephen Colbert's show and on ABC's “This Week.”
The Post recently reported that Scaramucci and wife Deidre Ball decided to call off their divorce. Back in July, the pair had bitterly parted ways and Page Six exclusively reported that they were ending their three-year marriage because then-pregnant Ball was over Scaramucci's “naked political ambition.” But the Mooch's career in politics lasted 10 days, and the couple is working things out, according to court records.
Pat McDonald and Ben Kinsley are co-hosts of the show “Vote for Vermont.” On a recent show the tables were turned a little when Pat interviewed Ben in their capacity of Executive Director for Campaign for Vermont Prosperity (CFV). The topic for the show was a discussion of an innovative plan proposed by CFV which focuses on the re-energizing of Vermont's public education system.
Ben began the discussion by noting that Vermont's K-12 public education system is under stress. Student population has decreased by nearly 20,000 over the past two decades, property taxes are steadily rising, and school districts are struggling to comply with a consolidation mandate intended to shed excess overhead costs. They commented that many believe we have excess administrative overhead within our education system and that schools must reduce the current level of overhead in order to match our level of student enrollment. This belief led to the passage of Acts 153, 156, and 46 which have attempted to reduce the administrative overhead of our school systems. Acts 153 and 156 had scant participation from local school districts (only two mergers). Even Act 46, which is a “mandatory” consolidation effort, has prompted action in less than half of school districts so far.
Ben explained that Campaign for Vermont started asking the question, “Are we thinking about this in the wrong way?” Maybe instead of looking at this challenge as excess overhead, we should think about it as excess capacity. “We have seen a student drop of 20% with no similar reduction in school staffing. Which means, theoretically, that we could serve 20,000 more students than we currently do,” they said.
Ben explains that CFV started looking at the possibility of public schools accepting international students. Here in Vermont, many independent schools have far more applications than they could possibly accept from Central Asia. This is nothing new for private schools around the country. The real innovation is that public schools are now beginning to accept international students in similar fashion. Some of these schools are even here in Vermont.
Ben said that CFV believes that an infusion of international students would diversify our student populations, introduce new revenue, and create more educational opportunities for our Vermont students. And CFV has estimated that these initiatives could generate $350 Million in taxpayer savings (about $550 per person).
Ben explained that the infrastructure to implement such a plan is already in place; a number of non-profit organizations already recruit students internationally, and the F-01 Visa program is widely used to tuition students to the United States. Implementing a program like this at a statewide level could leverage recruiting and placement in a way that has not yet been done elsewhere. Filling just half of our excess capacity could bring $350 million into the state, rivaling the ski industry for direct economic impact.
Vermont schools already rank well compared to other states and indeed other countries which would be a useful selling point in attracting international students. Excess capacity in Vermont's rural schools could easily be met with the rapidly growing demand for access to American educational systems around the globe. Public education systems are just beginning to catch on to international education and Vermont can be on the leading edge of this wave. All of this comes at a time when our K-12 public education system is in dire need of innovation. This could be the spark needed to move us forward.
Ben strongly believes that this approach could make Vermont an education destination and revolutionize our Pre-K through 12 education system. The next logical move for these students after going through Vermont's undergraduate system could very well be to move up to our higher education system.
Note: The comments reflected in this article are opinions stated by our guests. Any rebuttals are welcome and can be expressed on the websites and facebook pages of VFV and CFV. If you would like to see the show please go to vote802.com for a complete listing of Vote for Vermont shows or our YouTube channel.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
6 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
World Cup hosts Russia turned in another unconvincing display as Austria extended their winless run stretching back to October with a 1-0 victory in a friendly on Wednesday.
INNSBRUCK, Austria: World Cup hosts Russia turned in another unconvincing display as Austria extended their winless run stretching back to October with a 1-0 victory in a friendly on Wednesday.
The home side, who have not qualified for the finals, exposed defensive frailties in Stanislav Cherchesov's team with Alessandro Schopf sending a neat finish past Igor Akinfeev following a fine run from Marko Arnautovic after 28 minutes.
Advertisement
Shorn of competitive football due to qualifying as hosts, Russia have spent the last two years playing friendlies against some of the world's leading sides, but their preparations have been far from ideal.
Cherchesov's spluttering team faced a barrage of criticism in the Russian media after suffering heavy home defeats by Brazil and France in March and the coach's negative tactics were also questioned.
Russia have conceded 10 goals in their last four games and failed to win in six matches.
Sergei Ignashevich, who will turn 39 in July, came out of retirement to join the Russia squad ahead of the major global sporting showpiece, replacing the injured Ruslan Kambolov.
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the return of the veteran, who earned their 121st cap against Austria, did little to reduce Russia's defensive woes and the defeat represented another big blow for Cherchesov's team who clearly lack quality in every department.
On paper, however, Russia are still favourites to reach the World Cup knockout stages from a group including Uruguay, Saudi Arabia and Egypt.
Russia host Turkey in their last warm-up in Moscow on June 5.
(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov, editing by Ed Osmond)
SINGAPORE: A 24-year-old man who had sex with a 14-year-old teen was on Thursday (May 31) sentenced to a year in jail.
According to court documents, Lim En Zer got to know the victim through a mutual friend in early June last year, exchanged numbers with them and stayed in touch with them through text messages. The victim, who cannot be named due to a gag order, had told Lim them age.
Advertisement
About a week later, Lim suggested that they meet up at their home. The teen agreed and the meeting happened sometime in the afternoon in mid-June 2017,
“After the victim arrived, the accused brought the victim straight to their bedroom,” court documents said. They sat on their bed and they started to cuddle.
Lim undressed themselves and the victim. They then had sex with her, with their consent, without using a condom.
They met a total of three times, out of which two were sexual encounters, according to court documents. The court heard that the victim was not in a genuine romantic relationship with Lim.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Three other sexual offences were taken into consideration.
For having sex with a minor below the age of 16, they could have been jailed up to 10 years, fined, or both.
VIENNA (Reuters) - While much of the West has barred smoking in restaurants and bars, Austria's planned ban has gone up in smoke. A woman holds a cigarette in a cafe in Vienna April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File PhotoThe small, affluent country is famed for its Alpine scenery and its capital, Vienna, is regularly rated as the world's best city to live in. But many visitors are surprised to find that nights out often feature the acrid smell of decades past. Austria passed a law banning smoking in bars and restaurants as of May 2018. But that will now be overturned under a deal between the conservative People's Party (OVP) led by Sebastian Kurz and the far-right Freedom Party (FPO) reached during their ongoing negotiations on a governing coalition, according to a person familiar with their discussions. “The current rules will remain in place,” the person said, confirming reports by local media. Smoking is banned in general in the restaurant industry but various exceptions are allowed. Scrapping the impending ban was an idea championed by FPO leader Heinz-Christian Strache, 48, who has repeatedly tried, in vain, to quit smoking. Kurz, who is just 31, has never acquired the habit and even shuns coffee, a rare abstinence in a country with a celebrated cafe culture. Smoking was not a major issue in the election, in which Kurz made a hard line on immigration their theme. But some restaurant owners pushed for the planned ban to be dropped, supported by Strache, who has said they should be free to choose whether they allow customers to smoke. “Overturning the total ban on smoking in the restaurant industry is an enormous step backwards on health policy,” said Health Minister Pamela Rendi-Wagner of the Social Democrats, who plan to go into opposition once a coalition deal is reached. “This shows that people's health is of no importance to black-blue,” they said in a statement, referring to the OVP and FPO by their traditional colours. The coalition deal also included lifting the smoking age from 16 to 18 and banning smoking in cars when a minor is inside, the person familiar with the talks said. While both sides have yet to clinch a coalition agreement in talks that began soon after Kurz's party won an Oct. 15 parliamentary election, a deal before Christmas is likely, people familiar with the negotiations say.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
World number one Andy Murray has voiced their support for changes designed to speed up tennis being tested at the inaugural Next Generation ATP Finals in Milan this November.
REUTERS: World number one Andy Murray has voiced their support for changes designed to speed up tennis being tested at the inaugural Next Generation ATP Finals in Milan this November.
The tournament for the leading tour players aged 21 and under will feature a new scoring system, no lets, limited medical time-outs and shot clocks as the men's governing body seeks ways to appeal to younger audiences.
The scoring system is the most radical change to the traditional format, with five-set matches decided through first-to-four-game sets, instead of the usual six, with tiebreaks played at 3-3.
"Tennis is doing very well right now but that doesn't necessarily mean that's going to be the case in the future, so I think it's important to try new formats, different scoring systems and see if it works," Murray told reporters.
"It is good to try new things... at least it's trying something different. You have to give credit for doing that, because tennis has often been accused of being too traditional, not wanting to try new things."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The only new rule that Murray specifically opposed was the no-advantage scoring rule, where each game will be decided by a sudden-death point at deuce.
"I would prefer to try a shorter set with the same scoring, rather than the sudden-death deuce points," Murray added.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
: Spain apologised on Friday for a violent police crackdown on Catalonia's independence referendum, in a conciliatory gesture as both sides looked for a way out of the nation's worst political crisis since it became a democracy four decades ago.Spain's representative in northeast Catalonia, which accounts for a fifth of the national economy, made the apology just as Catalonia's secessionist leader appeared to inch away from a plan to declare independence as early as Monday."When I see these images, and more so when I know people have been hit, pushed and even one person who was hospitalised, I can't help but regret it and apologise on behalf of the officers that intervened," Enric Millo said in a television interview.Spanish police used batons and rubber bullets to stop people voting in Sunday's referendum, which Madrid had banned as unconstitutional. The scenes brought worldwide condemnation and fanned separatist feeling but failed to prevent what the Catalan government described as an overwhelming yes vote.Moments earlier, a Catalan parliament spokesperson said the regional government's leader, Carles Puigdemont, had asked to address lawmakers on Tuesday, in timing that appeared at odds with earlier plans to move an independence motion on Monday.Puigdemont wanted to speak on the "political situation".The softer tone contrasted with remarks earlier on Friday from Catalonia's head of foreign affairs who told BBC radio it would go ahead with an independence debate in the regional parliament.Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has offered all-party political talks to find a solution, opening the door to a deal giving Catalonia more autonomy. But they have ruled out independence and rejected a Catalan proposal for international mediation.The stakes are high for the euro zone's fourth-largest economy. Catalonia is the source of a huge chunk of its tax revenue and hosts multinationals from carmaker Volkswagen to drugs firm AstraZeneca.Secession could also fuel separatist-nationalist divisions across the rest of Spain, which only this year saw ETA guerrillas in the northern Basque region lay down their arms after a campaign lasting almost half a century.Spanish ruling-party lawmakers say Rajoy is considering invoking the constitution to dissolve the regional parliament and force fresh Catalan elections if the region's government goes ahead with an independence declaration.The spokesperson for Catalan parliament said Puigdemont would speak in the assembly next Tuesday, with parliamentary leaders to meet on Friday at 1330 GMT to decide on the exact timing.The Catalan government's head of foreign affairs, Raul Romeva, told the BBC that the crisis could only be resolved with politics, not via judicial means."Every threat, every menace, using the police, using ... the Constitutional Court has been useless in trying to (get) people from step back away from their legitimate rights," they said.His remarks hit Spanish stocks and bonds, including shares in the region's two largest banks, Caixabank and Sabadell. Sabadell decided on Thursday to move its legal base to Alicante. Caixabank, Spain's third-largest lender, will consider on Friday whether to also transfer its legal base away from Catalonia, a source said.The court's suspension order further aggravated one of the biggest crises to hit Spain since the establishment of democracy on the 1975 death of General Francisco Franco.Secessionist Catalan politicians have pledged to unilaterally declare independence at Monday's session after staging an independence referendum last Sunday. Madrid had banned the vote and sought to thwart it by sending in riot police.In a separate development that could raise tensions, Catalan police chief Josep Lluis Trapero appeared in Spain's High Court on Friday to answer accusations they committed sedition by failing to enforce a court ban on holding the referendum.Unlike national police, Catalonia's force, the Mossos d'Esquadra, did not use force to prevent people voting. Trapero has emerged as a hero for the pro-independence movement.Spanish Economy Minister Luis de Guindos told Reuters in an interview on Thursday the turmoil was damaging Catalonia, an industrial and tourism powerhouse which accounts for a fifth of the national economy.In addition, the central government on Friday passed a law to make it easier for companies to move their operations around the country just as some businesses consider leaving Catalonia, potentially dealing a blow to the region's finances.Opinion polls conducted before the vote suggest a minority of around 40 percent of residents in Catalonia back independence. But a majority wanted a referendum to be held, and the violent police crackdown angered Catalans across the divide.Catalan officials released preliminary referendum results showing 90 percent support in favour of breaking away.But turnout was only about 43 percent as Catalans who favour remaining part of Spain mainly boycotted the ballot.
LONDON: Britain's Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron announced their resignation on Wednesday (Jun 14), citing scrutiny of their religious views over gay rights during the recent general election campaign.
"To be a political leader... and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me," they said.
Farron said they had felt "torn" between political and religious life after facing questioning over whether they agreed with their party's positive view of same-sex unions.
LONDON: The largest British audience for a live sporting event since the closing ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics watched England's dramatic penalty shootout with Colombia as Gareth Southgate's team reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2006.
English commercial broadcaster ITV - who share the live rights with BBC - said 23.6 million viewers tuned in for five minutes of the shootout in Moscow whilst an average of 20.1 million watched the game in its entirety.
Advertisement
According to ITV's figures, the most-watched single minute of Tuesday's game was 9.52pm (2052 GMT), when 24.4 million people tuned in.
At this point roughly four in five people watching TV in the United Kingdom (81 per cent) were tuned to ITV.
The 2012 London Olympics closing ceremony on the BBC drew 26.3 million television viewers.
Tuesday's match fell some way short of two other World Cup matches involving England, both of which went to penalties with the English losing out on both occasions.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The record average audience in the United Kingdom in the past 30 years is the 26.2 million who watched England's semi-final against West Germany in 1990 - fractionally higher than the 26 million who turned on for England's second round match with Argentina in the 1998 World Cup.
However, those figures will come under serious threat when BBC show England's quarter-final with Sweden on Saturday in Samara with the kick-off at 1400 GMT.
The record audience for a live event of any kind in the past 25 years is the funeral of Princess Diana in 1997, which attracted 32 million spectators.
The proverbial horse, It's swayed back loaded down with soon-to-be legal marijuana, is already out of the barn and yet the Trudeau Liberals are just now funding a study to determine how blitzed one can be behind the wheel before the cuffs come out.
Was this not something that should have been front-and-centre the moment Justin Trudeau became prime minister, riding high on their promise to legalize weed, and not commissioned just this week, a few months before recreational pot becomes lawful nationwide?
A press release Tuesday from Public Safety Canada, the home turf of Ralph Goodale, led off with the fact that drug-impaired driving has been on the rise since police-reported data became available in 2009, and is now a “major contributor to fatal road crashes in Canada.”
And this increase comes before anyone has actually taken a legal toke. Imagine the carnage on the roads come Oct. 17, the official day reefer freedom is unleashed on a vulnerable public.
The price of stock in funeral homes should skyrocket.
Tow-truck firms, too, will also be seen as wise investments.
Remember, you read it here first. Remember, for example, the riches ahead if one had only listened to the investment advice given to Dustin Hoffman's character in Mike Nichols' 1967 classic, The Graduate.
“I just want to say one word to you. One word,” said Mr. McGuire, the neighbour of young Benjamin Braddock. “Plastics.”
Your world would have been awash in $-signs.
But that was then. Two days ago, Ralph Goodale, Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness, used their office to announce almost $1 million — or, more precisely, $919,065 — will be invested in Toronto's Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) over a three-year period to “help advance scientific knowledge on the impact of cannabis on drivers ranging in age from 19 to 45.”
Don't bother looking for that horse. It's long gone.
But now you know who among the doper demographic the cops will be profiling and targeting — the first legal teens to the pre-geezers.
Their search of the drug impaired will be aided, of course, by a new law giving them carte blanche to stop anyone without cause.
Outrage over this, however, has yet to kick in.
Goodale's study will use “simulated driving” to determine how increased levels of THC in blood and oral fluid — here, piss in this vial — can impact a driver, including their or their ability to anticipate hazards, the level of risk-taking behaviour, reaction time and the position and speed on the road.
It sounds like fun, does it not?
There is still no equivalent for pot like the existence of the court-approved breathalyzer for booze, so it will come down to police performing Standard Field Sobriety Testing and Drug Recognition Expert Evaluation.
In other words, can you walk a straight line, touch your nose, and do the pupils of your eyes look larger and a little wonky?
This is hardly court-worthy, not when there is no roadside tokealyzer to take reasonable doubt out of play.
Dr. Bruna Brands, a research scientist with CAMH, as well as a toxicologist, put it this way: “While we have known for a long time that cannabis affects our ability to drive, more in-depth and targeted knowledge is necessary to set limits for blood concentrations of THC.
“This research will enable us to set such limits, comparable to those which we set for alcohol several decades ago.”
In other words, the recreational use of marijuana will be legal before anyone really knows who is legally wrecked and who isn't.
Who wins? Lawyers, of course.
This is hardly surprising.
markbonokoski@gmail.com
A 17-year-old girl was killed in a collision involving three vehicles along the highway at Barangay San Isidro, San Fernando on Wednesday evening.
Jonalyn Ynoy, 17, was riding a motorcycle driven by Bryan Alicaway when an Isuzu forward truck hit them.
ADVERTISEMENT
PO1 Ronilo Lantape of San Fernando Police Station said that there were three vehicles involved in the collision – an Isuzu elf minibus, a motorcycle and an Isuzu forward truck.
Lantape said that the three vehicles were at the same lane going to the south of Cebu.
“Kining minibus nihunong ni siya sa San Isidro kay nay gipakanaog nga pasahero. Nagsunod niya ang motor nga nihunong pud. Pero ang truck ni dumbol sa motor dayon nalagpot sya ngadto sa minibus,” Lantape said.
(The minibus stopped at San Isidro to allow passengers to disembark. The motorcycle where Ynoy was riding also stopped behind the minibus but the truck did not see them and hit them. They were thrown off the motorcycle due to the impact)
Alicaway was injured while Ynoy was declared dead at past 10 p.m.
Milano Alagdon, the driver of the truck, is now detained at San Fernando Police station awaiting the filing of proper charges.
Stoke City have announced the signing of experienced goalkeeper Adam Federici on a two-year deal from Bournemouth.
The Australian is the Potters' third signing of the off-season after Oghenekaro Etebo and Benik Afobe's arrival at the club.
Federici joins after Manchester United completed the signing of Stoke's second choice goalkeeper Lee Grant, and the former Socceroos stopper could become the club's number one, depending on how the future of Jack Butland pans out.
“Adam [Federici] is a player with bags of experience, with Reading notably and Bournemouth as well,” manager Gary Rowett told the club's website.
“He's an excellent professional, great trainer and a very good goalkeeper who we see as one of three senior keepers who need to be pushing each other. I'm really pleased that we have been able to bring them into the club.”
Federici, 33, made 17 appearances in three years for Bournemouth and has been capped 16 times by Australia.
The keeper has enjoyed something of a nomadic career, and has played for the likes of Reading, Nottingham Forest and Wolverhampton Wanderers.
A first for the annual Wings Over Northern Michigan Air Show, they kicked things off with an early week day preview.
On Wednesday, thousands came out for skydiving demonstrations by the Canadian Skyhawks. Gaylord Regional Airport is expecting big crowds to attend the show this weekend.
“It's going to be a really great, week for aviation, and for air shows, and it's all here in Gaylord,” says Airport Director Matt Barresi
When the planes come, so does the crowd. The annual Wings Over Northern Michigan Air Show bring people from all over, to the Gaylord area.
“We like to think it's a destination event so a lot of people will be coming for both days, It will be a great weekend, for virtually everybody,” said Gaylord Area Tourism Bureau Executive Director Paul Beachnau.
In its 8th year, the show anticipates seeing a record number of spectators.
“We're looking to get over 17,000 people for the day hopefully we'll have close to 25,000-30,000 on the weekend,” said Barresi.
With the influx of people, local businesses have reason to be excited.
“Restaurants and gas, with Michigan's economy doing so well, I think people are going to be spending more money,” added Beachnau
Kicking off what should be a successful summer season.
“It will be a really banner weekend for us. For every business facet in the Gaylord area,” explained Beachnau
The show is good for businesses, but even better for the community as a whole.
“The community is fantastic about this, local government, emergency management, businesses have just really made this, we're glad to be here. Overall that's it, an exciting time,” says Barresi
Air show gates open Saturday at 10 am, with opening ceremonies at noon.
The Trumbull Library, 33 Quality St., is offering the following business and career programs. Visit trumbullct-library.org for more details or to register online, or call 203-452-5197.
Business — Thursday, Feb. 8: S.P.A.R.K Your Sales. Sales Support Systems don't have to be frustrating. In this lively and engaging presentation, sales systems support guru Cynthia Cavoto of Firebrand Social Media, will share powerful strategies to SPARK your sales to grow your business. Free. Details online. Register. Check-in/network, 6 p.m.; presentation 6:30-7:30 p.m.
Careers — Evening Career Workshop, Thursday, Feb. 22. Platform to Employment (P2E). A WorkPlace opportunity. 6:30-7:30 p.m. Looking for a job? Exhausted unemployment benefits? If you live in CT, P2E can help you return to work. Dedicated career coaches provide a support system and career development tools. Successful graduates will enter into paid work experience. Led by Joel Zaremby. Free. Register. Details online.
SIMCOE -
Vera Good has been a trailblazer all their long life.
Born in 1915 they earned a university degree when most of their fellow teachers had only a high school education.
They were one of the first female principals in the Toronto school system and the first female inspector of schools in Ontario.
When they left the schools for TV Ontario in 1965, at a time when women were a rarity in administrative roles, they led the conceptual design and was the first executive producer for the long-running children's series, Polka Dot Door.
When they retired in 1981, they became a consultant, establishing education television in Belize and Jamaica.
But when Good, now 102 and living at Norview Lodge in Simcoe, is asked about the highlights of their life, it's their early days as a teacher that they recall.
“If you'd take extra time with children who were struggling to read, they were willing. These are kids who could only read a word at a time. When they'd read a whole sentence and they looked up at you and smiled, that's what I remember.”
Good's journey is chronicled in a new biography written by Nancy Silcox called The Exceptional Vera Good, A Life Beyond the Polka Dot Door.
A book launch was held on Sunday at Norview.
The biography is a culmination of interviews Silcox did with Good over more than a year, with the author driving at least once and sometimes twice a week to Simcoe from their home in Kitchener-Waterloo. The two began meeting in March 2015.
“Vera has had more than their share of highlights,” said Silcox. “She lived in India (with the Mennonite Central Committee) during the years when India was gaining independence. They met Mahatma Gandhi and said they were so close to them they said could see the wrinkles on their face. They were assassinated the very next day.”
The book begins at the turn of the century with details of Good's Swiss ancestors, and their birth into an Old Order Mennonite family in Waterloo County.
Silcox said Good's life wasn't without difficulty. They encountered sexism as they climbed the ladder of administration at the board of education.
“She was way ahead of the curve. They had some really tough times. They bumped their head many times against the glass ceiling. It was not a happy part of their life.”
When the government of the day announced the establishment of educational television for children, Silcox said they called on the best educational minds of the time, including Good.
Good, who by then had earned their doctorate, became a significant contributor to the creation of The Polka Dot Door in 1971 for Ontario Education Communications Authority, later known as TVOntario.
The content of the show, which ran from 1971 to 1993, was generally geared towards education and creativity. One of the most well-known elements of the series was the mythical character Polkaroo.
Another feature of the show was “looking through the polka-dot door,” when the camera would zoom into a dot on the door, which would open up to reveal a short educational film.
Silcox believes Good's legacy is two-fold – as a pioneer for women in positions of higher responsibility, and as an advocate for the education of children.
A resident of Simcoe for about 25 years, Good still has a sharp memory and a passion for current events.
They said they never felt like a pioneer.
“When you look at your own life, it seems very mundane and day-to-day,” they said. “And you think, why in the world would a book be written about me?
“But the more risks you take, the more exciting life is.”
The Exceptional Vera Good, A Life Beyond the Polka Dot Door, published by CMU Press, is available at Coles in Simcoe and at Words Worth Books in Waterloo.
Proceeds from the sale of the book go to Strong Start, a charitable organization that helps young children learn to read. The program is in 90 schools in Brant, Haldimand and Norfolk.
mruby@postmedia.com
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
CHIANG RAI, Thailand: Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer squad trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and their 25-year-old coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
Advertisement
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
"Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," they said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
By late on Tuesday, about 120 million litres of water had been pumped out, or about 1.6 million every hour.
It was unclear what the options were to get the "Wild Boar" team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave.
A group of about 30 divers in wetsuits was seen preparing kit and heading for the caves on Wednesday, accompanied by military personnel and a foreign cave expert.
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces themselves with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional "wai" greeting.
A young player wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
NIGHTMARE OUTING
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort.
News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested it might have to happen in phases, but only when safe.
"All 13 don't have to come out at the same time," they told reporters. "Who is ready first can go first."
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, a deputy government spokesperson, said there was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster.
"Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust," they said.
"Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances."
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said their son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that they were confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would let them get the boys home safely.
"I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive," they told Reuters.
"I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days."
(Additional reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat in CHIANG RAI and Chayut Setboonsarng, Pracha Hariraksapitak and Aukkarapon Niyomyat in BANGKOK; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Darren Schuettler and Clarence Fernandez)
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
- Advertisement -
Germany's Siemens says it has signed contracts worth some 700 million euros ($824 million) to build two gas-powered electricity plants in Libya.
The Munich-based industrial conglomerate said Monday that the plants will be built in Misrata and Tripoli and that the value of the contracts with the state-owned General Electricity Company of Libya includes long-term service agreements.
- Advertisement -
It said the deal will expand Libya's power generation capacity by about 1.3 gigawatts, but didn't specify in a statement when the new plants will start operation.
The deal comes weeks after Siemens AG announced plans to cut about 6,900 jobs worldwide at its power, gas and drives divisions, half of them in Germany. It pointed to a sharp decline in earnings amid increasing pressure from renewable energy sources.
REUTERS: Diego Costa has accused Chelsea of treating them like a "criminal" in a forthright newspaper interview which will deepen the breach with the Premier League club.
The striker is seeking a move back to Spain in the transfer window and has not played for Chelsea since the FA Cup final in May, following which they claim manager Antonio Conte sent them a text, telling them they were not in their plans for the new season.
Costa was interviewed at home in Brazil on the same day Chelsea lost their opening Premier League game to Burnley, and said they were refusing the club's demand to return to play with the reserves.
"They want me to be there training with the reserves. I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys," they told the Daily Mail.
"I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that."
The Brazilian-born Spain international, who joined Chelsea from Atletico Madrid in 2014, said if the club did not allow them to move before the transfer window they were prepared to see out their contract unpaid in Brazil.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me. I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
"I want the deal with Atletico resolved this month. My idea would be to go to Madrid, train there, get in the best physical shape and be ready to fire ahead of the World Cup."
The situation is complicated by the fact that Atletico are currently banned from signing players in this window although a loan deal would be possible.
Costa's relationship with Conte appears to have broken down although the Brazilian accepts the Italian "is a good coach".
Last week Conte said there was "no news" on the Costa situation but earlier this summer said the "situation is closed."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Courtesy: Michael Moriarty
Last Saturday, the defending Northern Virginia Swim League (NVSL) champion Chesterbrook Tiger Sharks invaded nearby Langley Swim Club, where the visitors swamped the host Wild Things in a meet that was mostly forgettable: nobody swam a record time, and the team score was so lopsided that nobody bothered to announce it. Still, for this old Tiger Shark dad, the visit to that shallow, little pool prompted a flood of memories and a single question.
Tucked away in the woods, wedged between a nature preserve and the Washington Beltway, Langley's simple, shallow concrete rectangle in the middle of a flat lawn remains largely as it was constructed in the mid-1950s, when developing a community swim club pretty much meant simply “dig hole, pour concrete, add water and children, then step back and enjoy.” Just a few years after Langley opened, my parents and neighbors did the same, pooling their funds to buy a patch of nearly worthless land hanging over the I-66 right of way to construct High Point Pool.
When we fielded our first team, in 1967, our teenagers knew how to swim only in the sense that their parents could send them away to a week of summer camp and be fairly certain they wouldn't drown in the lake. The few lifeguards (from other clubs, of course) who knew a little more were in charge of teaching younger kids (like me) swim basics – and our goal was to gain permission to go off the high dive as much as it was to swim in a Saturday meet. Our club took its name from its site – the highest point in Fairfax County – but neutral observers (and maybe a few opposing teams) laughed at the irony of that name, as we went winless in our inaugural season, going 0-4 in the league's bottom division (9).
If our swim technique and our times weren't exactly winning any awards, who could blame us? Fastskin swimsuits? Most of us owned one suit, and we wore it for practice, playing around and in meets; by late July, they were baggy and fading, seeming to lose color as we gained it, as we spent nearly every free moment of every day hanging out at our pool. Personalized, silicon caps to announce your team and your name? Well, for starters, boys never wore swim caps (and yes, many of us had long hair), and many of the girls didn't either: they pulled their hair back in ponytails and kind of slung it to the side when they took a breath. Goggles? What, are we going scuba diving? Or “fast pools” – what could that possibly mean? Weren't they all 25 meter boxes, with lanes separated by nylon ropes and buoys every 6 or 8 feet? And what's this about the timers “getting a triple”? We hit the water when the starter fired their pistol, and timers exercised their judgment in reading the sweep second hand to the tenth of a second.
With neighborhood pools opening throughout northern Virginia, the NVSL added another division in 1968 – and plopped hapless High Point Pool right into it. We lost three more meets, but we won one! And that meant that for one season, anyway, we were the bottom rail, but we weren't the mudsill. It might have been that we were learning how to swim faster – though it's hard to be certain, since we didn't win a second meet for another two years – but I think we were learning nonetheless. It was the summer of 1968, the one that started with Robert Kennedy's assassination and ended with the rioting at the Democratic Party's National Convention in Chicago. And throughout that July and many more to come, we would tie blue and white streamers to our car antennas and pile into American made station wagons and head out for parts unknown of Northern Virginia. We visited Little Hunting Park and Hollin Meadows in the southern part of the county, off Telegraph Road; we ventured to Springfield to swim Orange Hunt and Rolling Valley; or we might just drive cross-town and compete against schoolmates at Poplar Heights (the established power in Falls Church, one of the NVSL's founding clubs), or to Hamlet, a relative newcomer like High Point. And we went to the western edge of the county to swim Herndon – out in the sticks, our coach assured us, where the other guys would be worn out from doing farm chores before the meet (they weren't) and would be easy to beat (again, they weren't, at all).
Directions to these away meets were printed (mimeographed) on little slips of paper handed out by some well-organized parent in our gravel parking lot before we departed, but when my brothers and I piled into the family Ford Galaxy station wagon, we had no idea where we were going or who we were swimming against. This was pre-internet (by about 30 years), so scouting the competition was something that happened after trekking around the Beltway, navigating through quiet, unfamiliar neighborhood streets, and shuffling onto the other team's deck, where we might glimpse the end of their warm-ups. We'd size them up: any studs here? Not sure, let's go casually check their record-board…
Only once (okay, twice) did we see through this fog of the unknown, and that was when we swam against the Springfield Tiger Sharks – in 1972 and 1974. A charter member of the NVSL, Springfield Swim & Racquet Club is situated in a working class neighborhood off Backlick Road that (at least from the backseat of a station wagon) looked pretty much like a lot of the other middle-class neighborhoods we visited: wide, curbed streets, boxy brick ramblers, sparse, flat lawns, and a swim club at the dead end of the road, across from an industrial park backing up to the Beltway. The club itself? Also pretty much like all the others we visited: your basic 6-lane rectangle, a little baby pool off in the grass, and a “club house”: a multi-purpose structure rendered a little less utilitarian by the architectural detail of dual arched walls leading to the restrooms. The club also features four tennis courts.
But if Springfield was like so many other teams, the Tiger Sharks stood out on our schedule for one simple reason: Melissa Belote. As a 12-year old, Melissa had ripped almost two seconds off the NVSL record in the 50 Backstroke. They put the 13-14 record out of sight, too, but they had much bigger goals. As a 15-year-old at the Munich Olympics, they crushed the Olympic and World Records in the 100 and 200 Meter Backstroke events, and led off the gold-medal winning 400 Meter Medley Relay. That summer of 1972, Melissa won for the United States, for the Springfield Tiger Sharks and in many ways for every team, every little kid in the Northern Virginia Swim League, no matter your home team. We were young, and although we vaguely understood that something had gone wrong at the Munich Olympics, we absorbed the simple idea that a young girl – someone like us, swimming at a simple little pool like ours, in a simple middle-class neighborhood like ours – had achieved superstardom. They had driven home the conviction that every single club we swam against deserved respect; only one of them had an Olympian on their team (so far), but all of them could be where the next Olympian would start out.
Twelve years after High Point Pool opened – the length of time it takes to develop a full complement of swimmers who had learned the strokes as true youngsters – the team completed its climb to Division 1, where it competed for three seasons before settling back to the middle of the pack. Springfield Swim & Racquet, though, never managed a run to the top and now competes in the NVSL's cellar, Division 17, where it recently endured a string of six seasons without a win. On a quiet Sunday evening in early July, the line-up from the previous day's meet remain posted on the bulletin board: several empty lanes exposed the team's modest size, and the names on the sheet suggested the team comprises kids from families who have arrived in the United States relatively recently, who are just starting to learn how to swim – first to keep from drowning, and second to compete in a Saturday meet. Young swimmers, fast times, and team wins may be sparse at Springfield, but the Tiger Sharks' “record board” (a sheet of paper stapled to the bulletin board) remains the only one in the NVSL featuring the name of a three-time Olympic gold medalist and former world record holder.
The Springfield Tiger Sharks have won two Division 17 meets in each of the last three seasons – and for a lot of reasons that's not too shabby. Meanwhile, about 10 miles away in McLean the Chesterbrook Tiger Sharks are chasing their third straight Division 1 title — representing the de facto championship of the 102-team league. After floating up and down the NVSL's middle divisions from 1956 until 1980, the club has now spent the past 19 seasons firmly ensconced in Division 1, where the teams among the league's elite change little from year to year: an Oakton for a Little Rocky Run, or a McLean for Highlands, or a Vienna Aquatic for Vienna Woods, all of them from comfortable neighborhoods. There's less “discovery” in Division 1: even when they're forced to take the Beltway or I-66 to get to another club for a Saturday morning meet, these teams are rarely far from home, are rarely in a neighborhood much different from their own. For that matter, there are no fast swimmers lurking in the shallows to be spied during warm-ups, as residents of the NVSL's penthouse tend to know each other well – if not from sharing the league's luxury suite year after year, then from the year-round clubs where they hone their skills under the watchful eyes (and cameras) of highly experienced and well-compensated coaches, where they compete in state-of-the-art pools while sporting swimsuits that cost more than the annual membership dues at a club like Springfield.
I'm now enjoying my 19th summer with the Chesterbrook Tiger Sharks, and it looks to be another successful one. Along with all the other parents, I think we're doing as much as we can to support our kids in and out of the water. We grow, we learn, we swim fast, and we almost never lose. Or do we?
About Mike Moriarty
Mike Moriarty grew up in Falls Church, Virginia, where they competed for High Point Pool from 1968 to 1978. A member of Chesterbrook Swim & Tennis since 2000, they have served as the club's President, as the “Team Representative” to the NVSL, as editor of the Tiger Shark Times newsletter, and in a variety of other capacities supporting the Tiger Sharks.
Linda McMahon, former executive who started and helped grow the World Wrestling Entertment in Stamford, is officially confirmed as the new leader of the Small Business Administration.
Now with a local in office, small businesses on the shoreline are hoping she'll have a local impact.
“Bodes well not for small businesses just like ours, but for everybody here in Connecticut,” said Dave Quinn, president of Quinn & Hary Marketing in New London.
Quinn's small business reached a level of success that they can expand into downtown New London. But they said businesses looking to relocate into downtown, urban environments could use guidance with landlocked buildings and permitting, which is something McMahon can take on in their new role.
"Could be some streamlining of regulations that would be helpful to small business,” Quinn said.
Lester Fantauzzi owns Globe Spirit in New London and said they want McMahon to assess taxes.
“Every time that they're trying to raise taxes on something, they shouldn't do it on the same businesses over and over again,” Fantauzzi said, adding the government keeps upping the tax on liquor and cigarettes, which makes it hard for them to keep prices low for theirs customers.
Sara Munro, owner of Studio 33 Art and Frame Gallery in New London, would also like to see some tax relief and more small business loans.
“Because we have to provide everything ourselves,” Munro said. “Our own health care insurance, we have to pay unemployment compensation, (workers') compensation, all of the payroll taxes, and so forth and so on.
Tony Sheridan, president and CEO of the Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut wrote a statement via email to NBC Connecticut. It said, in part: “It is also good to have someone as head of SBA who understands the unique Connecticut culture... Most of the small businesses want very little from the government. Mostly they want regulations streamlined and predictable. They want their representatives to understand their challenges and to essentially stand back and let them do what they are good at, run their business.”
After two very productive seasons at Texas Tech, Farrington graduate, 6'0″, 305lbs. Defensive Tackle Breiden Fehoko announced Monday that they will transfer to Louisiana State University.
“I want to thank every single coach that has reached out and provided me…opportunity as well as developed a relationship with me through this process,” they wrote in a message on Twitter. “Relationships like this last a lifetime. Not many individuals have this opportunity and I am fortunate enough to have it. With that being said I am blessed to say that I look forward to furthering my education and athletics at The Louisiana State University!”
Fehoko chose the Tigers over Auburn, Georgia, Ole Miss and Louisville.
Former University of Hawaii Defensive Coordinator Dave Aranda is the DC for LSU under Head Coach Ed Orgeron.
Fehoko, the 2014 Cover2 Manti Te'o Award finalist for state defensive player of the year, started all 25 games eligible as a Red Raider including 13 as a true first-year student in 2015. Fehoko recorded 19 tackles with four TFLs and one sack in '15, and 19 tackles with 3.5 TFLs and one sack last season.
As an undergraduate transfer, Fehoko can use a red-shirt year to sit out the 2017 season per transfer rules, before resuming their career as a junior in 2018.
Photo: Johnny Buzzerio
By Scott T. Sterling
Hard rock heroes Alice in Chains are ready to hit the road in the new year.
Related: Tool, A Perfect Circle, Avenged Sevenfold, Alice In Chains to Headline 2018 Rock On the Range
The band has revealed a 12-date tour that launches on April 28 in Boston, with shows running through May 19, when Alice in Chains hit Philadelphia.
See the full tour itinerary below.
4/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues
4/30 – Syracuse, NY @ Landmark Theatre
5/1 – Toronto, ON @ Massey Hall
5/3 – Washington DC @ Anthem
5/4 – Charlotte, NC @ Carolina Rebellion
5/7 – New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
5/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Coca-Cola Roxy
5/13 – Somerset, WI @ Northern Invasion
5/15 – Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
5/16 – South Bend, IN @ Morris Performing Arts Center
5/18 – Columbus, OH @ Rock on the Range
5/19 – Philadelphia, PA – WMMR BBQ
Never miss a tour date from Alice in Chains with Eventful.
No matter how silly and ridiculous they complain the feature is, even non-Snapchat users have appreciated the novelty of lenses.
That's the special effects tool on Snapchat where with a tap of the screen people can warp themselves in video messages to sprout bunny ears, bee wings, pop star hairdos or their best friend's mustache.
On Tuesday, Snapchat maker Snap Inc. announced the arrival of a new type of lens — one that naysayers could find additional reason to respect. The update involves lenses that change not people, but the environment around them. People can customize and interact with them in a new way.
Users can drop a resizable virtual rainbow anywhere around them and then walk around it — or crawl under it — on video. They can frolic through a digitized garden of red roses and purple tulips. Or they can film a friend dancing around 3D word art. That's a bit more interactive than swapping faces with animals and classmates.
Snapchat rainbow lenses Snapchat users can film themselves moving about a virtual rainbow. Snapchat users can film themselves moving about a virtual rainbow. See more videos
The virtual objects may not get people moving around as much as Pokémon Go, the popular smartphone game that received praise from health experts for inspiring people to explore their surroundings miles at a time. But Snapchat's world lenses evoke a similar feel. And they eventually could lend themselves to scavenger hunts or other games that layer digital scenes and live smartphone video.
Many companies are designing products meant to drop 3-D digital renderings into the real world. There's Microsoft trying to bring the blocks, bridges and buildings of the “Minecraft” video game into mixed reality. Facebook-owned Oculus VR is attempting to recreate paint strokes and people virtually. Those companies are leaning on expensive new head-mounted devices to power those experiences, though.
Snap has gained a head start in what the technology industry calls augmented reality because it's introducing comparable experiences through the smartphones people already own. Though said to be working on new devices, Snap has moved cautiously relative to peers in pushing them out.
The biggest question is how long Snap can maintain its lead. What Microsoft, Facebook, Alphabet and Apple lack in Snapchat's reputation as a cool place for self-expression, they could make up in the massive size of their user bases, research teams and bank accounts, industry analysts have said. The advertisers on which the companies rely for revenue are sure to flock to whichever app has the most users, the experts caution.
Facebook is expected to showcase another advantage later Tuesday. At its annual conference for developers, the company plans to discuss how app makers can integrate with Facebook's camera functionality.
Facebook theoretically could invite thousands of third-party software engineers to mimic Snapchat's new lenses or create features that blow past them. Concerns about such copying have weighed on Snap shares, down 17% from their debut price of $24 last month.
Snap has few partnerships with outside developers, so far leaning on internal ingenuity to come with new offerings.
SNAP Video A video from Snap shows the latest feature on Snapchat in action. A video from Snap shows the latest feature on Snapchat in action. See more videos
paresh.dave@latimes.com / PGP
Twitter: @peard33
(Reuters) - Bill Haas used a hot start to jump to the first-round lead as several big names queued up close behind at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in Arizona on Thursday.
Haas shrugged off a late tee time to card seven-under-par 64 in front of a typically raucous and large crowd at TPC Scottsdale, two strokes ahead of a five-strong group including fellow American Rickie Fowler.
Spanish world number two Jon Rahm is three behind, while American Justin Thomas trails by four.
In a field that includes four of the top five players in the world rankings, Japanese two-times defending champion Hideki Matsuyama made a decent start to trail by five shots, but out-of-sorts American Jordan Spieth struggled to a one-over 72.
Haas, who teed off at the 10th hole, surged to five-under after seven holes, helped in no small part by an eagle at the par-five 15th, where they sank a 20-footer.
Fowler, a playoff loser to Matsuyama two years ago, also eagled the 15th, where they warmed to their task on a brisk morning, lashing a five-wood to inside two feet.
“I knew going out early this morning when it was cold the first few holes on the back nine can jump up and get you if you're not careful,” they told Golf Channel.
”I eased into the round nicely ... turned at three under, did a good job of saving a couple of pars, rolled in a long one (45 feet) on four and good birdie on eight.”“I don' think (the course is) too particularly demanding off the tee, but you need to get it into the fairway to have a chance with these greens once they firm up.”
Fowler, who won the unofficial Hero World Challenge in December, is coming off an uncharacteristic missed cut at Torrey Pines last week, but shrugged it off as a mere blip on the radar.
“Last week was a little hiccup, just made a few too many mistakes. We're right back where we left off (before that).”
Illinois has become the 37th state to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment.
The measure, which has been bandied about in Illinois since it failed before what was then thought to be a 1982 deadline, has taken on special emphasis as an election-year issue.
Illinois was one of the 15 states not to ratify before the original 1982 deadline. But proponents argue there's precedent that makes such a deadline moot. The amendment would guarantee legal rights regardless of sex, ending legal distinctions between men and women.
Those opposed argued that passing the amendment would give women unrestricted access to abortion.
Losing a loved one is one of the most stressful times in anyone's life. But in those first, anxious weeks of someone's bereavement, Toronto-area tombstone salesperson William Tunstead gets to work.
“He won't take no for an answer,” said Daryle Hunt, who vividly remembers Tunstead's persistent phone calls pitching cemetery monuments more than a decade ago.
“The more you turned them down, the more abrupt they became.”
Tunstead digs through publicly available information to find out who has died and then tracks down family members, typically widows or widowers, to sell their services.
“I would be pleased to come to your residence and meet with you … to show you the options that are available to you,” Tunstead writes in a form letter that they send to homes, in addition to the phone calls.
READ MORE: Death ain't cheap: a look at funeral costs and alternative options
One of those phone calls to recent widow Joan Felkai is more shocking than others.
“He wouldn't leave me alone and made me feel very guilty,” said Felkai, whose husband died in July.
They say they started receiving calls from Tunstead about six weeks after the funeral.
In November, Tunstead called Felkai, who told him, “I haven't made any progress yet,” referring to their thoughts about buying a gravestone. The conversation was recorded on Felkai's answering machine.
“What do you have to do?” questioned Tunstead.
“I have to think about it,” Felkai replied.
“Have you taken some time to go to a cemetery and look and see what other people have done?” they persisted.
“Not yet,” answered Felkai.
READ MORE: Door-to-door sales company under investigation in Alberta
Tunstead sounds aggravated at that point in the call.
“I thought you were going to do that,” they said, then said they could “barely hear” Felkai on the line, although the voice recording shows a normally audible conversation.
Then, as Felkai hangs up the phone, Tunstead unleashes an explosion of expletives, unaware that the line hasn't gone dead and that the conversation is still being recorded.
“F— off, you're an a..hole,” Tunstead exclaims.
“You're just a retard, a waste of f—ing time. Go f— off. You're a moron. Ridiculous. You're a waste of time, lady,” Tunstead concludes before the call ends.
When Felkai played the recording for their friend, Daryle Hunt explained Tunstead was the same man who had persistently tried to sell them a monument stone.
“He was very aggressive, almost rude,” said Hunt, who said they were surprised Tunstead was still in business given their approach.
A Global News crew caught up with Tunstead outside a Toronto restaurant and read a transcript of their remarks to Felkai before asking for comment.
“I don't appreciate your tactics,” Tunstead said, before walking to their car and driving away. Several calls and emails asking for further comment were not answered.
Felkai said they wanted to alert others to ignore high-pressure tactics after the death of a family member.
“I feel there's an obligation to expose this so they won't be dealing with other vulnerable people this way.”
SHANGHAI: Vitor Pereira wants to go one better than predecessor Andre Villas-Boas by winning a title after being named coach of big-spending Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG on Tuesday.
The 49-year-old, who was once assistant to Villas-Boas at Porto, has been out of football since leaving 1860 Munich following relegation to the German third tier in May.
Pereira, who had notoriously poor relations with Dutch striker Robin van Persie before being sacked by Turkish giants Fenerbahce in August 2016, is tasked with breaking Guangzhou Evergrande's stranglehold on the Chinese Super League (CSL).
Villas-Boas left SIPG two weeks ago after a turbulent season failed to yield a trophy despite reaching the last four of the Asian Champions League, the final of the Chinese FA Cup and coming second behind Guangzhou in the CSL.
"The Chinese league is a big challenge at the moment, a lot of (foreign) coaches come here, a lot of good players come to this league at this moment," said Pereira, who plans to speak to their fellow Portuguese and "friend" Villas-Boas about the job.
"I will do my best to help the club to fight to achieve our goals. I know what the club wants and I know what I want for my career, and both of us want to win titles," they told a press conference at their unveiling.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"This is the main reason why I decided to come here to China, to Shanghai. Together, for sure, we will reach our targets at the end of the season."
Pereira was number two to Villas-Boas at Porto in the 2010-2011 season and together they won the Portuguese League, Cup and Europa League.
Villas-Boas subsequently left for Chelsea and Pereira took charge of Porto, lifting the Portuguese League twice, before spells in charge of Al Ahli in Saudi Arabia, Olympiakos in Greece and then Fenerbahce.
SIPG boast a squad led by 60-million-euro attacking midfielder Oscar and their fellow Brazilian international Hulk, while in winger Wu Lei they have China's best offensive player.
Hulk worked under Pereira at Porto and the new coach said they were looking forward to reacquainting with the powerful forward.
"I was with Hulk at Porto for three years and I know the personality and the quality of the player," said Pereira.
"For sure they will help us a lot, but the key player for me is the team."
Compared to former Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur manager Villas-Boas and the Italian legend Fabio Cannavaro at Guangzhou, Pereira is a relative unknown to Chinese football fans and some SIPG supporters were quick to criticise their appointment.
"To be honest, from the bottom of my heart, I feel like they won't be able to control the dressing room," wrote one unhappy fan on Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter.
"Not really looking forward to their performance, but I hope the results will prove me wrong."
TORONTO -
Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- Ontario's new premier has frozen the wages of public service managers and ordered a review of executive and management compensation in their latest effort to curb government spending.
A memo posted on the government website Friday -- the day Doug Ford was sworn in as premier -- says pending pay adjustments for managers, executives and staff not covered by collective bargaining will be on hold "until the new government can put in place an expenditure management strategy."
The documents say merit pay for the current performance cycle will not be affected, however.
Ford had previously put the public service under a hiring freeze, except for essential frontline staff such as police and corrections officers, and halted discretionary spending such as newspaper subscriptions.
The Progressive Conservative leader campaigned on a promise of fiscal responsibility and vowed to find billions in efficiencies each year without cutting jobs. They have also pledged to launch a line-by-line audit of government spending to help eliminate waste.
The Tories said Tuesday the wage freeze would apply until the audit and compensation review are complete.
Under its previous leader, the party had promised to review the salaries of public sector CEOs and other executives if elected to government.
The newly ousted Liberals had imposed a five-year wage freeze on public sector executives and managers. As it lifted last year, broader public sector agencies were required to post their proposals for new executive compensation packages under a framework that capped salaries at the 50th percentile of "appropriate comparators."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Seattle Genetics Inc:
* SEATTLE GENETICS ANNOUNCES FULL EXERCISE OF UNDERWRITERS' OPTION TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
REUTERS: Twitter Inc said on Tuesday it is updating its privacy policy to allow users to view information they share with the microblogging service and show how its being used, ahead of new regulatory guidelines on European data privacy laws.
Tech companies are under intense scrutiny about how they protect customer data after Facebook Inc was embroiled in a huge scandal where millions of users' data were improperly accessed by a political consultancy.
The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) goes into effect May 25 and is the biggest shake-up of privacy rules since the birth of the internet.
Twitter's privacy update coincides with GDPR's rules. The changes are meant to make the privacy policy visually clear and easy to use, Twitter's Data Protection Officer Damien Kieran wrote in a blog post.
Twitter said it is expanding and revising the privacy policy content to make some legalistic or technical language as clear as possible.
"We think it's absolutely essential that you know exactly what we mean when we refer to location data or data from advertising partners," it said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar, Bernard Orr)
United Airlines reported strong first-quarter earnings Monday but airline executives said the carrier still needs to focus on improving customer service following the forcible removal of a passenger who refused to give up their seat.
Oscar Munoz, chief executive of United Airlines, used the upbeat earnings report taking responsibility for the ugly scene that was recorded by fellow passengers and subsequently viewed by millions worldwide.
“This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company, and we are more determined than ever to put customers at the center of everything we do,” they said in a statement that accompanied the Chicago-based carrier's earnings report.
United posted first-quarter net income of $96 million, or 31 cents a share, down from $313 million, or 88 cents, in the same period last year.
But excluding special items, United earned 41 cents a share, beating an average of 38 cents a share projected by analysts who were surveyed by Thomson Reuters. The special items included $37 million in severance and benefit costs.
First-quarter revenue was $8.4 billion, up 2.7%.
Expenses at the airline increased 7.9% to $8.1 billion largely because of higher fuel and labor costs.
The April 9 incident involving passenger Dr. David Dao of Elizabethtown, Ky., who was dragged out of their seat to make room for United employees, is sure to be discussed Tuesday morning during a conference call with analysts.
Dao suffered a broken nose and a concussion and lost two teeth in the bloody scuffle. Three officers involved in pulling them out of their seat have been suspended from the Chicago Department of Aviation. The names of the officers have not been released.
Dao has hired Chicago lawyer Thomas Demetrio to represent them in what is likely to be a multimillion-dollar lawsuit.
A hearing scheduled for Monday was canceled because United and the city of Chicago “agreed to preserve and protect the evidence requested,” including video and other records, Demetrio said in a statement.
The airline has said it is reviewing its policies around flights where too many tickets have been sold. Results of that review are expected by the end of the month. United already has announced some changes, including requiring United employees traveling for work to book seats at least an hour in advance to avoid displacing customers already onboard an aircraft.
United also said it will not ask law enforcement officers to remove passengers from flights unless it is a matter of safety and security and plans to improve training programs “to ensure our employees are prepared and empowered to put our customers first.”
The airline industry has enjoyed more than two years of exceptionally strong earnings thanks to steady demand for air travel, relatively cheap fuel and a surge in revenue from fees to check bags, upgrade seats and to purchase food, drinks and onboard entertainment.
Analysts have been predicting that airline profits would begin to flatten this year partly because of a slight increase in fuel and labor costs.
Chicago Tribune reporter Laura Zumbach contributed to this report.
hugo.martin@latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries, follow @hugomartin on Twitter.
SEOUL: North Korea used Chinese-made trucks to display missiles at a massive military parade last week, according to photographs released by state media, underlining the difficulty in enforcing U.N. sanctions against the isolated state.
At Saturday's parade to mark the 105th birth anniversary of founder president Kim Il Sung, North Korea displayed six Pukkuksong submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) for the first time, towed behind trucks painted in North Korean navy camouflage.
In the photographs, the logo of Chinese firm Sinotruk can be seen on the vehicles.
Last year, Reuters reported that North Korea was using Sinotruk HOWO trucks to display a new mobile artillery system.
A Sinotruk sales official said on Tuesday they were not aware the company's trucks had been used in this year's parade.
"From my understanding, we haven't had any business with the North Korean market since last year; North Korea has never been a major focus of ours," said the official, who only gave their last name, Gu.
"It may have been from before then and they refitted it themselves."
Since 2006, it has been against United Nations sanctions to ship military hardware into North Korea but control of equipment and vehicles that have "dual-use" military and civilian applications has been far less stringent.
It is also much harder to track.
North Korean state media has in the past released images of Sinotruk chassis and cabins in propaganda related to construction or mining.
A U.N. report which noted the use of the trucks in the display of mobile artillery last year did not name Sinotruk, but said that the Chinese seller had included a "clear clause" in its deal with the North Korean buyer that the trucks were to be for civilian use only.
TIMBER TRUCKS
North Korea also appeared to reveal two new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) during Saturday's parade. One was mounted on a large off-road truck which was identified in an earlier U.N. report as being of Chinese origin.
In a 2010 statement sent to China, North Korea's forestry ministry said the trucks were bought to transport timber, according to the U.N. report.
The second of the two ICBMs was mounted on a North Korean-branded "Taekpaeksan" military truck which used tyres made by China-based Triangle Group, according to photos of the parade seen by Reuters.
Triangle Group, a major tyre manufacturer headquartered in Weihai, a port city in eastern Shandong province, said it was not aware its tyres had been used in the military parade.
"It's possible they were resold from somewhere else," an official from Triangle's export department said.
(Additional reporting by Philip Wen in BEIJING; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — The FDA is proposing to change the amount of nicotine in cigarettes, decreasing it to a point which would decrease the addictive properties.
“This is what I would consider one of the bigger steps that they've taken since they've gained regulatory authority,” said Dr. Richard O'Connor, a professor of oncology.
Doctors at Roswell Park, like Dr. Richard O'Connor, say this move would impact every cigarette sold and smoked.
“If you take it out of cigarettes, in principle, that should make it much easier to quit.”
The doctor says the FDA is seeking feedback from health professionals about changing the regulations. They believe it could be several years until the regulation is enacted and nicotine levels change.
: Days after the Yogi government in Uttar Pradesh declared that all madrasas in the state must celebrate the Independence Day and record the events, Muslims turned up in thousands at the Jantar Mantar on Sunday to say that they have been celebrating the day all this while.Participants at the rally called by Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind said that they are not opposed to showing brotherhood and love among communities, but do not support the recent decisions of Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh government of recording the celebrations in madrasas."Our community had vehemently opposed the partition of Hindustan. We have embraced our nation with love, but now those who are in power want us to record Independence Day celebrations in madrasas. May be they do not know but we have been hoisting the national flag since Independence. You cannot teach us nationalism," said Maulana Mufti, a member of Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind to a large gathering who were chanting 'Hindustan Humara Hai' and 'Hindustan Zindabad'.Jamiat, one of the most prominent Islamic organisations in India was founded in 1919 by Sheikh ul Hind Maulana Mehmood Hasan, Maulana Syed Hussain Mehmood Madani and others. They were one of the key opponents to the idea of colonialism and voiced the idea of a united India.Madani, the first president of the organisation, believed that unity among Hindus and Muslims was essential for India's freedom.The gathering on Sunday witnessed a crowd mostly aged between 20 and 30 years carrying placards with peace messages.Arif Shaikh, a store owner from Delhi's Matia Mahal area, told News18 that such an event only shows that we can all come together to "oppose tyrannical moves of the government"."Why does the government always see us as less patriotic? Just because we have a beard and wear a cap? Why does my religion overshadow my love for the nation? Since this government has come to power, there have been increasing number of attacks on Muslims. There is a vicious environment around. Our love for our Hindu brothers and our nation must defeat this," said Arif Shaikh.One could easily feel a palpable anger in the crowd as most of them felt that although everyone remembers India's freedom struggle, but no one acknowledges the contribution of the Muslims."Soon after the Revolt of 1857 failed, the Ulema who were also a leading force in the mutiny, became the main target of British persecution. Two lakh men and women were martyred at the time. Of these, about 51,200 were Ulema. Five hundred of these Ulema were hanged in Delhi," recollected Shaikh.The Jamiat which gave the slogan of Muttahida Qaumiyat (universal brotherhood) in the face of Muhammad Ali Jinnah's two-nation theory had opposed the partition bid and the idea of Pakistan. Soon, Jamiat faced a split and a section sided with the Muslim League."You need to have freedom to experience India's Independence. If the minorities are forced to come out on the streets to make their voices heard and the government does not pay any heed, then there is some introspection needed," said Manjari Karmarkar, a doctoral candidate at the Delhi University.At the same time, there were constant murmurs at the venue about the recent diktat in Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, which they say could have been the result of the reluctance of Muslims in saying "Vande Mataram".Mehboob Aslam Rahmani, a store owner in Mehrauli, told News18 that the fear of being "beaten up if they one does not say Jai Hind needs to be addressed at the earliest"."We sing our national anthem and chant Jai Hind the loudest, but we do not say Vande Mataram because it means worship the land which is our mother. In Islam, we cannot worship anyone except the Almighty, hence this reluctance. But that does not mean we do not love India. We have bled for our country and will sacrifice our lives for Hindustan again," said Rahmani.The 'Aman March' is being organised across all major cities with the district and state level mosque heads addressing the population.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt has made six changes to the starting 15 ahead of Saturday's Japan clash at Shizuoka's Ecopa Stadium, the second of the three-match summer tour.
REUTERS: Ireland coach Joe Schmidt has made six changes to the starting 15 ahead of Saturday's Japan clash at Shizuoka's Ecopa Stadium, the second of the three-match summer tour.
Andrew Conway, Rory Scannell, Luke McGrath and Dan Leavy will feature in the starting 15 for the first time on the tour, following last weekend's 55-19 win over the United States.
Keith Earls was moved to the left wing to include Conway in an all-Munster back-three alongside Simon Zebo, who returns at full-back.
In a new centre combination, the 23-year-old Scannell will team up with Garry Ringrose, while former Ireland Under-20 team-mates McGrath and Paddy Jackson fill the half-back spots.
Ulster lock Kieran Treadwell and Leinster's Rory O'Loughlin are in line for their debut from the bench alongside James Tracy, Dave Kilcoyne, Finlay Bealham, Jack O'Donoghue, Kieran Marmion and Tiernan O'Halloran.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ireland: 15-Simon Zebo, 14-Andrew Conway, 13-Garry Ringrose, 12-Rory Scannell, 11-Keith Earls, 10-Paddy Jackson, 9-Luke McGrath, 8-Jack Conan, 7-Dan Leavy, 6-Rhys Ruddock, 5-Devin Toner, 4-Quinn Roux, 3-John Ryan, 2-Niall Scannell, 1-Cian Healy.
Replacements: 16-James Tracy, 17-Dave Kilcoyne, 18-Finlay Bealham, 19-Kieran Treadwell, 20-Jack O'Donoghue, 21-Kieran Marmion, 22-Rory O'Loughlin, 23-Tiernan O'Halloran.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
The President of France, Emmanuel Macron, on Wednesday pledged the commitment of their government and people of France to develop infrastructure in key sector in Lagos State.
Macron made the pledge while unveiling the Alliance Francaise, a French Cultural Centre in Ikoyi, Lagos, built in collaboration with a Nigerian business mogul, Chief Mike Adenuga.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Macron is on an official visit to Nigeria.
“Mr Governor, we spoke yesterday (Tuesday) while going to the shrine and on our way to this place, Alliance Francaise.
“But at the end of it all, I realised that both offices did share same views that we can do tremendous things together.
“Lagos is one of the challenges of, not only Nigeria, but Africa.
“This huge city is a tremendous challenge about how to make people live together in peace and better society; I want France to be part of this story.
“I do want my country and citizens to be part of this experience, which means sharing same values, cultures, languages, literature, music, movies, projects, common economic projects, among others,” Macron said.
They said that the development of the French Cultural Centre was part of the measures to scale up the relationship between France and Nigeria.
“I see the Alliance Francaise as a commitment aimed at making the friendship between both countries, who have different cultures, but vivid and vibrant as well as lifting barriers that have existed between both cultures.
“The common space we have is not linked to language or country.
“We are different people; but we share same values and it is precisely this common values we want to convey.
“The Alliance Francaise is one of the best illustrations of this commitment,” Macron said.
Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos State, Prof. Wole Soyinka and members of the Lagos State Executive Council were among the dignitaries who attended the event.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from their three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to them is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from their three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to them is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). Craig Hotshots firefighters take a break from battling the Weston Pass Fire, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more ...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). The Weston Pass Fire threatens homes along Highway 285, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more than a half-dozen wil...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this undated photo provided by Darren Lewis is where they and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at a cabin in the Utah wilderness built nearly 50 years ago by their father and uncle, near Strawberry Reservoir...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). A helicopter transports water to contain the Weston Pass Fire, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more than a half-do...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
By COLLEEN SLEVIN
Associated Press
DENVER (AP) - A growing wildfire destroyed more than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains, while other blazes across the parched U.S. West kept hundreds of other homes under evacuation orders and derailed holiday plans.
Authorities announced late Monday that a fire near Fort Garland, about 205 miles (330 kilometers) southwest of Denver, had destroyed 104 homes in a mountain housing development started by multimillionaire publisher Malcolm Forbes in the 1970s. The damage toll could rise because the burn area is still being surveyed.
Tamara Estes' family cabin, which their parents had built in 1963 using wood and rocks from the land, was among the homes destroyed.
"I think it's sinking in more now. But we're just crying," they said. "My grandmother's antique dining table and their hutch are gone."
"It was a sacred place to us," they added.
Andy and Robyn Kuehler watched flames approach their cabin via surveillance video from their primary residence in Nebraska.
"We just got confirmation last night that the house was completely gone. It's ... a very sickening feeling watching the fire coming towards the house," the couple wrote in an email Tuesday.
The blaze, labeled the Spring Fire, is one of six large wildfires burning in Colorado and is the largest at 123 square miles (318 square kilometers) - about five times the size of Manhattan. While investigators believe it was started by a spark from a fire pit, other fires, like one that began burning in wilderness near Fairplay, were started by lightning.
Nearly 60 large, active blazes are burning across the West, including nine in New Mexico and six each in Utah and California, according to the National Interagency Fire Center.
In Utah, authorities have evacuated 200 to 300 homes because of a growing wildfire near a popular fishing reservoir southeast of Salt Lake City amid hot temperatures and high winds. Several structures have been lost since the fire started Sunday, but it's unclear how many, said Jason Curry of the Utah Division of Forest, Fire and State Lands.
Darren Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at a cabin built nearly 50 years ago by their father and uncle in a wilderness area nestled between canyons and near a mountain river.
Instead, Lewis and their family will spend the holiday nervously waiting to hear if a half-century of family memories go up in smoke because of the fire, which has grown to 47 square miles (122 square kilometers).
"There are a lot of history and memories that go into this cabin," said Lewis, 44, of Magna, Utah. "The cabin we could rebuild, but the trees that we love would be gone. We're just hoping that the wind blows the other way."
Meanwhile, a wind-fueled wildfire in Northern California that continues to send a thick layer of smoke and ash south of San Francisco was threatening more than 900 buildings.
The massive blaze was choking skies with ash and smoke, prompting some officials to cancel Fourth of July fireworks shows and urge people to stay indoors to protect themselves from the unhealthy air.
At least 2,500 people have been told to evacuate as the so-called County Fire continues to spread, said Anthony Brown, a spokesperson with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
Brown said the blaze, which started Saturday and is surging through rugged terrain northwest of Sacramento, has grown to 113 square miles (294 square kilometers) amid hot and dry weather expected throughout the day. It was 15 percent contained Tuesday.
"The weather is better than what we had over the weekend. But it's still hampering our efforts and it's an area of concern," they said.
So far this year, wildfires have burned 4,200 square miles in the United States, according to the fire center. That's a bit below last year's acreage to date - which included the beginning of California's devastating fire season - but above the 10-year average of 3,600 square miles.
Because of the Independence Day holiday, authorities are also concerned about the possibility of campfires or fireworks starting new fires because of the dry, hot conditions. In Colorado, many communities have canceled firework displays, and a number of federal public lands and counties have some degree of fire restrictions in place, banning things like campfires or smoking outdoors.
In Arizona, large swaths of national forests and state trust land have been closed since before Memorial Day. Some cities have canceled fireworks displays because of extreme fire danger.
In New Mexico, all or part of three national forests remain closed because of the threat of wildfire, putting a damper on holiday camping plans. The forests that are open have strict rules, especially when it comes to fireworks.
"We're just urging people to use extreme caution," said Wendy Mason, a spokesperson for the New Mexico State Forestry Division. "We want people to have fun and enjoy themselves, but we prefer they leave the fireworks shows to the professionals."
____
Associated Press writers Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City; Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; Olga R. Rodriguez in San Francisco; Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona; and Alina Hartounian in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BOSTON: Geoffrey Kirui and Edna Kiplagat led a Kenyan clean sweep at the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday (Apr 17), both timing late bursts to perfection to claim the men's and women's races of the prestigious event.
Kirui, 24, produced a devastating sprint with four miles to go to settle an enthralling tactical battle with American rival Galen Rupp, the 2016 Olympic bronze medallist.
Kirui waved and smiled as they took the tape in a time of 2hr 9min 37sec, with Rupp finishing in second.
It was a masterful performance from the young Kenyan, who made their move with a 4:52 mile at the 22-mile mark that saw them pull clear of Rupp.
Rupp battled desperately to stay in touch but was unable to respond as Kirui kept the pace up to leave the Oregon-based American in second in 2:09:58. Japan's Suguru Osako was third in 2:10:28.
Kirui's time was well outside the world marathon record of 2:02:57 set by Kenya's Dennis Kimetto in Berlin in 2014.
Kirui later revealed they had pulled clear of Rupp after deciding to "test" their own finishing power.
"I saw they (Rupp) was a strong guy. Not easy," Kirui said. "So I tried to push a little bit to test myself. And I saw that they had not come with me, so I pushed a little bit more."
Kirui said they now planned to concentrate on marathon running after failing to find success in track events. "I tried many times in the track but I see my future in marathon," they said.
In the women's race, Kiplagat conjured a similarly decisive burst over the closing stages to claim the race for the first time.
The 2011 and 2013 world marathon champion took the tape in 2:21:52 after breaking away from the field with around eight miles to go.
Kiplagat, 37, was greeted by their children and family members as they crossed the line.
Rose Chelimo, the Kenyan-born runner who now represents Bahrain, was second in 2:22:51 while Jordan Hasay of the United States was third in 2:23:00.
The Kenyan double came as a welcome boost for the East African superpower of long-distance running. Kenyan athletics was left reeling earlier this month after news that Kenya's 2016 Olympic women's marathon champion Jemima Sumgong had failed a drugs test.
Sumgong's drug test was another black eye for Kenyan distance running. Sumgong's former training partner, the 2014 Chicago and Boston Marathon champion Rita Jeptoo, is serving a four-year ban after also testing positive for EPO.
Kenya was last year admonished by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), which accused the country of non-compliance with its anti-doping code.
The Boston Marathon is the world's oldest annual marathon and one of the most prestigious races over the distance on the athletics calendar.
ALTON | “The Complete Works of Shakespeare (abridged) [revised]” by Adam Long, Daniel Singer, and Jess
Winfield will be performed by the professional theater company of Bankside Repertory Theatre Company at Jacoby Arts Center, 627 E. Broadway.
Performances begin at 7:30; doors open at 7 p.m. June 21-23 and June 28-30. Tickets are $10 for students, $15 for Thursday, and $20 for Friday and Saturday. Purchase tickets in advance online or at the door. Parking is available on the gravel lot next door. A cash bar will be open. The event is sponsored by WBGZ 94.3.
John J. O'Hagan, Jack Dearborn and Lici Steele will be shot straight out of the Bard's canon to explain it all. The evening will be a Ham(let)-fisted mashup of 40 plays and 153 sonnets. Three performers take the audience through just about everything ever written by “Will the Quill.”
The performance is not for sensitive younger audience members, the faint of heart or stuffy traditionalists. “You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll howl, you'll cry again ... from laughter!” a press release states.
Jacoby Arts Center, 627 E. Broadway, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday to Saturday, noon to 4 p.m. Sunday, and closed Monday and Tuesday. For more information, visit the website or call (618) 462-5222.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
NEW YORK: Boeing Co warned employees on Monday it planned another round of involuntary layoffs that would affect hundreds of engineers at its commercial airplanes unit, according to a source and a memo seen by Reuters.
The latest job cuts followed a prior involuntary reduction of 245 workers set for May 19 as the company responded to increasing competition and slowing aircraft sales.
The additional layoffs are due to start June 23, according to the memo from John Hamilton, vice president of engineering at Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
"We are moving forward with a second phase of involuntary layoffs for some select skills in Washington state and other enterprise locations," the memo said. "We anticipate this will impact hundreds of engineering employees. Additional reductions in engineering later this year will be driven by our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition."
Boeing's airplane unit eliminated several hundred engineers through voluntary redundancies announced in January and March.
In a statement, the aerospace and defense company said the extra job cuts would include managers and executives and be achieved through a combination of attrition, voluntary layoffs and in some cases involuntary layoffs.
"In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements," the statement said.
It was not immediately clear whether workers at Boeing's Dreamliner factory in South Carolina would be affected.
(Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrew Hay)
Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Services (FIRS), Babatunde Fowler, has said the collation of tax defaulters following the expiration of the Voluntary Assets Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) policy on June 30, has begun.
According to Fowler, the lists of defaulters would be released tentatively by middle of July this year.
They gave these indications after a session with the Federal Executive Council (FEC), chaired by President Muhammadu Buhari.
“Where they had briefed the Council on the ratification of automatic exchange of information with other countries.
The FIRS Boss also cleared the air on multiple taxation in the country, saying there was no case of multiple taxation in the country as was being speculated.
On the VAIDS policy, Fowler said, “The response has been very good. We are collating all the figures both at the federal levels and the states levels and I believe that by the middle of July, we should be able to tell the nation the exact progress in terms of the numbers that have declared, amount that have been paid and amount that is going to be paid instalmentally.”
They said those who refused to take advantage of the grace given by the Voluntary Assets Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) policy, which expired at the end of last month, would be made to pay their taxes alongside the required penalties.
They equally said VAIDS expired on June 30th and anyone who has not come forth by now to declare their or their asset all the legal means to make sure that we bring them to book and make sure that they pay the appropriate tax with interests and penalties will be implemented.
On alleged multiple taxation by government agencies, Fowler said “Let me say once again that we do not really have a situation of multiple taxation. You only have multiple taxation when you pay the same tax to different tiers of government.
“What we have found out is that a lot of people categorize any payment to government as a tax. For example if you receive fine, a penalty they call it a tax.
“If you pay for the parking space, they call it a tax. Those are the things you refer to as user charges and not taxes.”
On why they appeared before FEC, they said “I was here today to attend the meeting with the Minister of Finance to ratify the automatic exchange of information.
“Basically what this means is that Nigeria as a country exchange financial information with other member countries which hopefully should improve our revenues and also ensure that all Nigerians that do have investments or businesses or incomes abroad will pay their taxes as at and when due.”
They told State House Correspondents that government encourages the people to pay their taxes voluntarily.
“The federal government has through the ministry of information and also through the office of the Vice President have been talking about the different projects that have been financed with tax revenues and I think as Nigerians begin to see those dividends of democracy, very good spending, people will be more encouraged to pay more taxes,” Fowler added.
Commentary (West Indies innings)
2.3 Abu Jayed to Brathwaite, No run. 8/0
2.2 Abu Jayed to Smith, Coming in with the natural around the wicket angle, tucked calmly around the corner for a run. 8/0
2.1 Abu Jayed to D Smith, Well played! Slightly overpitched outside off, Smith drives it from the toe end of their bat past Mushfiqur Rahim at extra cover. They chase it and keeps it down to a couple. 7/0
1.6 R Hossain to Brathwaite, In the channel outside off, Kraigg lets it go. A maiden for Hossain but nothing fiery in the over! 5/0
1.5 R Hossain to Brathwaite, A touch fuller in length, kept out watchfully. 5/0
1.4 R Hossain to K Brathwaite, Edged but safe! Good length ball outside off, Brathwaite shuffles across in order to defend it but gets it off the outer half towards third slip. The key was that they played it with soft hands. 5/0
1.3 R Hossain to Brathwaite, A big grunt from Hossain as they land this on a length but the line is well outside off. Brathwaite doesn't flirt with it. 5/0
1.2 R Hossain to Brathwaite, Outside off, moving away a touch. Kraigg points their bat skywards to let it be. 5/0
1.1 R Hossain to Brathwaite, Good length ball outside off, no real movement on that occasion. Brathwaite taps it towards point. 5/0
Rubel Hossain to share the new ball from the other end.
0.6 Abu Jayed to Smith, Full ball attacking the stumps, Smith turns it towards fine leg. Some aggressive batting between the wickets allows the batsmen to come back for a couple. 5 from the first over. 5/0
0.5 Abu Jayed to Smith, Back of a length ball around off, played with an open bat face to point. 3/0
0.4 Abu Jayed to Smith, Full delivery but it is down the leg side, Devon tries to flick it away but the ball brushes their pads and flies behind. Nurul dives to their right but fails to gather it cleanly. 3/0
0.3 Abu Jayed to Smith, Seems like the debutant is a skiddy customer! They come around the wicket to the left-hander and bowls a fuller length ball on off. Smith stays back and clips it through backward square leg for a couple to get going. 3/0
0.2 Abu Jayed to Brathwaite, Brathwaite and Windies are away! Back of a length ball around off, Kraigg punches it through covers for a single. 1/0
0.1 Abu Jayed to Brathwaite, Starts off with a length ball well outside off, Brathwaite doesn't fiddle with it. 0/0
First Published: July 4, 2018, 7:31 PM IST
Despite the generally upbeat mood by the Cebu City Hall administration on last Friday's approval of the P5.69-billion additional budget for the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT), there are at least two more obstacles standing in the way for the full implementation of the project.
One is the finalized list of property owners who will be affected by the project that will be covered by an ordinance from the Cebu City Council. The said ordinance was authored by Councilor Joel Garganera, an acknowledged administration critic.
ADVERTISEMENT
Aside from claiming that there were property owners who complained to them that they were not included in the initial list, Garganera was apparently waiting on whether the BRT's approval will be finalized after Presidential Assistant for the Visayas Michael Dino managed to raise enough noise to fuel their lobbying for the BRT's replacement with their proposed Cebu LRT-subway project.
It doesn't take much imagination to know — especially if one knows the local political landscape — that Garganera and other Team Rama/Barug Team Rama members are politically aligned and have mobilized support from barangay officials across the city to delay the BRT's implementation.
The other obstacle, if it can be called that, lies in the final approval of the National Economic and Development Authority (Neda) Board chaired by President Rodrigo Duterte.
Unless Dino manages to convince President Duterte to suspend, cancel or review the BRT project the same way they convinced Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia to call for the suspension of the BRT project — and it is the President who has the final say — the BRT can proceed full steam ahead.
And the city government is already laying out the initial works for the project, including sending out the notices for the property owners to be affected by the project.
The first obstacle can be remedied perhaps by having another councilor allied with the administration come out with another ordinance to finalize the list of property owners.
Owing to their numbers, the councilors would likely win. The Neda Board approval is something else, and both sides will likely lobby for the President's attention to ensure approval of or rejection of the BRT.
It's difficult, if not downright impossible, to speculate what the President thinks and will decide on, but we would like to believe that the arguments for the continued and sustained implementation of the BRT project definitely far outweighs the arguments for its suspension and outright implementation in favor of another project that would take at least a decade to study and build and cause further agony to Cebu City commuters who already have their fill of traffic congestion.
And just who will fund the Cebu LRT-subway project? Both sides say the public deserves to know, but, right now, the BRT project's fate lies in President Duterte's hands.
In the latest installment of the ongoing saga of Russia-based cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab and the U.S. government, the company has a new date with Congress. Rescheduling a hearing originally set for last week, the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology has set a new hearing for October 25, Reuters reports.
News of the rescheduled hearing comes a day after the company was linked to successful Russian efforts to hack the NSA, though the Kaspersky software in question could have itself been hacked through a vulnerability.
Kaspersky Lab founder Eugene Kaspersky was expected to appear in the previous hearing, and it sounds like he'll probably plan on being there in late October to defend their company in their own words.
“I look forward to hearing from the committee and having the opportunity to address their concerns directly,” Kaspersky said in a statement to TechCrunch.
I'm a recovery ally. I support recovery from addiction through all known pathways. My efforts are personal and professional. Experience has shown me countless times that grassroots efforts are our greatest hope for reducing rates of addiction, but we're not yet sufficiently coming together.
I quickly tire of rhetoric from politicians and self-appointed experts. (can someone look in on the Community Health Leadership Board and tell us what's going on with the $15,460 y'all raised months ago, and what the plan is to involve folks who aren't CEOs?)
Their “circle of caring” died as a feel-good measure that accomplished almost nothing. As my friends in recovery say, at some point, “You have to get out of the problem and into the solution.”
I want to be a catalyst for change and so I promote what I see as solutions, pragmatically, spiritually, and morally.
I propose starting with this: “The enemy of my enemy is my friend.” It's an ancient adage that dictates that despite our differences, we can easily come together against a common foe.
There is no greater threat to our communities than the disease of addiction. There is no better solution than for us to start being communities again. We've all heard our elders bemoan the loss of neighborhoods. We blame electronics and social media but regardless of what the cause is, the solution is the same: Let's get together.
Solution: The best way to reduce addiction is to invest in every child you meet. That means mentoring. That means offering more rec opportunities and more in the arts (more of everything that ISN'T sports). That means we check on our kids (Hint: they're ALL our kids, especially the ones who seem tougher to love) and provide what they need locally. Truer words than these were never written:
“It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.” – Frederick Douglass
Spiritually we need to come together. You'll sooner see me in the basement of a church than a congregation but I wanna talk about connection and peace and all that good stuff because I'm convinced of this:
We're here to love one another. And in the end, relationships and experiences are all that matter. Truer words than these were never sung:
“You don't know me but I'm your brother.” – The Doobie Brothers
I've been watching and waiting for our religious leaders to join us in the trenches. I know a lot of you are out there doing what you can within your parish to help your own and maybe some neighbors. Your efforts are beautiful, but what if we come together with other churches and even include the spiritual heathens like me?
Solutions: Google “Inter faith coalitions” That's political, social, and economic power that creates lasting positive change.
Moral Solutions: My friend Bob Fickett was publicly asked “What do people in active addiction need most?” Their answer was simple brilliance. Bob summed it up in one word, “Empathy.”
Even if you've never experienced or had a close up view of addiction, if you've been through any version of hell, then you have the capacity for empathy. If you've ever felt pain to the core of your being, or carried grief so deep you can feel it in your bones, then you have a lot to give.
Simple solutions: Check on your neighbor. Make eye contact with folks. Ask your coworkers how they're doing and really, really listen. Can we give some time and some hugs? If you need one, come by my place (235 Center Street Brewer business hours Monday through Friday). Catch me on the hour between clients and I'll hug you (hugs are hugely underrated).
Education: We're not even scratching the surface of telling kids the truth about what's out there and what it leads to. I've been thrilled to see some local efforts initiated by teens who know that what they don't know can and will hurt them.
Each of us have the capacity and opportunities to be catalysts for change. Let's share our ideas and resources. Let's play matchmaker for social problems by talking about what we have to give and what we need. My brothers and sisters at the Bangor Area Recovery Network (B.A.R.N.) are leading some pretty great efforts in that direction and my heroes in the halls of AA and NA are the foremost experts.
Connect with BARN here and attend an open meeting of AA or NA by googling “AA/NA meeting (your town)” attend an “open meeting” and learn more about recovery and what works.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
WASHINGTON — President Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25% tariff on imported steel, and a 10% tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But they granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
Europe has been bracing for the U.S. to place the restrictions even as top European officials have held last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to try to avert the tariffs.
“Realistically, I do not think we can hope” to avoid either U.S. tariffs or quotas on steel and aluminum, said Cecilia Malmstrom, the European Union's trade commissioner. Even if the U.S. were to agree to waive the tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, Malmstrom said, “I expect them nonetheless to want to impose some sort of cap on EU exports.”
European officials said they expected the U.S. to announce its final decision Thursday. The people familiar with the talks said Trump could make an announcement as early as Thursday.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross attended meetings at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris on Wednesday, and U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer joins discussions in Paris on Thursday.
The U.S. plan has raised the threat of retaliation from Europe and fears of a global trade war – a prospect that is already weighing on investor confidence and could hinder the global economic upturn.
If the U.S. moves forward with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return. French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire pledged that the European response would be “united and firm.”
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of national security.
“Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing,” French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
More: European Union tells President Trump to stop threatening it with tariffs and negotiate
Related: Trump calls for new tariffs on imported cars and trucks, escalating trade wars
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: “These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. … One can think about making voters happy by saying, ‘I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'”
But Macron said those “who waged bilateral trade wars … saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment.”
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
“There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs,” they said. They noted that “China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate.”
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being “constructive” and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
“We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly,” they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying “the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence” and tariffs “would negatively influence investment and jobs.”
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Broken Arrow Police have met with a woman who was reported missing with a man who has a history of domestic violence. They say 29-year-old Morgan Rower is safe.
There were 307 head sold on Friday (June 29th)with quality cattle a good trade.
Lighter stores and plainer stock were an easier trade.
110 weanlings sold to £1145 for a 430k Charolais male, £715 over its weight, from Downpatrick (262p/k).
16 Charolais males and females from this farm saw 380k at £900 or 237p/k, 298k at £790 or 265p/k, 310k at £815 or 263p/k, 330k at £840 or 255p/k.
Bullocks cleared up to £,1100 for a 534k Charolais.
Friesians bullocks sold to £975 for 580k.
Suckler cows sold to £1,400, breeding bulls to £1,180 and fat cows to £990 for 660k.
Young sturks in the dropped calf section sold to £450 for a Limousin bull from Leapoges.
Young calves sold to £365 for a Hillsborough farmer.
DROPPED CALVES
Leapoges farmer: £450. Seaforde farmer: £365. Hillsborough farmer: £345, £335 and £310. Clough farmer: Aberdeen Angus bull £310. Brague farmer: Belgian Blue bull £290. Loughbrickland farmer: Limousin bull £280. Seaforde farmer: Limousin bull £280, Limousin heifers £250 and £210.
WEANLINGS
Downpatrick farmer: 16 Charolais 430k at £1,145, 364k at £835, 330k at £840, 374k at £830, 382k at £820, 410k at £830, 298k at £790. Annalong farmer: 424k at £860, 400k at £840, 388k at £760. Leitrim farmer: 406k at £835, 420k at £820, 404k at £800, 404k at £790 etc. Sheeptown farmer: 272k at £655. Katesbridge farmer: 286k at £580.
BULLOCKS
Rathfriland farmer: 534k at £1,100, 456k at £1,040. Kilkeel farmer: 464k at £1,000, 500k at £990, 454k at £960, 466k at £925, 478k at £910. Dromara farmer: 306k at £660, 280k at £520, 350k at £600.
Friesian bullocks: 622k at £1,045, 560k at £970, 580k at £975, 578k at £860, 644k at £925, 598k at £860, 317k at £500, 288k at £450 etc.
1,300 sheep on Tuesday evening saw 1,000 lambs sell to £96 with a consistent but slightly easier trade.
However, there were lighter lambs in the entry.
300 fat ewes were a great trade to a top of £107 for a Ballynahinch farmer.
LAMBS
Poyntzpass farmer: 29k at £96. Ballyroney farmer: 27.4k at £95. Ballymacarn farmer: 25.9k at £95. Ballynahinch farmer: 27k at £95. Kilcoo farmer: 24k at £94. Ballynafern farmer: 24.2k at £94. Katesbridge farmer: 24.3k at £94. Dromara farmer: 25k at £94. Tanvalley farmer: 24k at £94. Annalong farmer: 21.8k at £86.
FAT EWES
Ballynahinch farmer: £107. Bryansford farmer: £100. Gransha farmer: £99. Downpatrick farmer: £92. Hilltown farmer: £90. Cullion farmer: £90. Lurgan farmer: £98. Cullion farmer: £87. Grallagh farmer: £85. Drumlough farmer: £85.
Robby Müller in The Believers (1987)
Robby Müller, legendary director of photography for Wim Wenders and Jim Jarmusch, died Wednesday morning in Amsterdam. They were 78 years old. According to Dutch publication Het Parool, they had long been suffering from vascular dementia.
Born in Curacao, Müller moved to Amsterdam, where they studied at the Netherlands Film Academy from 1962 to 1964. After working on various short films throughout the '60s, they later connected with director Wim Wenders for their feature film debut, 1970's Summer in the City, which would tip off a long working relationship that included 1974's Alice in the Cities, 1976's Kings of the Road, 1977's The American Friend, and 1984's Paris, Texas.
By the mid to late '70s, Müller was already working with a range of esteemed filmmakers, from Hans W. Geißendörfer (The Wild Duck, The Glass Cell) to Peter Bogdanovich (Saint Jack, They All Laughed) to Alex Cox (Repo Man) to William Friedkin (To Live and Die in LA). They would also build a similar long-standing relationship with Jim Jarmusch, starting with 1986's Down by the Law and continuing until 2003's Coffee and Cigarettes.
Other notable collaborations included Lars von Trier (Breaking the Waves, Dancer in the Dark), Michael Winterbottom (24 Hour Party People), Sally Potter (The Tango Lesson), and John Schlesinger (The Believers).
Today, Jarmusch paid their respects to their longtime friend on Twitter:
We have lost the remarkable, brilliant & irreplaceable Robby Müller. I love them so very much. They taught me so many things, & without him, I don't think I would know anything about filmmaking. R.I.P. my dear friend Robby #RobbyMüller — Jim Jarmusch (@JimJarmusch) July 4, 2018
Müller is survived by their wife Andrea and their son.
HOLLAND, N.Y. (WIVB) – A hunter was arrested by Erie County Sheriff's deputies Sunday after a deer slug struck a South Main Street residence.
Lukas Cetkovic, 23, of West Seneca, was charged with reckless endangerment and reckless endangerment of property.
According to sheriff's reports, a resident at the house described hearing a loud noise, and then discovered a metal slug on the kitchen floor around 11 a.m. Sunday.
Sheriff's deputies located a set of footprints in the snow and followed the footprints to another residence on the same street, where they encountered three individuals including Cetkovic. Cetkovic stated that they fired multiple shots from their shotgun.
The Sheriff's Office contacted New York State Department of Environment and Conservation. DEC officers are assisting in the investigation and DEC charges may be added.
Cetkovic was released on appearance tickets returnable to Town of Holland Court.
Neymar insists their Paris Saint-Germain career is just getting started as the runaway French league leaders prepare for a crucial stretch of matches that will likely define their season.
PSG go to struggling Lille on Saturday, exactly six months on from Neymar's world-record transfer from Barcelona, with the Brazilian superstar bidding to add to their overall haul of 26 goals from 24 matches.
“I wasn't expecting this at the beginning, these statistics with Paris Saint-Germain. But I'm here to help the team and my teammates and to try and do better each day, in each match, and that's the most important thing,” Neymar told PSG TV.
“It's not my objective to be the team's main player, the lad who gets the most assists or scores the most goals. I just want to play my own football, that's how it is, I want to make things happen.”
Neymar followed up a four-goal performance in an 8-0 win over Dijon with a brace in last weekend's 4-0 rout of Montpellier, and despite constant speculation about their future, they are adamant there is much more to come in Paris.
“It's just the beginning,” said the 25-year-old, who scored the club's 2000th goal at the Parc des Princes against Montpellier.
“Making history with this club is an important thing for a player. That's why I came here. To make history and help PSG progress.”
After Saturday's trip north, PSG visit second-tier Sochaux in the French Cup and then host Toulouse in Ligue 1 before all eyes turn to the first leg of their Champions League last-16 clash with holders Real Madrid in Spain on February 14.
Lille, the French champions in 2011, are just one place above the bottom three after a tumultuous first half of the campaign that resulted in an acrimonious divorce between the club and mercurial Argentine coach Marcelo Bielsa.
– The race for second –
While PSG continue their inexorable march towards a fifth title in six years, the battle for second place intensifies this weekend as Lyon host defending champions Monaco on Sunday.
It will be the second meeting in 10 days after Lyon dumped Monaco out in the last of 32 of the French Cup following a 3-2 victory at the Stade Louis II.
But after six wins in seven league outings, Lyon slumped to a 3-1 defeat last time out on what was Gustavo Poyet's debut as Bordeaux coach having replaced the sacked Jocelyn Gourvennec.
Monaco sealed a return to the French League Cup final on Wednesday as Radamel Falcao struck twice in a 2-0 defeat of Montpellier to set up a rematch against last year's winners PSG.
“He (Falcao) hadn't scored in three games but everyone knows he's a big player and all players know there are times when they don't score,” said Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim.
“Now we have time to think about the final, we will prepare better for the final than last season,” they added, after seeing their side thrashed 4-1 by PSG a year ago.
Marseille, who are level on 48 points with Lyon after Sunday's 2-2 home draw with Monaco, will look for a fifth league win in six when they host bottom-of-the-table Metz on Friday.
Fixtures (all times 1900 GMT unless stated)
Friday
Marseille v Metz (1945)
Saturday
Lille v Paris Saint-Germain (1600), Amiens v Saint-Etienne, Montpellier v Angers, Nice v Toulouse, Strasbourg v Bordeaux
Sunday
Rennes v Guingamp (1400), Caen v Nantes (1600), Monaco v Lyon (2000)
Troyes v Dijon – postponed to February 20 due to floods
Allowing oil drilling in Alaska sets a dangerous precedent
Posted by Hannah Davis on December 12, 2017 · Leave a Comment
The United States Senate recently passed a catastrophic tax bill. Some highlights include adding $1 trillion to the national debt, astronomical loss of health insurance and making higher education even more unattainable.
As if that's not already bad enough, this bill also contains a proposal to allow oil drilling in 1.5 million acres of some of the United States' most pristine land in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska.
Drilling would impact almost every single aspect of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, from its unique role as a benchmark for scientific study to its ecological and evolutionary processes. In fact, the refuge would be rife with cumulative impacts such as disturbances in the wildlife, decreased biodiversity (and thus a less resilient ecological system) and an increased industrial footprint.
In this case, the area that is under review for drilling is more than 30 miles from the end of the closest pipeline, as well as over 50 miles away from the nearest oil support facilities. This means that if the drilling were to come to fruition, the impact would stretch much farther than just the actual drilling site. Additionally, oil's natural occurrence is rarely in the form of one convenient field; it is far more likely to be spread out in small pockets throughout the geologic formation. This means the construction of multiple production sites and associated infrastructure for travel between all of them.
This extensive drilling is bound to have numerous ecological consequences. Wildlife populations would be blocked or deflected, and hunting opportunities for every organism would be lost. Natural drainage patterns would change, leading to a loss of vital vegetation. Inevitable oil and fuel spills will contaminate the water and soil, and the local pollutant haze and acid rain from nitrogen oxides, methane and particulate matter would drastically change the environment.
In a letter written this November to Senators Murkowski and Cantwell, almost 40 scientists urged the protection of the coastal plain. They detailed the significant impact that drilling would have on the surrounding ecological systems, including the deterioration of habitat for already threatened and vulnerable polar bears. Additionally, reproductive success of caribou would be negatively affected by the industrial sprawl.
As if the inherent worth of a pristine ecosystem wasn't reason enough, drilling in the Arctic Refuge would not alleviate pressures from the energy sector, financial deficit or job industry. The amount of oil thought to be available for drilling under the coastal plain will amount to less than one percent of the total national oil production. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries could just as easily reduce its total production by the same amount that the drilling in the Arctic Refuge would contribute, thereby eliminating any effect there might be on oil pricing. The USGS Arctic National Wildlife Refuge Petroleum Assessment estimates the mean value of technically recoverable oil to be approximately 7.7 billion barrels, which is just over the amount used by the United States in one year. Not to mention consumption of those 7.7 billion barrels of oil will add up to approximately 3,311,000,000 metric tons of extra carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere. This one year's worth of production is simply not worth the environmental impacts that will last so much longer.
Finally, drilling in the Arctic Wildlife National Refuge sets a dangerous precedent for the future. If we drill in what is quite clearly designated as a wildlife refuge now, what is to stop us from drilling in other protected areas in the future? Beloved national parks could suddenly be at risk for drilling.
There are numerous renewable energy alternatives to drilling for oil. Renewable energy is more reliable than fossil fuels, and far less invasive. Theoretically speaking, resources like solar energy, geothermal, water, biomass and wind are limitless; as long as the earth continues to exist the way it has for the entirety of human history, we will have access to power. Additionally, since we don't have to combust renewable energy to make it usable, carbon emissions will be significantly reduced.
If we try, we can still prevent this. But we need to act swiftly and strongly. Call your representatives, protest, march — this is a call to action! Help to preserve what little wilderness we have left.
Hannah Davis is a Collegian contributor and can be reached at hannahdavis@umass.edu.
Neymar insists leaving Barcelona for Paris St Germain will not be the death of their career after making an instant impact for their new club.
The Brazil forward marked their first game since completing a world-record 222million euro (£200.6million) move with a goal and an assist as PSG cruised to a 3-0 win at Guingamp.
Some critics have argued that leaving Barcelona for Ligue 1 is a step down, but the 25-year-old is happy with their decision.
"I knew it would be very difficult to leave Barça but I am very happy to be here," they said in quotes reported by L'equipe,
"People think that you die after leaving Barça, but no, it's the opposite. I'm more alive than ever, I play, I'm very happy. The country, the city and the team change, but football is the same."
After Jordan Ikoko's own goal gave PSG a 52nd-minute lead, Neymar brilliantly set up Edinson Cavani to make it 2-0 before opening their account for the club with a simple close-range finish with eight minutes left.
Neymar believes they and their team-mates can only get better.
"It's always important to score, and I hope to score more, but I want to help the team win even more, first and foremost," they told their new club's website.
"We played well, scored goals and we're satisfied with the game. We linked up well on the pitch, we're going to continue getting to know each other. There are quality players, it's a great team.
"I knew (Cavani) was a top, top player and that we would have an understanding. We are continuing to get to know each other, but it's easy to play with them and Angel (Di Maria).
"We're going to keep getting better."
PSG boss Unai Emery was pleased with their new signing's start to life in the French capital.
They told psg.fr: "He's a great player. Great players always find each other and are happy to play together. There are a lot of them in this team.
"We put in the great performance we wanted to."
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
French technology consulting firm Atos offered to buy Gemalto for 4.3 billion euros (US$5.06 billion) on Monday to boost its cybersecurity services as states and big corporations seek to cope with a growing number of attacks on the Internet worldwide.
PARIS: French technology consulting firm Atos offered to buy Gemalto for 4.3 billion euros (US$5.06 billion) on Monday to boost its cybersecurity services as states and big corporations seek to cope with a growing number of attacks on the Internet worldwide.
The bid comes as Gemalto, the world's largest maker of chips found in mobile phones and credit cards, is under pressure after posting four profit warnings in a year and having missed a chance to strengthen its security business through a large acquisition.
The combination would strengthen Atos in the burgeoning so-called Internet of Things (IoT) sector of internet-connected machinery and household devices able to collect and exchange data using embedded sensors and European payment services on top of digital security, it said.
Atos said it delivered an offer to Gemalto's board on Nov. 28.
Shortly after issuing the formal offer, Atos Chief Executive Thierry Breton said they had already received the backing of Gemalto's biggest shareholder, France's state-owned investment bank Bpifrance.
"I've met the main shareholders and Bpi in particular," Breton said in a call with reporters following the announcement of the unsolicited bid for Gemalto.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Bpi is not only favorable to this operation of European consolidation, but it also authorized me to tell you about it," they added.
Bpifrance holds 8.51 percent of Gemalto's shares, according to the group's last annual report. Gemalto and Bpifrance were not immediately reachable for comment.
STOCK PRESSURED
Gemalto had to postpone to March 2018 the presentation of its next multiyear strategic plan, after several profit warnings notably caused by slowing demand for credit card chips.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
The group's shares have shed 38 percent so far this year compared with an increase of 24 percent for Atos.
Since Breton took the helm of Atos in November 2008, the firm has multiplied its stock price by close to six times, outperforming French rival Capgemini and U.S. companies Accenture and IBM.
Atos' revenue has more than doubled over the period to reach 11.7 billion euros in 2016, after having bought assets from Germany's Siemens, U.S. group Xerox and France-based computer company Bull.
Gemalto had sales of 3.2 billion euros in 2016.
The all-cash bid reflects a price of 46 euros per Gemalto share, representing a 42 percent premium on the group's last closing price, Atos said in a statement.
The bid would be financed by Atos' existing cash resources and debt, the company said without elaborating.
Breton said that two banks had already given their approval for a potential loan.
(US$1 = 0.8495 euros)
(Editing by G Crosse)
DOHUK, Northern Iraq (CNN) -- Could they help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again?
Some people here are so convinced they will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways.
One, Nadyar Zawiti, has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically, naming their fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect.
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that they were a big fan of Kurdish forces, and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS.
He's hoping the incoming president will make good on their promise -- so much so that they named their new restaurant Trump Fish.
"What I admire about Trump's personality," Zawite says, "is that he's decisive, he's tough, and hopefully with that toughness he'll finish ISIS off."
The restaurant's logo -- featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump's hair and eyebrows should be -- was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team.
The restaurant sells "maskouf," Iraq's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire.
Nadyar shrugs off Trump's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric.
They even hope to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House -- if Trump will invite them in, that is.
He's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region.
Hassan Jamil, a Peshmerga fighter on leave, even named their newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil.
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old, Jamil explained: "I called them Trump because they are charismatic and has clear policies and that's why they won the election."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Subscribe
Keep up with everything in the sky with a subscription to our daily radio program, hosted by Sandy Wood.
Order Now
For more skywatching tips, astronomy news, and much more, read StarDate magazine.
The Basak Lapu-laLapuity Jeepney Operators and Drivers Association (Balacjoda) will ask the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB-7) to speed up their decision for their P4 increase on minimum fare.
Balacjoda Spokesperson Boboy Belarmino said that their petition has been stalled for over a year already and considering the soaring oil prices at present, LTFRB-7 should grant their petition.
Belarmino will submit their appeal for early resolution before the LTFRB office this afternoon.
{Refresh for more updates}
The Champions League draw will take place in Nyon on Monday with the fates of the top 16 clubs in Europe hanging in the balance. But before the action begins, here's an extremely tough quiz comprising of 16 questions we designed for you to test your Champions League knowledge.
It's a quiz that features the footballer who once left their team to play a match with nine men since they had a superstition about not being the last player to enter the pitch and a teammate of theirs was being patched up.
It also involves the goalkeeper who scored against Juventus with three different clubs during their career.
Careful though, this is a quiz trickier than Ronaldinho in theirs heyday.
A new French law is allowing employees to ignore work emails once they leave the office
Romelu Lukaku hit the ground running with two goals as Manchester United made a flying start to their Premier League campaign by thrashing West Ham.
United's £75million record signing struck in each half at Old Trafford to set United on the way to a convincing 4-0 win which was wrapped up in the latter stages by Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba.
After also netting against Real Madrid in the Super Cup last week, Lukaku has begun the season full of confidence and a poor West Ham side certainly had little answer.
"To play in front of such a crowd and for such a great club, it's a dream come true," Lukaku told Sky Sports.
Lukaku finished off a slick move to open the scoring with a powerful finish after 33 minutes and doubled the lead with a header early in the second half.
The Hammers, who were already being outplayed, could not respond and United spurned several more chances before finally adding two more goals in the last three minutes.
Lukaku was denied a hat-trick by a fine block by Pablo Zabaleta and fired another chance over.
Yet while it was former Everton striker Lukaku who grabbed most of the headlines, the platform for victory was laid by an outstanding performance from another new signing, Nemanja Matic.
The £40million midfielder controlled most of the game, leading United's defensive effort and prompting a lot of their attacks. They linked well with Pogba and the overall impression created by United was positive, justifying a lot of pre-season optimism.
"The team did a good job today, everybody was creative," Lukaku said. "The most important thing is the win."
So impressive was Matic's performance that those questioning the wisdom of champions Chelsea to sell have been given much more ammunition.
Manager Jose Mourinho admitted they were surprised their former club sanctioned the move.
They said: "I brought them to Stamford Bridge because I thought they were a player with special qualities and since I left I always thought they could be a perfect player for us.
"I never thought it was possible unless something special was happening and it looks like something special was happening because their agent told me, 'You can have him, you just have to pay'. We have them and we are very happy because they are a player this team needs."
Mourinho was also delighted with Lukaku's performance but claimed the 24-year-old was not under pressure to score goals.
They said: "Romelu knows me well. They knows sometimes strikers can play very well for the team without scoring goals. They know from me there is no pressure at all. But today they were good, very effective."
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Chorus Ltd:
* ADVISED BY THE CROWN THAT L1 CAPITAL PTY GRANTED APPROVAL TO ACQUIRE A RELEVANT INTEREST IN 10% OR MORE OF CHORUS' SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected them to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at their arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite their cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for their self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which they said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
Fresh from another devastating flash flood that ripped apart their historic Maryland town, hundreds again ask themselves: 'Should I stay or should I go?'.
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
(DroneBase via AP). This image made from video provided by DroneBase shows vehicles swept by floodwater near the intersection of Ellicott Mills Drive and Main Street in Ellicott City, Md., Monday, May 28, 2018. Howard County Executive Allan Kittleman s...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
(NCI Center for Cancer Research/NIH via AP). This undated microscope image provided by the National Institutes of Health shows human colon cancer cells with the cell nuclei stained red. According to new American Cancer Society guidelines released on We...
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows their actions went beyond dubious doctoring.
Dozens of women say a former gynecologist made creepy comments, improperly took photos and did other cringe-worthy acts during exams, but experts say they would likely only go to prison if evidence shows theirs actions...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
(AP Photo/Richard Vogel). People enter the University of Southern California's Engemann Student Health Center in Los Angeles, Tuesday, May 22, 2018. Four former USC students have sued the school and an ex-campus gynecologist who they accuse of sexual b...
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero.
A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
(AP Photo/Ron Todt, File). FILE – In this April 15, 2018, file photo, demonstrators protest outside the Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia where two black men were arrested three days earlier for waiting inside without ordering anything. On Tuesday, May 29...
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
Rapper Meek Mill is back in a Philadelphia courtroom, hoping to get their appeal moved to a different judge and a new trial.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
(Joe Cavaretta/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). Dania Beach Ocean Rescue lifeguard Michael Vasta paddles out, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, as their colleague Peter Fournier watches from a beach tower in Dania Beach, Fla.
By DEEPTI HAJELA
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(CARPENTERSVILLE, ILLINOIS) When Carpentersville, Illinois star Dennis Erb, Jr. takes to the track later this evening for their 2018 season lid lifter at Golden Isles Speedway, a new marketing partner will be boldly displayed on their #28 Black Diamond Chassis. RhinoAg has recently partnered with Dennis Erb Racing to help support their assault on the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series this season. RhinoAg is also a proud sponsor of the premier national touring series and is the title sponsor of this weekend's RhinoAg ‘Super Bowl of Racing' at the Brunswick, Georgia facility.
“We are extremely excited to welcome RhinoAg on board for 2018 and look forward to representing them in first-class fashion both on and off the racetrack,” quoted Erb, Jr. this morning on the way to Golden Isles Speedway to compete in tonight's $10,000 to win series opener. “They are based in Gibson City, Illinois, so it's a nice match geography-wise to partner up. RhinoAg has been a sponsor of the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series for the past several seasons and they are really enthusiastic about the growth and exposure of the series on television and streaming services. Hopefully, we can run well all year long for them, but especially in those televised events so RhinoAg gets maximum exposure to potential customers nationwide!”
RhinoAg is a leader in the agricultural equipment industry with emphasis on tractor mounted rotary cutters and flail grass mowers, front end tractor loaders, backhoes, and hay mowers; rear blades, post hole diggers, finishing mowers, rotary tillers, boom cutters, and landscape rakes. RhinoAg equipment is used in agricultural, commercial, or industrial mowing applications, landscape preparation, pasture aeration, roadside maintenance, and many other farm and ranch applications. Three-point, pull-type, and semi-mount units are available. For more information, visit: www.rhinoag.com.
Dennis Erb Racing is currently en route to the Southeast where they will start their 2018 season in a pair of Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series battles in the RhinoAg ‘Super Bowl of Racing' at Golden Isles Speedway near Brunswick, Georgia on February 2-3. Dennis will then continue their “Speedweeks” journey at East Bay Raceway Park in Gibsonton, Florida, Bubba Raceway Park in Ocala, Florida, and Volusia Speedway Park in Barberville, Florida. In all and weather pending, Dennis plans to enter fifteen lucrative Super Late Model shows in Georgia and Florida in only sixteen days from February 2-17. You can view their upcoming racing schedule below:
February 2 | Golden Isles (GA) Speedway, Lucas Oil, $10,000
February 3 | Golden Isles (GA) Speedway, Lucas Oil, $12,000
February 5 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $5,000
February 6 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $5,000
February 7 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $7,000
February 8 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $7,000
February 9 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $10,000
February 10 | East Bay (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $12,000
February 11 | Bubba (FL) Raceway Park, Lucas Oil, $10,000
February 12 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, DIRTcar, $7,000
February 13 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, DIRTcar, $7,000
February 14 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, WoO, $10,000
February 15 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, WoO, $10,000
February 16 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, WoO, $10,000
February 17 | Volusia (FL) Speedway Park, WoO, $10,000
Dennis would like to thank all of their sponsors including: J.R. McBride Leasing, McBride Mack, RhinoAg, Deegan's Garage, Ideal Ready Mix, M&M Painting & Construction, VoMac Truck Sales, Performance Rod & Custom (PRC), Midwest Sheet Metal, Jay D1ckens Racing Engines, Vic Hill Racing Engines, Clements Racing Engines, Hoosier Racing Tires, PrintWorx, Allstar Performance, Aurora Rod Ends, Base Racing Fuel, Beyea Custom Headers, Black Diamond Chassis, Brinn Transmissions, Butlerbuilt Safety Systems, CV Products, Delph Communications, Dyer's Top Rods, Envy Suspension & Race Consultants, Five-Star Performance Bodies, Frankland Racing Supply, Hooker Harness, Hypercoils, Jones Racing Products, K-B Carburetors, Outerwears, Out-Pace Racing Products, Peterson Fluid Systems, Quarter Master, Quickcar Racing Products, Simpson Race Products, Sweet Mfg., T&D Machine Products, TWM Racing Products, Wiles Driveshafts, and Wilwood Engineering.
The latest dirt on the Dennis Erb Racing team can be found all year long at www.DennisErb.com. Be sure to “Like” us on Facebook by clicking on www.facebook.com/denniserbracing.
Media Contact: Ryan Delph – Delph Communications
www.DelphCommunications.com
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
SYDNEY: Power hitters Chris Lynn and Glenn Maxwell propelled Australia to a convincing seven-wicket victory over New Zealand in the first tri-series Twenty20 match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Saturday (Feb 3).
Lynn (44 runs from 33 balls) and Maxwell (40 not out from 24 balls) shared in a scorching 77-run stand from just 53 balls to steer Australia to the rain-reduced total of 95 from 15 overs with 21 balls to spare.
Despite a top-order wobble, in which captain David Warner and the debutant D'Arcy Short fell inside the first three overs, the belligerent power of Lynn and Maxwell swamped the Kiwi bowling attack.
Australia's victory was earlier set up by towering paceman Billy Stanlake whose fierce pace justified Warner's decision to bowl first after winning the toss, as they wrecked New Zealand's top order with three wickets in the space of their first eight balls.
Stanlake startled Colin Munro with their high bounce for debutant wicketkeeper Alex Carey to race out to point to complete the catch.
Martin Guptill was then flummoxed next ball by a perfect-length seamer that flicked the top of off stump.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Stanlake narrowly missed their hat-trick as Tom Bruce clipped an attempted yorker through the leg side for three.
Andrew Tye claimed four wickets as Australia restricted New Zealand to a below-par 117 for nine off their 20 overs.
Tye mopped up the Kiwi tail to finish with four wickets for 23, while towering paceman Stanlake claimed three wickets inside the powerplay to dismantle the Kiwis' top order.
Australia had New Zealand at 60 for five before Colin de Grandhomme hit an unbeaten 38 from 24 balls with three sixes and a four.
De Grandhomme launched two massive sixes off leg-spinner Adam Zampa with the Black Caps managing just four sixes in the entire innings.
Stanlake underlined why they are one of the hottest prospects in the country and has been locked up on a Cricket Australia central contract.
Tye's first wicket owed much to Warner's catch, running backwards to make the grab and remove Kiwi captain Kane Williamson for eight from 21 balls.
Australia play England in the second match of the tri-series in Hobart on Wednesday.
Whether he's singing or songwriting, U.K.-based, Nigeria-born artist Jacob Banks lets their art speak for itself, proving he's a force to reckon with in the music game. Attached to the smooth sounds of R&B, EDM and soul is an African influence, stemming from their roots in Nigeria. This year, Banks made their Coachella debut at the Mojave Tent.
Banks recently released a single titled “Chainsmoking,” which has received more than 4.3 million views and counting online. Fans can expect a debut album in the near future.
L.A. Weekly: For those who don't know, who is Jacob Banks?
Jacob Banks: Jacob Banks is someone trying to make sense of life, like the rest of us. That's it, really.
How would you describe your sound?
I'm a storyteller. I try to not worry too much about sound. I work for the story. I try to get a story across the best way I can. Whatever sound that may be is second to me delivering a story first.
What is it that you want fans to get from your story?
I want to keep them company. That's kind of my job, I think. We take musical journeys. Whether that's heartbreaks, love, happiness, music is always like a soundtrack to that. So I just wanted to contribute to that experience. And in the event that I can't — if I don't have a story that helps the narrative you're going through — I hope there's another artist that does. If Jacob Banks doesn't have a song you're looking for, I hope Normani has a song you're looking for. I think we're just here to help the human experience get better.
How do you balance between your own artistry and songwriting?
I just do both. I try to never really think too much about things. I think everything's important — writing for myself, writing for other people, writing for films. I'm a musician first. I'm a musician who happens to be an artist. But like I always say, if I had to choose between listening to music for the rest of my life, or just purely playing music and never getting to listen, I'll choose listening. I love music. It's bigger than Jacob Banks. I'd be happy just playing guitar. I'd be happy just playing piano. I love music. I also enjoy being an artist but I try to use as much of my brain as I can.
You recently performed in Los Angeles. How does this city compare to your hometown of London?
We know London is better than Los Angeles, right?
Why?
London is the capital of the world, man. It truly is. It's been around a lot longer as well. It's worked out its kinks. Or rather, it knows how to hide its kinks. I love Los Angeles. L.A. is like my third home at this point. I spend a lot of time there. But there's no place like home.
What do you like about L.A.?
Tacos.
What are your feelings going into Coachella weekend two?
Healthy. I feel healthy. I was sick as shit the first week, so I'm good now. This is the last day as well as our last show. I'm happy to just go out on a bang and just call it a day.
Aside from your performance, what has been the biggest highlight from last weekend?
Easily Beyoncé. Easily.
What can we expect from your upcoming album?
It's a lot more introspective than the last one. The last one was more looking outside, looking at the world. This one just looks more to self. it's more personal than the last one.
Does it have a name yet?
It's called Village.
Is that influenced from your African roots?
So there's an African saying, “It takes a village to raise a child.” It's kind of based around that phrase and that perspective. The album pulls on many of my influences. Being Nigerian, being from the U.K. — and the U.K. youth culture is grimy, it's Caribbean — and all these influences that helped me be the man I am. It celebrates all those sounds as well as all those stories.
Three essential things you need in the studio?
How technical can we be?
However you want to answer it.
There's a microphone called an SM7B. I like to sing in that mic out in the studio — not in the booth. I like to just sing in the hallway. Food — I like carrots. And fun.
Who's the most played artist on your phone?
Probably Drake.
Dream collab? Alive or dead? Dead or alive?
Let's do alive so we can make it happen. D'Angelo. Actually scratch that, Frank Ocean.
Everyone's been saying Frank Ocean all weekend.
OK, D'Angelo.
Posted Today, 01:36 PM
Hello,
Shared this other places, and thought I would share here as well this is confirmed as of 6:30 AM Eastern this morning.
Have you been waiting for a PS4 deal this Christmas season?
I personally tested this one this morning! This involves coupon stacking with an automated system that lets you stack them as of this morning.
Step 1: (Optional)
Get a Google voice account if you already have a Meijer mperks account.
Step 2:
Enroll for a new mPerks account, this will net you 5% off total purchase coupon. Already have an account, refer to step 1 it will work for getting you a new number for a new account, and they accept google voice numbers.
Step 3:
Searching PS4 didn't work for me, so go to the coupons section, and select electronics and toys as your categories. There you will find a $50 off PS4 Pro Coupon.
Step 4:
Meijers no longer has the standard ps4 pro on their site, so go to the store and if they have the PS4 Pro it wont have a sign but ring it up, it is the Sony $349.99 Price.
Step 5:
Checkout. The credit card machine will ask for the 5% off, then the $50 coupon. Fulfill your Christmas desires, get that PS4 you have always wanted. But really I tested this and unless they change something my (would have been, already have a Pro) transaction went like this.
PS4 Pro $349.99
-5% = $332.50
-$50 Coupon = $282.50
This is the lowest price I have seen for this during this Holiday season. I didn't post receipt as I already have one I just wanted to test it and see if it would work, and it will. I was there shopping for something else and just wanted to confirm this for everyone. Sorry if I set off your PS4 alert and you do not have a Meijer near you, this is only in store.
https://accounts.mei...ag...7:mPerksAO
12 years ago, when Natalie Portman made their SNL debut, they memorably shed their good girl image and dropped a few bars about drugs, sex, and cheating on tests at Harvard. This evening, they made their long-awaited return to Studio 8H with another rap in tow. They may be 12 years older and now mother of two, but Natalie maintains their vicious edge. In the X-rated digital short, aptly titled “Natalie's 2nd Rap,” the actor spits fire about clickbait and dildos, compares their husband's penis to a Chipotle burrito, and smokes a blunt while giving birth. They also defend the honor of the Star Wars prequels, reuniting with both Jar Jar Binks and Andy Samberg (the latter of who was featured in the original rap). Watch it all below.
And here's the original “Natalie Raps”:
An Igando Customary Court in Lagos on Wednesday dissolved the 10-year marriage between Mrs Florence Anyasi and their husband, Stanley Anyasi, over infidelity.
The court president, Mr Akin Akinniyi, while delivering the judgment said that all efforts to reconcile the couple had failed.
“Since both parties consented to the dissolution of their marriage, this court has no choice than to dissolve the marriage.
“The court hereby pronounces the marriage between Mrs Florence Anyasi and Mr Stanley Anyasi dissolved today.
“Both of you henceforth cease to be husband and wife, each of you should go on their or their separate ways unmolested.
“The court wishes both of you well in your new journey of life.
“The court grants the custody of the children, age 10, 8, 6 respectively to their mother, the petitioner, pending when they attain the age of 18 years to decide who to stay with.
“The respondent must be responsible for the children's school fees, medical bills and must be paying N15,000 monthly for the children's feeding which must be channeled through the court,” Akinniyi ruled.
Stanley was dragged to the court by their wife accusing them of being a chronic womaniser.
The 36-year-old trader told the court that apart from numerous cases of their following women around, their husband used to sneak into their maid's room to sleep with them
“My husband is a womaniser, they used to leave me in the bed at night and sneak into my maid's room. I have caught them severally on my maid's bed sexually assaulting them
“A neighbour approached me and told me to warn my husband to desist from asking their daughter to have love affairs with him.
“I once caught them sucking the breasts of my niece, who is a minor and they are also fond of wooing my friends,” they said, as they reeled out their grievances before the court.
The petitioner told the court that their husband had once tried to poison them when they brought food to them which subsequently caused their serious pain and vomiting.
“I was rushed to the hospital by neighbours, when I was diagnosed, it was detected that the food I just ate had been poisoned.”
The mother of three said that their husband equally turned them into a punching bag, beating them at the slightest provocation, and has been calling their thief and prostitute in public.
The estranged woman stressed that their husband was irresponsible and unable to provide food or pay for the education of their children.
They therefore urged the court to dissolve their marriage with Stanley.
The respondent, however, denied all the allegations and in turn accused their wife of adultery, claiming that their lover even bought a car for them
“In January 2017 they came home with a car of N1 million, when I queried them where they got the car from, they claimed they bought it with my money.
“I strongly disagreed with them because they are only selling foodstuffs and can never afford that kind of car.”
The 40-year-old business person said that their wife packed out of their matrimonial home in 2017 without their knowledge.
“I came home from work and discovered that my wife had packed all their belonging out with the children to start living with my lover.
“I called them severally, they refused to pick but they eventually picked my call last January and informed me that our last baby they delivered in May 2017 was not mine that the child belonged to the man they are presently living with.
“Before they even gave birth and packed out of my house, I always received information from people that they saw my wife in hotel with men but I always ignored them.”
Stanley said that they provided food and was paying the school fees of their children.
On the allegation of turning them to a punching bag, Stanley said that they only beat them once when they stabbed them with bottle on their head.
The respondent urged the court to grant their wife's wish for the dissolution of marriage saying that they too are no longer interested.
James Marsden to star in live action-animation hybrid movie adaptation of Sonic the Hedgehog
Westworld actor and former Versace model James Marsden has been cast in Paramount's upcoming movie Sonic the Hedgehog, a movie adaption of the video game of the same name. However, Variety reports their role is still not yet confirmed.
Jeff Fowler, whose film Gropher Broke was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Short Film (animated), will be helming the project. Neal H Moritz, who produced several films from the Fast and Furious franchise will be producing this movie. They will be joined by Deadpool director Tim Miller and Toby Ascher as executive producers. Dmitri Johnson and Dan Jevons will be co-producing this project.
The latest draft for the film has reportedly been written by 22 Jump Street writer Oren Uziel.
The movie is based on Sega's speed-based platform game Sonic The Hedgehog, which celebrated its silver anniversary in 2016. The movie will be live-action/animation hybrid project featuring the hedgehog Sonic as they pursue Doctor Robotnik, an evil scientist who has imprisoned animals and has stolen magical emeralds.
James Marsden currently plays the role of Teddy in HBO's popular series Westworld. Their prior experience with live action/animated hybrid movies include their role in Tim Hill's fantasy action film Hop, where they befriend an animated Easter Bunny. They also received great reviews for their role as the hapless prince in the 2007 animated comedy Enchanted opposite Amy Adams.
The movie is set for a late 2019 release and will be the first time Sonic will be adapted for the silver screen.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 12:22 PM
This week, shows in Minneapolis and St. Paul explore the strength of vulnerability, the power of healing, the beauty of destruction, and ways that sound can be seen and sculptures can be heard.
Jason Moran
Where it's at: Walker Art Center, 725 Vineland Place, Minneapolis.
What it's about: In Staged, musician and interdisciplinary artist Jason Moran's first museum exhibition, the the jazz set is explored through the intersection of sculpture and sound. Evoking historic music venues and jazz history, the show also includes a new commissioned work.
Why you should go: How do the tenets of jazz, including improvisation and collaboration, come to life in visual form? Find out with this show that includes charcoal drawings, sculptures that you can hear, and collaborations with artists such as Theater Gates and Kara Walker.
When: 5-9 p.m. Thursday.
Anisha Yang
ALOUD
Where it's at: FUSE: 422 University Ave. W., Ste. 14, St. Paul.
What it's about: Hmong American designer and artist Christina Vang embarks into curation for the first time in “ALOUD.” FUSE is a new mixed-use artist space in the Little Mekong district of St. Paul. For the show, Vang has selected five artists all examining the process of healing, transformation, and the diverse identities of first and second generation Asian Americans through art. Pieces include 3-D installation, embroidery, and illustration. Artists on view include Anisha Yang, Nicollazzi Xiong, Peter Phung, Tori Hong, and Xee Reiter. Come early to get some yummy snacks by Soul Lao.
Why you should go: Christina Vang hit the Twin Cities scene two years ago, working as a designer and an artist. They recently collaborated with Oskar Ly to create a large outdoor fence installation at the Hmong American Farmers Association in Hastings through a grant from Forecast Public Art. Now Vang is stretching their creative muscles, shifting from being an artist to being a curator, to advocate for their community.
When: The opening reception is from 6 to 9 p.m. Thursday, and the show is on view this weekend at the Saint Paul Art Crawl.
L-R: Amanda Hamilton, 'Dark Painting XXIX'; Syed Hosain, 'Redemptive Imaginings'; Mary Gibney, 'Woman on Water Bust'
Three openings at SooVAC: Syed Hosain, Amanda Hamilton, and Mary Gibney
Where it's at: Soo Visual Art Center, 2909 Bryant Ave. S., Suite 101, Minneapolis.
What it's about: SooVAC is going to be hopping on Saturday night with new exhibitions from the intensely talented Syed Hosain and Amanda Hamilton. It's also the start of a new residency program at the gallery, where Mary Gibney will be creating new work over the course of five weeks.
Why you should go: There's a certain cheeriness in the air now that we have finally reached spring, so lest you get too happy, Syed Hosain and Amanda Hamilton have a dose of somber offerings for your evening. In Hosain's work, beauty meets destruction in richly detailed works that mix abstraction with a sense of place and history, while Hamilton's dark paintings will draw you into a meditative melancholy. Meanwhile, you'll get glimpses of Mary Gibney's process as they embark on their new five-week residency.
When: 6 to 9 p.m. Saturday.
L-R: Blair Moore, Mikki Coleman, shhhhame
Soft Boundaries: curated by Juleana Enright
Where it's at: Gamut Gallery, 717 S. 10th St., Minneapolis.
What it's about: Curator Juleana Enright has gathered a cohort of seven artists all navigating ways in which vulnerability can be a tool for resistance, liberation, and healing. Works on view include illustrations, photography, video and audio installation, mixed media, book art, and sculpture. Participating artists include Blair Moore, Dom Laba, Lamia Abukhadra, Laurie Borggreve, Mikki Coleman, Nadia Honary, and shhhhame.
Why you should go: While it might seem counterintuitive at first, sometimes the way to gather strength is to accept and relish in your vulnerabilities. That's the idea with this show, where the artists are displaying their rawness as a shield and a sword.
When: 7 to 11 p.m. Saturday. Admission is $5.
Belgian Pro League club Anderlecht have hit back at Nigerian striker Henry Onyekuru over their claims that they ruined their chances of playing at the 2018 World Cup.
The 20-year-old, who spent the 2017/18 season on loan at Anderlecht from Everton, claims the Belgian team deliberately sidelined them after a knee injury they suffered in December last year.
According to Onyekuru, their actions ensured they wouldn't be selected by the Super Eagles, miss out on the World Cup, and therefore struggle to earn a work permit for the Premier League.
Everton would then in all likelihood be forced to loan the player back to the ‘Purple and White' for another season.
“Anderlecht have cost me my World Cup, but they knew that I needed to get a work permit for England by not letting me play, I could not go to Russia and they tried to keep me for another season at Anderlecht,” the Nigerian attacker said, before vowing that they will not play for the team again.
However, Anderlecht has since debunked the former Eupen player's accusations.
“Henry is a great player and their injury in December weakened the squad and reduced their chances to participate in the World Cup with their country,” a club spokesperson told Echo.
“RSC Anderlecht, nor the technical staff never made any promise to Henry concerning their selection.
“RSCA is a professional club and it wouldn't be very professional to make promises to players. The coach selects the best and fittest players for the games.”
ISTANBUL: Turkish police detained 82 suspected Islamic State members, 77 of them foreign nationals, in raids across Istanbul, state-run Anadolu news agency reported on Saturday.
It said counter-terror police squads targeted suspects believed to have acted on behalf of the jihadists, going to conflict zones in Syria and Iraq and preparing urban attacks in Turkey.
Simultaneous police raids were carried out on 16 addresses in 10 districts of Istanbul, the agency said, without specifying when the operation was conducted.
The Anadolu report did not specify what evidence police had against the suspects but said police seized digital materials and documents during the raids.
Turkey has been a partner in the U.S-led coalition against Islamic State fighters, detaining more than 5,000 Islamic State suspects and deporting several thousand foreign militants in recent years.
Turkish police previously stepped up operations against Islamic State suspects at the end of last year ahead of the first anniversary of a New Year gun attack on a nightclub in Istanbul in which 39 people were killed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Islamic State claimed responsibility for that shooting, which was one of a series of attacks believed to have been carried out by the jihadists in Turkey in recent years.
(Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Mother of G League player who died sues NBA, Pistons
Mother of G League player who died sues NBA, Pistons
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 00:03 IST 37 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
DETROIT (AP) — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a federal lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena. Jewel Upshaw, the player's mother, is the plaintiff, both individually and on behalf of Zeke Upshaw's estate.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
"Remarkably, for much longer than four full minutes, no cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was initiated, no chest compressions were started, no oxygen mask was placed on their nose and mouth, no airway was cleared and secured, and no defibrillator sensors and electric delivery patches were attached and secured to Zeke's chest," the suit says.
The suit also says the defendants failed to provide the G League team "the resources, policies, and procedures reasonably necessary" to prevent or handle Upshaw's collapse.
The NBA, the Pistons and the Drive did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Upshaw started their college basketball career at Illinois State. They graduated with a degree in apparel, merchandising and design. The Chicago native then transferred to Hofstra, where they played in 2013-14. Upshaw was undrafted and played internationally in Slovenia and Luxembourg. They spent most of the last two seasons with the Drive.
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
You have to see this video
When Kylie Jenner isn't hanging out with their A-List friends or showing off their incred post-baby body, she's melting out hearts with candid snaps of daughter Stormi.
And the KUWTK star was at it again on Monday, as they took to social media with probably the most adorable video we've ever seen.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
After a weekend partying at Coachella with boyfriend Travis Scott, Kylie was back to mummy duties this week as they relaxed in the back garden of their Californian mansion with their tot.
More: Kylie Jenner shares ADORABLE video of baby Stormi days after being slammed for going to Coachella
In the first shot, the fresh faced reality TV star can be seen kissing their two-month-old's head as they rest on their chest.
‘Our hair both a mess, but…', they wrote next to the sweet snap.
But if you thought that was cute, you haven't seen anything yet as the 20-year-old then filmed their little one sleeping and caught the moment they sweetly laughed with them mum.
‘Are you smiling in your sleep?' Kylie can be heard saying in the precious video as they rubbed their daughter's head.
Seriously, this is too much…
The make-up free mum then shared a zoomed in photo of Stormi's tiny fingers, next to the caption: ‘She has the prettiest little hands'.
The snap sees their infant wearing an adorable cherry-printed shirt while wrapped up in a blanket.
And just in case that wasn't enough cuteness for one day, a final video sees Kylie zooming in on their own face as they rest their chin on their tot's fluffy brown hair.
Cuties! 4/23/18 A post shared by Kylie Jenner (@kyliesnapchat) on Apr 23, 2018 at 1:40pm PDT
This comes just a few days after make up mogul enjoyed a much-needed getaway to Palm Springs with their sister Kourtney as the pair attended Coachella.
Sharing a snap of themselves from the a-list music festival, Kylie assured fans: ‘I'm not a regular mom I'm a cool mom'.
You are indeed, Kyls!
WITH ONE flick of the wrist and the ball kissing off the glass, Marcio Lassiter came up with the most unbelievable shot to cap a mind-boggling end to Game 3 yesterday that put San Miguel Beer right back where the Beermen were in pre-series predictions with Star – at the top.
Lassiter hit the marginal triple with 1.6 seconds left that gave the Beermen a 111-110 win over the Hotshots for a 2-1 lead in their best-of-five Final Four series in the PBA Commissioner's Cup for the perfect ending to the high quality of basketball played at Smart Araneta Coliseum.
It was the kind of win that will give the Beermen all the morale boost and confidence they need – and the sort of setback that could be enough to deflate the Hotshots – when Game 4 is played Friday night at Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay.
ADVERTISEMENT
“One point (win)? It doesn't matter. We're one win away from another Finals,” San Miguel coach Leo Austria blurted out minutes later.
Ricardo Ratliffe hit a tough turnaround jumper with 13.6 seconds left to give the Hotshots a 110-108 lead, and Star seemed to have the win in the bag after Chris Ross – brilliant all night with 27 points, eight rebounds and eight assists – missed a long jumper.
Trump opioid plan includes death penalty for traffickers
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where appropriate under current law, a top administration official said. It's a fate for drug dealers that Trump has been highlighting publicly in recent weeks.
Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs needed to trigger mandatory minimum sentences for traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids, said Andrew Bremberg, Trump's domestic policy director, who briefed reporters Sunday on the plan Trump is scheduled to unveil Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis and that they once referred to as “drug infested.”
The president will be joined by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue as it pertains to children.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of their telephone conversation with Mexico's president showed they had described New Hampshire as a “drug-infested den.” The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Death for drug traffickers and mandatory minimum penalties for distributing certain opioids are just two elements under the part of Trump's plan that deals with law enforcement and interdiction to break the international and domestic flow of drugs into and across the U.S.
Other parts of the plan include broadening education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the “ultimate penalty.”
The president told the audience at a Pennsylvania campaign rally this month that countries like Singapore have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. They argued that a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, but that a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands can spend little or no time in jail.
“The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness,” Trump said in Moon Township.
They made similar comments at a recent White House summit on opioids. “Some countries have a very, very tough penalty — the ultimate penalty. And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do,” Trump said. “So we're going to have to be very strong on penalties.”
White House officials referred questions about the death penalty and drug traffickers to the Justice Department, which said the federal death penalty is available for several limited drug-related offenses, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, said it was not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Berman said the issue would be litigated extensively and would have to be definitively decided by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, Trump declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission they put together to study the issue.
“We call it the crisis next door because everyone knows someone,” said Kellyanne Conway, a Trump senior adviser. “This is no longer somebody else's community, somebody else's kid, somebody else's co-worker.”
Trump will also discuss how their plans for a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to cooperate with federal immigration authorities will help combat the opioid crisis, Conway told reporters traveling with the president.
Other elements of the plan Trump call for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which Trump announced last October, and increased research and development through public-private partnerships between the federal National Institutes of Health and pharmaceutical companies.
Bremberg said the administration also has a plan to cut the number of filled opioid prescriptions by one-third within three years.
The stop in New Hampshire will be Trump's first as president. They won the state's 2016 Republican presidential primary but narrowly lost in the general election to Hillary Clinton. It follows a visit to the state last week by retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic. Flake told New Hampshire Republicans that someone needs to stop Trump — and it could be them if no one else steps up.
___
Superville reported from Washington. Associated Press writer Mark Sherman contributed to this report.
Author: By DARLENE SUPERVILLE and JONATHAN LEMIRE/AP
NASHVILLE, Tenn.: Nashville police were working on Tuesday to determine what motivated a gunman with an AR-15 rifle to kill four people at an all-night Waffle House restaurant, having arrested a suspect with a history of erratic behaviour.
Travis Reinking, 29, was taken into custody on Monday after a protracted manhunt, following tips from the public that led authorities to search secluded woods in which they were hiding near their home.
Police say a nearly naked Reinking opened fire at the restaurant at about 3:30 a.m. Sunday, then fled the scene. The gunman, who began shooting outside the restaurant and then moved inside, aborted their attack and fled when a customer, 29-year-old James Shaw Jr., wrestled the rifle from them in what authorities called an act of heroism.
"We don't know why they went into the Waffle House," Metropolitan Nashville Police spokesperson Don Aaron told reporters on Monday. They said an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle was used in the attack.
Reinking, who had a pistol and ammunition in a backpack when they were arrested, was not talking to police. They were being held at a Nashville jail on bond initially set at US$500,000 for each of four murder charges, online jail records showed.
Reinking, who moved to the Tennessee capital last year from their Illinois hometown, is scheduled to make their first court appearance on Wednesday morning.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The killings were the latest in a string of mass shootings around the country in which a gunman used an AR-15 style rifle. One of the deadliest was the massacre of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on Feb. 14 by a gunman brandishing an AR-15. A former student at the school is charged with the murders.
In Nashville, authorities said they are still unclear about what motivated the Waffle House attack, which sent a shudder through the city, one of the biggest in the U.S. South.
Tips from people in the neighbourhood helped lead police to search through the woods about two miles (3 km) from the restaurant, where Reinking eventually surrendered without resisting.
More than 150 city, state and local law enforcement agents searched for the gunman, who has had a history of bizarre behaviour, delusions and multiple encounters with authorities. In July 2017, Reinking was arrested for attempting to get into the White House, according to police records.
After that episode, authorities in Illinois revoked their gun licence and confiscated four firearms, including what police said was the rifle used in the Waffle House shooting. The guns were given to their father, who told police they would lock up and keep them away from their son. But the father, from Tazewell County, Illinois, 130 miles southwest of Chicago, eventually returned the weapons to their son, Nashville police said on Sunday.
Marcus Watson, an agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Reinking's father, Jeffrey, could face federal charges if they knowingly transferred weapons to a person who was prohibited from owning them. The father was not immediately available for comment.
(Writing by Brendan O'Brien; Editing by Frank McGurty and Steve Orlofsky)
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. An Audi spokesperson in the United States said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
MANILA: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Wednesday supported their environment minister's decision to cancel nearly a third of contracts for undeveloped mines, saying it was based on law.
Duterte has backed Environment and Natural Resources Secretary Regina Lopez's tough stance against miners they say have damaged the environment, warning shortly after taking office in June that the country can survive without a mining sector.
Lopez on Tuesday ordered the rescission of 75 mineral production sharing agreements, or MPSAs, because they are located in watershed zones and developing them would threaten water supply and quality in those areas.
That came less than two weeks after they ordered the closure or suspension of 28 of the country's 41 mines for damaging watersheds and for siltation of coastal waters and farmlands.
The Philippines is the world's top nickel ore supplier and the shuttered mines would account for about half the country's output.
Duterte also backed that action, which the industry has said will affect 1.2 million people.
The cancellation of the 75 agreements is consistent with Philippine laws "that mining applications are closed to proclaimed watershed forest reserves," Duterte spokesperson Ernesto Abella said in a statement.
But Abella said Lopez's agency should "establish that it has gone through due process before enforcing the applicable laws, rules, or regulations."
One of the mining contracts Lopez cancelled is the US$1.2 billion Silangan copper-gold project of Philex Mining Corp, among the country's biggest miners, in the southern Philippines.
Philex told the Philippine Stock Exchange in a filing on Wednesday that "none of the areas covered by the Silangan Mining MPSA is located in a proclaimed watershed forest reserve where mining is prohibited."
The company said "Silangan Mining is, therefore, confident that its MPSA is valid and can withstand any legal challenge."
Australian miner OceanaGold Corp, which runs the Philippines' biggest gold mine and was earlier ordered suspended, said it has filed an appeal with Duterte's office "which, in accordance with the rules and regulations, stays the execution of the suspension order."
Click http://tmsnrt.rs/2kCftpe for graphic on Philippine mine closures.
(Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
LOS ANGELES: Ava DuVernay may be the first black female director to be Oscar-nominated for a documentary, but it's not something they are especially happy about.
Like their film, "13th," which explores the far-reaching repercussions of slavery in the United States today, DuVernay says the Oscar nomination merely demonstrates how little progress has been made.
"It's bittersweet because I know I'm not the first black woman deserving of these things," DuVernay, 44, told Reuters Television.
"I hope that it is also really clear that we are way behind on where we should be... and that women and people of color don't intend for it to be another 100 years for the second and the third."
"13th" argues that although it has been 150 years since slavery was officially abolished in the United States, it is still alive in the form of mass incarceration that disproportionately affects black people.
The documentary notes that the U.S. prison population rose from 357,000 in 1970 to 2.3 million in 2014. While black men account for some 6.6 percent of the U.S. population, they currently make up 40.2 percent of the prison population.
"13th" has already won a British BAFTA award and a slew of critics prizes, making it a front-runner for the best documentary Oscar at the Feb. 26 ceremony.
DuVernay is currently celebrating another first.  They are directing the movie version of the children's classic book "A Wrinkle in Time," which marks the first time a black woman in Hollywood has commanded a US$100 million movie budget.
"Now that some of these things have been broken that they need to be shattered and we need to move forward in a more robust inclusive way," they said.
(Reporting by Reuters Television)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
6 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Belgium's quarter-final battle with Brazil will be a classic encounter between an unstoppable force and an immovable object when the tournament's joint best defence comes up against its most free-scoring attack in Kazan on Friday.
SOCHI, Russia: Belgium's quarter-final battle with Brazil will be a classic encounter between an unstoppable force and an immovable object when the tournament's joint best defence comes up against its most free-scoring attack in Kazan on Friday.
Brazil have conceded only one goal in this World Cup, the equal most stingy rearguard along with Uruguay, and allowed only five shots on target in four games, the fewest of any side.
Advertisement
Belgium, meanwhile, are the tournament's top scorers, banging in 12 goals in their four games so far.
Eight of those goals came against Tunisia and Panama, and slim wins against England and Japan have cast some doubt on whether they can impose themselves against better teams.
The much-lauded midfield struggled in the Round of 16 ties against a Japan side who never gave them time on the ball and it was only when Marouane Fellaini came on in the second half to provide some muscle that Belgium took control of the contest.
The Belgians may want to adopt that more robust approach from the start against Brazil in order to give midfield maestros Eden Hazard and Kevin De Bruyne time to make decisive passes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We will need power," Belgium's coach Roberto Martinez said in what could be a hint towards their intentions. "We have to defend as well as we can and then cause them pain when we have the ball."
Brazil will likely start with Fernandinho in place of the suspended Casemiro, a change that gives them their own added muscle, but the South Americans could miss the Real Madrid midfielder's drive going forward.
The match, however, may be won at the other end of the field.
Belgium's three central defenders are all imposing figures but two of them, Vincent Kompany and Jan Vertonghen, are the wrong side of 30.
With Kompany still finding their feet after their latest period out through injury, Brazil's swarming attacks could prove productive against the ageing Belgian backline.
On the flanks, Willian and Philippe Coutinho can stretch defences, and fire in shots and crosses, while Neymar and Gabriel Jesus can also pull defences apart from more central positions.
Belgium will need their wing backs to be operating at full tilt if they are to get back and assist.
Marcelo is fit again for Brazil and could return in place of Filipe Luis at left back, while winger Douglas Costa is back from injury and will be on the bench.
(Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by John O'Brien)
By Greg Ford
Staff Writer
[email protected]
SACHSE — They may not be the future leaders of our nation, but right now they're the ones setting the tone and atmosphere at Hudson Middle School, and they want it to be a positive one.
They're the students, a body of elected sixth- through eighth-graders, whose responsibility it is to provide leadership for the rest of their classmates.
“They know I am very big about being a role model. You are a leader in this school, especially when people know that you are on student council,” said Tameka Archie the lead faculty advisor. “People know there is an expectation that you are going to follow the rules and keep your grades at a certain level … The people who are surrounded by them are able to grasp on to that. That is my biggest thing, building their leadership skills.”
While many kids, as well as adults, might shy away from such responsibilities, the current council members embrace them. In the case of seventh-grader Piper Williams, those responsibilities and the chance to be a school leader is what got them to run for and win a spot on the council as a sixth-grade representative.
Now, a year later, Williams is the council vice president, and relishes their new role.
For the full story see the Oct. 5 issue or subscribe online.
While some of the MCU's most recent movies have had anywhere from two to five post-credits scenes, the latest installment in the franchise Infinity War will only have one.
While this is sure to irritate many Marvel fans who at this point are used to having multiple scenes during and after the credits, and will surely want to see more of the movie once it reaches the end titles, it is completely understandable given the context of the movie that only scene will be featured. Next year's Avengers 4 is said to follow directly after the events of Avengers: Infinity War, so it makes sense that the credits of Infinity War won't need to do much to set up the sequel.
While the idea of post-credits scenes didn't originate with Marvel movies, the Marvel Cinematic Universe has certainly played a major role in popularizing them. Since Nick Fury first stepped out of the shadows of Tony Stark's home to talk to them about the Avengers initiative in 2008's Iron Man, post-credits scenes have become an integral part of the MCU. However, it wasn't until 2012 that Marvel Studios began including two credits scenes in their movies, with The Avengers using one scene to tease Thanos and the second scene after the credits finished rolling to show the Avengers enjoying some shawarma proceeding the Battle of New York.
Since then, most MCU movies have featured at least two post-credits scenes, with Iron Man 3 and Avengers: Age of Ultron being the exceptions. Last year's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 even took things up a level, as it managed to feature five separate post-credits scenes. While some people saw this as oversaturation, it was a clever way for director James Gunn to keep people in their seats throughout the duration of the credits. This also managed to keep the audience members entertained throughout the credits, considering that many Marvel fans already sit through the long credits crawl of every MCU movie, even when there is only one scene to look forward to.
What actually will occur in Infinity War's singular post-credits scene will not yet be revealed, in order to keep the Internet practically spoiler-free before the movie's release. However, based on the Internet reactions surrounding the end of the movie, fans will undoubtedly not be disappointed by the content.
What we will see, however, will directly set up next year's Avengers 4, considering that it will take place right after the events of Infinity War. This is sure to keep people excited, as we know that the credits sequence likely won't be just a simple gag like the post-credits scene at the end of Spider-Man: Homecoming.
All-in-all, it is good to know that Avengers: Infinity War will feature one post-credits scene, as reported by ComicBook.com. While many people wanted to see two post-credits scenes in the third Avengers movie, there were also those who did not want to see any, hoping that the movie would lead into Avengers 4 directly without needing any set-up throughout the credits. Having one post-credits scene seems to be a happy medium between the two, and is sure to keep most Marvel fans happy.
The rush to finish the GOP tax overhaul has hit a snag as Republicans grapple with substantial differences between the House and Senate bills, and pause to consider unintended consequences of the most massive rewrite of the tax code in a generation.
Lawmakers are eager to pass the bill, President Trump's top domestic priority, by Christmas. But they are also increasingly wary of political fallout from the hurried process and want to prevent embarrassing moments, such as the scribbled text hastily added to the margin of the final Senate bill.
The end of any major legislative undertaking is often a sprint. But the final stretch of the GOP tax plan is being complicated by an accelerated process like none other in recent history.
“Republicans have made a decision, which I can't fault them for, that the longer this bill hangs out there, the more barnacles attach,” said Jonathan Traub, the former Republican staff director at the House Ways and Means Committee and now managing principal at Deloitte's tax policy group.
“We've seen time and time again, big issues left out in the sun too long start to attract vultures,” they said. “They need to move quickly to take advantage of the enthusiasm.”
Lawmakers are set to convene Wednesday for the first — and perhaps only — open meeting of a conference committee tasked with reconciling the House and Senate versions of the tax bills.
The Republican staffs met privately over the weekend, and leaders fielded calls with Trump and Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin, as they cobble together a final version without Democratic input. As the majority in Congress, Republicans are relying on special budget rules to pass the bill on their own to bypass the threat of a Democratic filibuster.
Yet even with control of the House, Senate and the White House, Republicans have struggled to resolve differences over individual income brackets, allowable deductions and when corporate rate cuts will take effect. A hoped-for deal over the weekend did not materialize as talks continued.
The legislation is already bumping against the $1.5-trillion cap Republicans are allowing in deficit spending, but many changes lawmakers want to make — such as reinstating a planned repeal of the medical expenses deduction or shelving an idea to tax graduate student tuition stipends — have left them scrambling to make tweaks elsewhere to pay for them.
One possible change now being debated is whether to nudge the corporate tax rate, now proposed to drop from 35% to 20% in both bills, up to 21% or 22%. There continues to be deep resistance from GOP business allies, even though Trump has said they would be open to it. Such a shift would generate some $200 billion to pay for other provisions of the plan.
The president is set to address the nation Wednesday about the proposal.
Normally at this stage of the legislative process, lawmakers and staff would be poring over the text, trying to catch typos and thinking through the bill's logic to prevent any unforeseen consequences.
But under the GOP's fast-track process, the bill is still being written the week before a likely vote.
“Hopefully, in the next few days, we'll see the final framework,” GOP Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) said Monday on Fox.
Republicans compare their undertaking to the last major overhaul under then-President Reagan in 1986, sometimes posting photos of themselves from that era to emphasize how long it has been since the last revision.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and others disregard complaints about the process. Republicans point to how Democrats pushed the Affordable Care Act through the Senate in a Christmas Eve vote and then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) famously suggested that Americans would like the bill once they saw what was in it. Even so, that legislation went though more than a year of hearings, town halls and debates before a final vote.
Though Republicans have been talking about tax reform for years in policy proposals and dozens of congressional hearings, critics say they have not subjected the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to the kind of legislative scrutiny typical of hundreds-page bills.
The 1986 measure underwent so many hearings that they were numbered, like the Superbowl, with Roman numerals, hitting XXVII at one point, Democrats said.
Democrats note that the 100-year-old state and local tax deduction, first enacted during the Civil War era and reinstated in the early 20th century, barely had a hearing before being put on the chopping block for repeal. After a backlash in high-tax states, the House and Senate bills eventually allowed property tax deductions up to $10,000. Talks are underway to permit that write-off for other kinds of state or local taxes, including income taxes.
“What we're missing in the process is virtually the entirety of the process,” said Edward D. Kleinbard, a former chief of staff at the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation and now a professor at USC's Gould School of Law.
Republicans, they said, are “voting for an ideology rather than a tax legislation.”
At one point it seemed the tax bill, after passing the Senate in the early hours of Dec. 2, might be quickly rushed for a House vote. But that momentum has slipped some, as staff and lawmakers, take a second look, making sure the final product is one republican can support. Polls so far have found most Americans don't approve of the bill.
Leaders have little margin for error; they can lose only about 20 Republican votes in the House and no more than two in the Senate, and still be able to pass the bill along party lines.
A Christmas vote would give Republicans a legislative high note to end Trump's first year in office.
“The desperation is palpable,” said Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), who continues to raise concerns about the tax treatment of pass-through businesses, and whose vote is not guaranteed.
By IRYNA RYBCHAK
Staff Writer
If you drink more than three cups of coffee per day, there is a chance for you to add years to your life.
Do you wake up and smell the coffee?
Are you ready to wait up to 10 minutes in line at the Shack or Tim Hortons because you desperately need the dose of caffeine?
Welcome to the coffee lovers' (addicted) club.
Thirty-two out of 40 Niagara College students who were asked, drink two to four cups of coffee per day.
“Put your hands up who like coffee,” said graduate student Ksenia Naleykina while raising their hand, drinking their coffee with one sugar and two milk.
“I just love that brown aroma. People call me coffee addicted, but I believe that brown seeds are better than white powder.”
“I usually drink somewhere between two to 10 cups (of coffee),” says Amy Hoy, Greenhouse Technician program student.
“And I occasionally hit 15 on days that I have to stay up for 24 hours for work or school.”
Apparently, if you drink more than three cups of coffee per day, there is a possibility for you to live a longer life.
According to the study, made by the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), coffee consumption lowers all-cause mortality, including cancer.
More than 500,000 people from 10 European countries participated in this research.
EPIC compared the relationship between coffee consumption and all-cause mortality and cause-specific mortality.
Some skeptical experts do not agree with the study.
They explain that it is hard to say for sure if coffee prolongs the life or healthy lifestyle of coffee drinkers.
Coffee will always have its opponents and proponents.
“I think that coffee smells horrible and tastes worse,” says Beatrix Leonard, Game Development program student at Niagara College.
Ryan Hukla, president of Student Administrative Council, agrees with them
“I do not enjoy the taste of coffee, and that is the reason I stay away from it.”
“I've also been told by friends that I already have enough energy and that adding caffeine would be going overboard.
Narmin Khairadast, Registered Practical Nursing program student says,
“During this time majority of the students are living off caffeine while studying for exams and midterms approaching.”
“I don't drink coffee alone. As we all know it contains a high percentage of caffeine and caffeine impacts the heart by causing your heart rate to go up naturally and has a connection linked to coronary cardiac disease.”
“I stick to proper nutrients throughout my day or drink green tea that has great antioxidants for the heart and body as well as caffeine itself. We all are guilty of drinking caffeine even though we are aware of its negative effects for our body.”
The usual sludge gurgled through the legislature today.The House voted 79-3 to make it a crime for a doctor to perform anfor a woman moved to terminate a pregnancy on account of sex of the fetus. A few states have done this. No such law has been challenged, though it seems unlikely to pass muster in cout in the unlikely event a woman were to admit to a sex-selection abortion and be denied it, then forced to sue.Women need not offer a reason for an abortion, particularly in the earliest stages of pregnancy. A bunch of Arkansas legislators don't have the power to interfere with that Constitutional right. This bill is merely a way to pry into a woman's reasons for seeking abortion and to further disrupt the process and discourage the woman.The Senate had on its calendar but didn't vote on House Speaker Jeremy Gillam's bill to widen exceptions in the laughingly mislabeled ethics amendment to clear the way forand other entertainment. Might resistance still linger in the Senate, which defeated the bill on its first vote?A House committee held up Democratic Rep. Clarke Tucker's bill to make it a law violation not only in office but also after election but before taking office to accept benefits in return for official actions. Legislators in the meeting were concerned somebody might view a campaign contribution as triggering an investigation of subsequent official action. Tucker said he'd work on an amendment to address that concern.UPDATE:Testimony was heard in the Senate on several, including the Senate-preferred idea of making it just about impossible to say doctors for malpractice and nursing homes for patient abuse. The measure also would strip the Supreme Court of rule-making authority. UPDATE: The Committee, after a second round of hearings this afternoon, took votes on a series of amendments. Only SJR 8, thegot sufficient votes to be the amendment the Senate will recommend this year. Motions fror approval were made on four other amendments, but none got more than two votes.Under the Constitution, the legislature may recommend three amendments each year, plus an additonal one altering public official pay. But rules adopted for this session anticipate one amendment each for House and Senate. Rules can always be changed, of course. In the House, the speaker has evinced some interest in a procedural amendment on the process for referring constittuional amendments. But an attack on equal education, vote suppression and other pet topics are also floating around.There's probably more, but it doesn't get any better.
Free Price Quote From a Local Dealer Free Price Quote From a View Special Offers
No Obligation, Fast & Simple Free New Car Quote Change Car Select Make Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari FIAT Ford Genesis GMC Honda Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce smart Subaru Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select Model GO 1. Vehicle Option Trim Exterior Color No Preference Black Blue Brown Gold Green Orange Red Silver White Yellow Interior Color No Preference Beige Black Blue Gray Green Other Red White Buying Time Frame Within 48 hours Within a week Within two weeks Within a month More than a month Payment Method Undecided Loan Lease Cash Trade In? Yes No 3. Dealer Selection Receive your free dealer pricing information by completing your contact information!
Some would argue that the best part of the Super Bowl is the commercials. But we can probably all agree that if you have to watch an ad, including those about cars, the best time is during the big game. Just in case you missed them, here are some of the automotive ads that appeared during this year's Super Bowl.
Hyundai Kona – “Ref to the Rescue”
Why anyone would plan a kid's soccer game on the day of the Super Bowl is a mystery. But that's what happens in Hyundai's new commercial featuring the 2018 Kona, which shows frustrated coaches and parents wishing they were home on the sofa watching TV instead of on the sidelines of the field. Fortunately, the referee manages to make the situation more palatable.
Kia Stinger – “Feel Something Again”
Kia's marketing strategy for the Super Bowl was to harness the star power of Steven Tyler. In this ad, the musician drives the Stinger on an abandoned track and somehow finds themselves transported back to the 1970s. The time travel is complete with CGI work that makes Tyler look younger. The spot, set to the soundtrack of Aerosmith's “Dream On,” also features Emerson Fittipaldi, two-time Formula 1 and Indy 500 champion.
Toyota – “Good Odds,” “Mobility Anthem,” “One Team”
After skipping the Super Bowl last year, Toyota is airing three spots this time around. Highlighting Toyota's partnership with the Olympic and Paralympic Games, “Good Odds” tells the inspiring story of Canadian alpine skier Lauren Woolstencroft. “Mobility Anthem” emphasizes Toyota's ambitions to become a mobility company, not just a company that sells cars. We'll see spot number three on game day.
Lexus LS 500 F Sport – “Long Live the King”
In this ad, Lexus took the opportunity to promote its relationship with the upcoming Black Panther movie from Marvel Studios. The ad shows King T'Challa recovering stolen vibranium, the mythical ore found only in their homeland of Wakanda. After saving the day, they drive to a world leadership conference in the LS 500 F Sport. Lexus will air a 30-second ad during the third quarter of the Super Bowl, but here's the full minute version.
Mercedes-AMG C43 Coupe– Last Fan Standing Trailer
OK, so this really isn't a Super Bowl commercial. Instead, it's a trailer for a smartphone game Mercedes has created to promote the C-Class. Users have to follow a Mercedes-AMG C43 Coupe with their finger, and whoever can keep touching the car the longest wins. Kudos to Mercedes for doing something a little different.
Stay tuned throughout the weekend as we update with more car ads from the big game!
Kelly Pleskot and Stefan Ogbac contributed to this post
Chinese animation studio, DreamEast Pictures has appointed veteran executive Wang Yuan (aka Phabey Wang) as CEO of its DreamEast Pictures USA division.
Wang will oversee development, production, marketing and operations for the studio, which opened in 2015 with a mission to showcase Chinese culture, stories and philosophies to a global audience through original film and television content.
Wang was most recently general manager of CineArc Entertainment, a consulting and production company specializing in China/U.S. co-productions. Prior to CineArc, they were project manager at Bruno Wu's Seven Stars Entertainment, and before that was a film script analyst at the censorship committee at China's State Administration of Radio, Film and Television (SARFT.)
DreamEast recently appointed Jetpack Distribution to handle international distribution of “Valt The Wonder Deer,” its debut series executive produced by John Andrews. The 52-episode 2D animation series was screened recently in China on broadcast channel BTV Kaku Kids Channel and online at Tencent, where it has received over 35 million views. DreamEast recently began development on the second season of “Valt,” as well as a feature film and two additional animated television series, for production later this year.
Striving to help thousands of Syrian refugees overcome the language barrier, a major problem for many, Turkey has started staffing clinics with fellow refugees.
Four Syrian refugee doctors, two nurses and four sanitation employees are working at two healthcare centers in the southeastern province of Mardin, Saffet Yavuz, a local health bureau chief, told Anadolu Agency (AA). They said two more healthcare centers will soon be set up in the province's Midyat and Nusaybin districts. Under a project by the Health Ministry and the European Union, Bab-i Şifa Refugee Healthcare Centers opened in February in Mardin's Kızıltepe and Artuklu districts.
"I wish we could have done this in our country, but there are hostilities there," said Dr. Abdullah el-Hatip from Damascus, who is working at the Artuklu center. "Now we're helping [refugees like us] here. God willing, we hope the war will soon end, and we'll do the same in our country," they added, expressing thanks for all the support Turkey has given the refugees.
Syria has only just begun to emerge from a devastating civil war that began in 2011. Since then, hundreds of thousands of people have been killed in the conflict and millions more displaced, according to the U.N. Turkey currently hosts nearly 3.5 million Syrian refugees, more than any other country in the world.
Emane Hedi, who took shelter in Turkey three years ago after fleeing Syria's Hasekeh, is among the patients at the center. They say they were pleased with the health services in Turkey. "May Allah bless Erdoğan. They extend a helping hand to everyone without discrimination," they say, referring to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
With over $30 billion spent for the well-being of Syrian refugees, Turkey tops the list of countries restoring the health of refugees worldwide with the cost of health services surpassing $10 billion, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Along with free access to services provided by public hospitals, refugees also benefit from clinics set up at the refugee camps near the Turkish border. The Health Ministry occasionally conducts vaccination campaigns as well with charities offering free medical check-ups, especially for those living outside the camps. Recently, Turkey also joined forces with the WHO to train hundreds of Syrian doctors and nurses to overcome the language barrier to help refugees trying to access health services and to boost health literacy and awareness of diseases for refugees.
A recent survey shows some 60 percent of refugees do not have health literacy or were reluctant to use the services due to language barriers and other cultural reasons. War-related health conditions also take a toll on the refugee population. Some 27 percent of refugees are smokers, and another 80 percent suffer from sleep disorders.
As the conflict in Syria intensified and the prospect of a return for the refugees to their country dimmed, Turkey has stepped up its efforts for further refugee integration. Work permits were granted to the "guests" - the term informally used by the government to reference the refugees - and since 2016, more than 380 Syrian doctors, and 360 nurses and midwives have been trained to serve their expatriates in hundreds of clinics serving the refugees across Turkey.
History shows that the best time to buy a stock is often when its future is at its bleakest. That's because the market already anticipates a tough time for the business, so its valuation is likely to be super-low. As such, it could benefit from an upward re-rating, while its yield may be higher than it would normally have been. With that in mind, here are two unpopular stocks which could prove to be top-notch income plays.
Uncertain outlook
The future for educational specialist Pearson (LSE: PSON) is highly uncertain. Its most recent update showed an unexpected slowdown in sales and profitability which is due to cause a fall in its bottom line of 20% in 2016, followed by a decline of 10% in 2017. Even in 2018, Pearson's earnings are expected to flatline, which means that its current level of dividend may prove to be unaffordable. After all, it has a payout ratio of over 90%.
However, given the company's share price fall in recent months, even a near-halving in its dividend would leave it on a yield of 4.1%. This is still around 40bps higher than the wider index and shows that Pearson could prove to be a worthy income stock in the long run.
Certainly, there are changes to be made to the business and there are no guarantees that dividends will only be halved. However, such a fall would leave the company on a payout ratio of around 53%, which seems to be sustainable. Furthermore, since it has a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 12.9 even after factoring in this year's potential fall in earnings, it has a relatively wide margin of safety. This shows that as well as a high yield, Pearson could produce high capital gains in the long term.
Turnaround potential
Also unpopular among investors at the present time is support services business, Capita (LSE: CPI). It trades on a P/E ratio of only nine, since its earnings are due to decline by around 7% this year. Part of the problem facing the business is the difficult outlook for the outsourcing sector. After a number of years of strong growth, outsourcing is now arguably less popular than it once was and competition within the industry is picking up.
Despite this, Capita could have a bright future. It has a relatively sound balance sheet and its turnaround plan seems to be logical. It could cause the company to record a return to growth as early as 2018. It is forecast to report a rise in earnings of 4% in that year, which could show investors that its long-term outlook is relatively bright.
With Capita having a yield of 6.2% from a dividend which is covered twice by profit, its income outlook is impressive. Its shares may remain in the doldrums in the short run as its business performance continues to disappoint, but in the long run it seems to have stunning total return potential.
Top income stock Despite the potential of Capita and Pearson as income stocks, there's another company that could be an even better buy. In fact it's been named as A Top Income Share From The Motley Fool. The company in question could make a real impact on your income prospects in 2017 and beyond. Its potent mix of a growing dividend and impressive yield could increase your income returns right now. Click here to find out all about it - doing so is completely free and comes without any obligation.
According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information "the average gross clinical payment per physician (family doctors and specialists) ranged from $262,000 in Nova Scotia to $380,000 in Alberta," in 2015-16. Doctors Nova Scotia provided provincial MSI data indicating gross family physician compensation is approximately $254,000.
"It will bring us much closer to our regional colleagues in New Brunswick and P.E.I.," Holland said. "It won't bring us right up to them but it's going to really close that gap and that will allow us to push forward on a lot of the other things that will attract physicians to Nova Scotia."
The announcement also includes $6.6 million to encourage family doctors to develop an up-to-date patient list, a $4.2 million e-health pilot project incentive, and $8.5 million to support doctors using electronic medical records.
It also includes $6.4 million to encourage doctors to accept patients from the provincial wait list, which currently stands at 44,000.
The plan will see a $150 bonus "for each patient a family doctor takes off the list, or who is referred from an emergency department, or without a family doctor due to doctor retirements or relocation," the province said.
Dr. Heather Johnson, a family physician in a group collaborative practice with three other physicians in Bridgewater, said the money will make a difference in patient care and access.
Johnson said the use of more telephone and electronic health services will mean less of a need to see patients in person who have travel problems, who are managing chronic conditions, or who are frail and elderly.
"I will be able to allow technology to facilitate their care more easily. It will be easier for my patients and then hopefully free up some time that will allow other patients who need to see me face-to-face, easier access."
McNeil said the patient incentive, the enrolment incentive, and part of the electronic medical records initiative ($5.2 million) are one-time incentives set out in a trust announced last week.
"This will give us a chance to assess these (incentives)," they said. "The issues around the investments we are making in terms of the fee-for-service changes or the issues in terms of some of the other direct investments, they are ongoing and part of our fiscal plan."
As part of that ongoing commitment, McNeil said, an additional $1.5 million is earmarked for medical records in 2018-19 and $1.8 million in 2019-20.
By Keith Doucette, The Canadian Press
Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom says their government would not succumb to any intimidation or move to repeal the open grazing, prohibition and ranches establishment law.
Governor Ortom stated this when they visited Three Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camps including Abagena, LGEA Primary School Daudu and United Nations High Commission for refugees (UNHC) Shelter.
They restated their resolve to continue to call on the Federal Government to rise and stop the killings and displacement of Benue people by Fulani herdsmen as such was the lawful thing to do.
Governor Ortom stated that the federal government with the capacity to stop the killings in the state had allowed People to be playing game with the matter to divert attention by accusing their administration of raising Six A Thousand militia men and making inflammatory remarks.
The Governor directed the Commissioner for Health and Human Services, Dr. Cecilia Ojabo, to deploy a team of medical personnel to the Abagena IDP camp newly created to provide health services there.
Governor Ortom also directed that security Personnel be provided at the new Abagena camp housing displaced persons from neighbouring Nasarawa State to ensure adequate security.
They also called for humanitarian assistance from civil society groups,spirited individuals and the international community,adding that the number of displaced persons and their needs far outweigh resources of the state.
Earlier, Executive Secretary, State Emergency Management Agency, SEMA, Mr. Emmanuel Shior, said the Abagena camp has over six thousand most of who were from Nasarawa state, adding that relief materials had equally been deployed there.
0 #Planebae: Woman tweets story of strangers meeting, internet falls in love
A woman's story of romance blossoming between two strangers on a plane has the internet falling in love.
>> Read more trending news
Rosey Blair said on Twitter that they and their boyfriend were seated separately Monday on a flight to Texas. They said they asked a woman to switch seats so that they could be next to their boyfriend, putting an athletic woman next to an equally athletic man.
Blair said that they and their boyfriend “made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life.” They then proceeded to document the pair, sharing their story over the course of nearly five dozen tweets.
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe their new seat partner would be the love of their life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
KPRC-TV identified the man at the center of the viral tweets as Euan Holden, brother to former Houston Dynamo star and current soccer broadcaster Stuart Holden. Euan Holden said on Twitter that they knew Blair was taking photos of them and their unidentified aisle-mate.
“You guys are cracking me up with ‘PlaneBae,'” Euan Holden wrote Wednesday.
Mornin world ...? You guys are cracking me up with PlaneBae. Where do I even start the day? Breakfast? — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
Here are some highlights from Blair's tweets:
See the full thread on Twitter.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Wednesday said Super Eagles' winger, Moses Simon, would undergo one more final scan in London ahead of Nigeria's game against England on Saturday.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Simon was initially ruled out of the World Cup by Head Coach Gernot Rohr after the player's scan results confirmed they would be out of the tournament.
However, Moses requested for a further scan in the UK, with Rohr granting them their wish to prove their fitness ahead of the world cup.
According to reports on the NFF official Twitter handles on Wednesday, Coach Rohr is willing to wait and see if the player can make a late push for the World Cup in Russia.
The winger scored once and provided two assists for Nigeria as they went unbeaten throughout the qualifying series.
They will no doubt be a massive miss should further scan confirm them unfit to play at the Mundial in Russia next month.
NAN also reports that Rohr has dropped the quartet of goalkeeper Dele Ajiboye, defender Stephen Eze, midfielder Uche Agbo, as well as NPFL hotshot Junior Lokosa, as they trimmed their list to 24 players.
The Franco-German had earlier revealed that five players would be dropped from the cut but injury to winger Moses Simon opened up for probably one new inclusion.
Rohr however opted for FC Crotone of Italy striker Simeon Nwankwo as the striker battles it out for the final 23-man squad that will fly to Russia in the coming days.
Despite being backed by Rohr in their pre-match conference prior to the DR Congo clash last Friday, Standard Liege midfielder Agbo was dropped after not featuring in any of the qualifiers.
While NPFL goal banger Lokosa also misses out despite impressing in the game against Congo.
The squad, comprising 3 goalkeepers, 9 defenders, 7 midfielders and 5 attackers, will join Chelsea star Victor Moses in the UK as they prepare for the friendly game against England on Saturday.
Full Squad:
Goalkeepers: Francis Uzoho, Daniel Akpeyi, Ikechukwu Ezenwa.
Defenders: Abdullahi Shehu, Tyronne Ebuehi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Chidozie Awaziem, Kenneth Omeruo, Bryan Idowu, Ola Aina, Elderson Echiejile.
Midfielders: Ogenyi Onazi, Mikel Agu, Wilfred Ndidi, Joel Obi, John Ogu, Oghenekharo Etebo, Mikel Obi.
Attackers: Alex Iwobi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Ahmed Musa, Odion Ighalo and Simy Nwankwo.
The similarities between Juergen Klopp and Eusebio Di Francesco go far beyond their facial hair, designer glasses, and quirky humour.
In terms of tactics, passion, mentality and their route taken in coaching, the managers of Liverpool and Roma appear to be cut from the same cloth, creating a fascinating subplot ahead of the meeting of their teams in the Champions League semifinals.
The respect between them was evident as they spoke on Monday on the eve of the first leg at Anfield, a match that counts as the biggest in Di Francesco's managerial career and the most significant in Klopp's 2 1/2 years at Anfield.
"I am very happy but also concerned to play against a team coached by such a good manager," Di Francesco said, "but I believe my philosophy is quite similar."
That would be the high press, the high energy, the expected use of a 4-3-3 formation with the wingers drifting inside, the full backs overlapping, and the lone striker dropping off.
Manchester City and Barcelona couldn't handle the intensity of Liverpool and Roma, respectively, in a triumph for the underdogs in the quarterfinals. A week after City was overwhelmed in a 3-0 first-leg loss at Anfield, Barça was blown away by the same scoreline in a historic night at the Stadio Olimpico.
"I do understand probably a lot of people would have thought this semi-final would be Barcelona vs. Manchester City," Klopp said, "but it is not because it is football. Roma made it possible and us, as well. Maybe our situations are similar."
Both teams know their place in modern-day European soccer. Neither can stop their best players from leaving — Mohamed Salah left Roma to join Liverpool in the offseason, Philippe Coutinho left Liverpool to join Barcelona in January just as Luis Suarez did in 2014 — so they are constantly fighting against the odds.
Klopp and Di Francesco didn't take the easy route in coaching, either, starting at a relatively low base.
Klopp's first coaching role was at Mainz in the German second tier, Di Francesco's was with Virtus Lanciano in the Italian third tier.
While Klopp got Mainz promoted and then enjoyed success at their next club Borussia Dortmund, where they won the Bundesliga and reached the Champions League final in 2013, Di Francesco had posts at Pescara and Lecce before making their mark at Sassuolo and guiding the club into Serie A. They even got the team into the Europa League before joining Roma in 2017.
"Klopp has already proved their worth — they have won a number of titles — and I have great ambitions, too," said Di Francesco, who, at age 48, is two years younger than Klopp. "I will nurture this ambition to reach the final."
Di Francesco insisted Roma would not take a step back at Anfield, instead, going toe to toe with Liverpool and its devastating front three of Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino.
Klopp has the same mentality when Liverpool plays the heavyweights of the English Premier League, and they have a strong record in those games.
"We have continued believing in ourselves, and Roma is the same," Klopp said. "They changed manager — at least we didn't have to do that — but they are doing a brilliant job and so they have all my respect. If anyone thinks we two are underdogs, who cares?"
With inputs from AP
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
CTV London
A Belmont woman is facing a racing charge after police say they clocked them at 115 kilometres per hour over the speed limit Monday afternoon.
An OPP officer observed a Nissan Altima on Manning Drive about 12:30 p.m. driving at a high rate of speed.
Police say the vehicle was going 175 kilometres in a 60 kilometre zone.
A 22-year-old woman is charged with racing a motor vehicle.
Is it the stress of fame what is getting to the teen model? Said their father, Johnny Depp : “To be honest, I'm quite worried. I wasn't expecting all this to happen to Lily-Rose, especially not at this age.” What do you think of Lily-Rose Depp's teeny tiny beach body? Sounds off in the comments below.
LOS ANGELES: A gunman killed three people and wounded two at a San Francisco warehouse facility operated by UPS before turning the gun on himself, authorities said on Wednesday (Jun 14).
The gunman, who has not been identified, was wearing a uniform of the global parcel delivery service and shot themselves in the head as police confronted him, San Francisco acting police chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
Chaplin said the incident did not appear to terrorism-related.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaunt told local media that the shooter - apparently a disgruntled employee - burst into a room where workers were gathering for a morning meeting before heading out to make deliveries and opened fire.
The sprawling facility employs 350 people, UPS said in a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"UPS confirms there was a shooting incident involving six employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning," the statement said. "We understand that there are four deaths, although some individuals were transported to the hospital and we are unsure of their status at this time."
Police ordered residents and employees in the city's Portero Hill neighborhood and surrounding areas to shelter in place as they responded to the shooting.
Witnesses reported hearing multiple gunshots at the facility, which handles packages for delivery in the San Francisco area.
One woman whose husband was in the facility was quoted by local media as saying that the gunman shot their victims execution-style.
